 


CE Noticias Financieras English
Train accident in Thailand: Chinese project crane collapses, leaving dozens of victims

657 words
14 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Bangkok, Jan. 14 (EFE) - At least32 people diedand more than 60 were injured on Wednesday inThailand after acrane fell on a passenger traintraveling betweenBangkokand the northeast of the country. Rescue teams told EFE that more than five people could still be trapped in overturned carriages.

READ MORE: Los Tigres del Norte in Mexico City: date, presale, and ticket prices at the GNP Seguros Stadium

The accident occurred when a crane working on ahigh-speed railprojectbetween Thailand and Chinafell onto a moving train as it passed throughBan Thanon Kot, in the northeastern province ofNakhon Ratchasima, about 250 kilometers from Bangkok, authorities said.

The crane collapsed, for reasons still unknown, onto a train traveling from the Thai capital toUbon Ratchatani(northeast), with 171 people on board at the time of the incident, causing itto derailandcatch fire.

According to the latest figures fromthe Thai Ministry of Health, at least 32 people have lost their lives in the accident—31 at the scene and one during transport—while 64 have been injured—seven are in critical condition—and three remain missing.

Trapped passengersRescue teams told EFE that "there could be five or possibly more people still trapped in the train carriages," which had 208 people on board at the start of the journey.

"37 passengers disembarked, leaving 171 on board when the train reached the scene of the accident," the rescuers said.

Service on the accident-stricken railway line, which runs under an elevated section of the futurehigh-speed railway, was temporarily suspended.

"I couldn't move." "There was a loud bang. We felt something collapse; everything in the car came down and was destroyed (...). I tried to get out myself, but my leg was trapped and I couldn't move. I called for help. When I got off the train, I couldn't walk, so I had to crawl (...). I'm traumatized," a survivor who was traveling with her grandson, who also survived the accident, told local television station Channel 3.

"I needed five stitches and suffered a puncture wound to my face (...)", lamented another survivor to the same media outlet.

"Chaos broke out inside the carriage. We tried to get out because the fire was spreading underneath. Once we got out, we used fire extinguishers (...) and went to help the passengers," said a railway official who was on the train.

Companies involvedTherailway projectunder development that will link the Thai capital with the Chinese city ofKunming, in the southwest of the country, is being supervised by a subsidiary of the state-ownedChina Railway Group, according to the high-speed train's website.

This Chinese construction company was involved in the construction of the 30-story building that collapsed last March in Bangkok due to a 7.7 magnitude earthquake with its epicenter in Burma.

The construction of that building was also carried out by a subsidiary ofChina Railwaytogether with the local companyItalian-Thai Development, which is also involved in the construction of the Thailand-China high-speed line, including the section where the accident occurred.

In mid-April, Thai police arrested a China Railway executive suspected of violating foreign investment laws in order to operate in Thailand.

"Lack of safety"TheThai Structural Engineers Associationattributed the crane's collapse onto the train to "safety deficiencies."

Its president,Amorn Pimanamas, considered that the accident was "due to deficiencies in safety measures in construction in public areas" and pointed out that "the exact cause of the collapse cannot be determined" at this time, according to the public broadcaster Thai PBS.

Thailand's Prime Minister,Anutin Charnvirakul, urged a "full investigation" into the accident and stressed: "Accidents like this only happen when there isnegligence, steps are skipped, or the work does not follow the approved design or uses inappropriate materials."

The post Train accident in Thailand: Chinese project crane collapses, leaving dozens of victims first appeared on Ovaciones.

Document NFINCE0020260114em1e007rg




CE Noticias Financieras English
Water crisis in Mexico

984 words
14 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Our country has managed its water resources very irresponsibly over the last 60 years. The lack of actions that are not only intelligent but also technologically feasible or common sense has caused our vast country with extraordinary natural resources to face a prolonged water crisis. This means that it is not only generating serious political and social conflicts, but is also currently depriving our country of the opportunity to receive much-needed foreign direct investment. This is becoming a new obstacle to economic growth. The Mexican economy will not grow in 2026, generating unemployment and despair among Mexicans.

To understand the global context facing the human species, I must point out that water is a unique substance in the universe. We cannot manufacture it. Without water, life as we know it would not exist. We call Earth the Blue Planet. We were taught that 75.0% of the planet's surface is salt water. We thought that the planet had more water than land, but that is not the case. Thanks to technological advances, we now know the reality. The thickness of the fragile layer of salt water covering the planet is only 3.0 ten-thousandths of the size of the planet (3.68 km thickness of the oceans/12,762 km diameter of the Earth = 0.0002883). This means that if the Earth were one meter in diameter, it would be as thin as an eggshell. If we could gather all this water into a sphere, it would be less than one-thousandth of the Earth's sphere. 

Freshwater accounts for only 2.5% of the planet's total water, with 97.5% being saltwater. Of that 2.5% of freshwater, 69.0% is polar ice and mountain snow, and 30.0% is groundwater. Only 1.0% of this small amount of fresh water is available in rivers and lakes. The lives of the 8.3 billion human beings who inhabit the planet depend on this tiny amount of available fresh water. The World Bank estimates that there are 1.4 billion cubic kilometers of water on the planet; 2.5% (35 million/km3) is freshwater, and it tells us that we can actually access 0.3%, which means that we have only 105,000 km3 of freshwater available for human consumption. This is equivalent to 12,650 m3/inhabitant for their entire lifetime.

We must understand that of the total fresh water on the planet, only a very small amount is available. We must accept this dangerous reality. The future of humanity depends on the intelligent management of this tiny amount of fresh water. We are irresponsibly polluting not only our rivers, lakes, and aquifers, but also the salt water of the oceans.

The water crisis we are experiencing is based (according to data from the National Water Commission, INEGI, and the Mexican Institute for Competitiveness in Mexico) on an unfair distribution: 76% of available fresh water is allocated to agricultural production. Experience shows that we waste 50% (equivalent to 38%) by practicing flood irrigation, without our federal government having been able to prevent it, at least in the 33 years of the National Water Commission's existence. Industry uses 11% and urban centers 15%. 

Industry practically does not recycle its wastewater. The National Association of Water and Sanitation Entities of Mexico, AC (ANEAS), acknowledges that they lose an average of 55% of the water they distribute in urban centers due to leaks in their secondary networks. Nor do urban centers, which are home to all kinds of economic activities, have modern wastewater treatment plants that recycle it (these are called "zero discharge" because they remove all the contaminants they contain and reuse them by returning them to the secondary distribution network).

Information published by the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources through its decentralized agency, the National Water Commission, tells us that the total available freshwater resource is defined by the volume of water that enters the country via precipitation: 1,488.8 km3 per year. Of this, 71.5% returns to the atmosphere through evapotranspiration (due to a lack of soil and forest cover). The complete balance is obtained by adding 48.4 km3 per year that enters from imports from rivers on the northern and southern borders and subtracting exports from the United States of America of 0.432 km3 per year. This gives us an average natural availability for our country of 471.5 km3 per year of the resource.

The volume used for agricultural production is 358.34 km3/water/year, with 179.17 km3/water/year wasted. There are 5.2 million hectares of agricultural production that lack technified irrigation (drip, sprinkler, or multi-gate). 

Industry pollutes a staggering 51.86 km3/water/year, and urban centers lose 38.89 km3/water/year and pollute a considerable 31.82 km3/water/year. There are 3,000 wastewater treatment plants that do not operate due to poor design, use obsolete technologies, and consume a lot of energy, at a cost of around 80 billion pesos. The Atotonilco de Tula mega-wastewater treatment plant, which cost 10 billion pesos, is also not operational. 

Monterrey, Mexicali, Tijuana, Aguascalientes, Saltillo, San Luis Potosí, Morelia, Querétaro, and Mexico City are experiencing severe shortages; 16 states are suffering from severe drought, according to the National Water Commission's Drought Monitor. 

To this bleak picture, we must add that the three levels of government have never really invested in infrastructure for rainwater harvesting. Nor in absorption wells for aquifer recharge. In 33 years, neither the Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources nor the current Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has ever implemented a permanent program for soil recovery (erosion) or reforestation, which are essential for the water cycle.



*President of Mexico, Communication and Environment, AC. 

Expert in Waste Management and Climate Change

Document NFINCE0020260114em1e005yv


INDUSTRY SNAPSHOTS - INDIA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 14 JAN 26_EN

20,023 words
14 January 2026
Acquisdata Global Industry SnapShot
ACQIND
English
Copyright 2026. Acquisdata Inc. 

LATEST COMPANY NEWS

This Week’s News

The Manila Times - Indian Institute of Information Technology Kharagpur Joins Digital Twin Consortium - 14/1/2026

Accelerating AI-driven digital twin adoption and testbed development.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.manilatimes.net/2026/01/14/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/indian-institute-of-information-technology-kharagpur-joins-digital-twin-consortium/2258368

Bisinfotech - India Aims to Be a Global Semiconductor Leader by 2035 - 13/1/2026

India is poised to become one of the world’s top four semiconductor manufacturing nations by 2032 and aims to emerge as the best by 2035.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bisinfotech.com/india-aims-to-be-a-global-semiconductor-semiconductor- manufacturing-leader-by-2035-ashwini-vaishnaw/

Nikkei Asia - India's TCS reports $1.8bn in annualized AI revenue for Oct-Dec - 13/1/2026

Software services giant ekes out 0.6% total revenue gain in traditionally weak quarter.

For the complete story, see:

https://asia.nikkei.com/business/companies/india-s-tcs-reports-1.8bn-in-annualized-ai-revenue-for-oct-dec

Other Stories

Fortune India - India to get AI investments worth $70 billion: Ashwini Vaishnaw - 7/1/2026

Staffing Industry Analysts - Active tech jobs in India tumble in January - 6/1/2026

The Hindu - Infosys eyes Yendada hill for its permanant campus in Vizag - 5/1/2026

Firstpost - India’s semiconductor sector at a turning point: From vision to execution - 5/1/2026

Yahoo Finance - Tata and Infosys to Bear Brunt of Trump’s $100,000 H-1B Worker Fee - 16/12/2025

Media Releases

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) - Cognizant Recognized by Avasant as a Leader in the Blockchain Services 2025 RadarView™ - 12/1/2026

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755) - Tech Mahindra Recognized as Leader & Star Performer in Everest Group’s Banking IT Services and Payments IT Services PEAK Matrix® Assessments 2025 - 9/1/2026

Latest Research

Assistive Technology and Employability of the Divyangjan: A Study with Special Reference to Bangalore IT Companies - By SM Nagaraj, KS Muralidhara

Overviews of Leading Companies

Birlasoft Limited (NSE: BSOFT)

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP)

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE)

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH)

Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY)

Kavveri Telecom Products Limited (BSE: 590041)

KPIT Technologies Limited (NSE: KPITTECH)

LTIMindtree Limited (NSE: LTIM)

Sonata Software Limited (NSE: SONATSOFTW BSE: 532221)

Take Solutions Limited (NSE: TAKE)

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS)

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755)

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU)

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO)

Senior Associate: Joseph Hang Ellision

News and Commentary

The Manila Times - Indian Institute of Information Technology Kharagpur Joins Digital Twin Consortium - 14/1/2026

Accelerating AI-driven digital twin adoption and testbed development.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.manilatimes.net/2026/01/14/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/indian-institute-of-information-technology-kharagpur-joins-digital-twin-consortium/2258368

Bisinfotech - India Aims to Be a Global Semiconductor Leader by 2035 - 13/1/2026

India is poised to become one of the world’s top four semiconductor manufacturing nations by 2032 and aims to emerge as the best by 2035.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bisinfotech.com/india-aims-to-be-a-global-semiconductor-semiconductor- manufacturing-leader-by-2035-ashwini-vaishnaw/

Nikkei Asia - India's TCS reports $1.8bn in annualized AI revenue for Oct-Dec - 13/1/2026

Software services giant ekes out 0.6% total revenue gain in traditionally weak quarter.

For the complete story, see:

https://asia.nikkei.com/business/companies/india-s-tcs-reports-1.8bn-in-annualized-ai-revenue-for-oct-dec

Fortune India - India to get AI investments worth $70 billion: Ashwini Vaishnaw - 7/1/2026

Speaking at the Rajasthan AI Summit, Vaishnaw said the Centre has launched the India AI Mission to strengthen India's position in the global.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.fortuneindia.com/business-news/india-to-get-ai-investments-worth-70-billion-ashwini-vaishnaw/129236

Staffing Industry Analysts - Active tech jobs in India tumble in January - 6/1/2026

The number of active technology job openings in India fell to 103,000 at the start of January.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.staffingindustry.com/news/global-daily-news/active-tech- jobs-in-india-tumble-in-january

The Hindu - Infosys eyes Yendada hill for its permanant campus in Vizag - 5/1/2026

Infosys is currently operating its unit in a rented building in the Rushikonda IT zone area.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Visakhapatnam/infosys-eyes-yendada-hill-for-its-permanant-campus-in-vizag/article70474613.ece

Firstpost - India’s semiconductor sector at a turning point: From vision to execution - 5/1/2026

India’s semiconductor journey has long been framed as a strategic imperative in the global technology race.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.firstpost.com/opinion/indias-semiconductor-sector-at-a-turning-point-from-vision-to-execution-13965698.html

Yahoo Finance - Tata and Infosys to Bear Brunt of Trump’s $100,000 H-1B Worker Fee - 16/12/2025

President Donald Trump’s $100,000 price tag for new H-1B workers hired from outside the US could have punishing effects for the IT outsourcing and staffing industries that have long been a target of both parties.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-15/tata-infosys-to-bear-brunt-of-trump-s-100-000-h-1b-worker-fee

Media Releases

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) - Cognizant Recognized by Avasant as a Leader in the Blockchain Services 2025 RadarView™ - 12/1/2026

January 12, 2026 - Cognizant has been recognized as a Leader in the Blockchain Services RadarViewTM Report conducted by Avasant. Avasant defines blockchain services as activities that support the development, adoption, scaling and maintenance of blockchain solutions for enterprise use cases like DeFi, supply chain and digital identity. Key priorities include scalability, sustainability and adapting to regulatory changes. Avasant assessed 47 providers for practice maturity, partnerships and innovation, identifying 20 leaders in value over the past year.

“As blockchain adoption matures, the banking and government sectors are leading in POC-to-production conversions, driven by clearer regulations, tokenization use cases and the convergence of AI and blockchain. Enterprises are increasingly leveraging blockchain to enhance transparency, traceability and efficiency across identity, asset and data management. Cognizant’s blockchain practice reflects these broader market trends through a technology-agnostic and multicloud approach that supports interoperability across more than 25 blockchain frameworks.” said Swapnil Bhatnagar, Partner, Avasant. With a decade of experience in blockchain, Cognizant has built a broad portfolio, served many clients and even conducted over 40 solution experiments. Sixty percent of its projects are live with 100% conversion from POC to production in government, healthcare and retail. It integrates blockchain with AI, IoT and ERP systems for applications like marketing management, farm-to-pack traceability, fraud detection and supply chain tracking.

Cognizant delivers blockchain solutions by using a diverse set of platforms and by partnering with hyperscalers. These collaborations span joint pipeline management, joint go-to-market initiatives, training, certification and developer showcases. Cognizant also conducts joint enablement sessions with partners, aiming to ensure robust infrastructure, innovation and market reach through these alliances. “Its Blockchain Platform as a Service (BPaaS) and Code Generator-Corda accelerate solution development, emphasizing secure, privacy-driven data exchange. Cognizant continues to expand its blockchain ecosystem through collaborations with R3, Hyperledger Fabric, Polygon, and major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud,” noted Bhatnagar.

Avasant further highlights Cognizant’s investments and innovation noting that “Cognizant’s consistent investments in blockchain certifications, domain-driven solutions, ecosystem partnerships, and proven proof of concept (POC)-to-production success, have solidified its position as a Leader in Avasant’s Blockchain Services 2025 RadarView™.”

"We are honored to be recognized by Avasant as a Leader in the Blockchain Services RadarView™ Report,” said Tia Eady, Vice President and Chief Technology Officer in Cognizant Americas. “This recognition highlights our exceptional blockchain services growth since our previous placement in the Innovator quadrant. Our continued investment has helped us achieve one of our first leadership positions in the blockchain space—a significant milestone for Cognizant’s Global Architecture team and for the whole company. Blockchain is a technology that continues to redefine trust, transparency and efficiency in the digital era. Our teams have effectively demonstrated how they’ve leveraged it to deliver value for our clients and shape the future,” she said.

https://news.cognizant.com/2026-01-12-Cognizant-Recognized-by-Avasant-as-a-Leader-in-the-Blockchain-Services-2025-RadarViewTM

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755) - Tech Mahindra Recognized as Leader & Star Performer in Everest Group’s Banking IT Services and Payments IT Services PEAK Matrix® Assessments 2025 - 9/1/2026

Pune

|

January 09, 2026

Tech Mahindra (NSE: TECHM), a leading global provider of technology consulting and digital solutions to enterprises across industries, announced that it has been recognized as a Leader and Star Performer in both the Everest Group Banking IT Services and Payments IT Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment. The recognition reflects Tech Mahindra’s strong market performance, deep domain expertise, and its ability to deliver high-value outcomes for global banking and payments institutions.

Everest Group evaluated 41 Banking IT services providers and 32 Payments IT services providers globally on parameters including vision, capability, and market impact. Leaders and Star Performers were distinguished for their innovation leadership, integrated solution portfolios, and adoption of value-based engagement models that enable financial institutions to accelerate modernization, strengthen resilience, and achieve sustainable transformation outcomes. The acknowledgment highlights Tech Mahindra’s ‘AI Delivered Right’ strategy that is reshaping the landscape of the Banking, Financial Services & Insurance (BFSI) industry with AI-powered solutions that deliver hyper-personalized customer experiences, and reinforce risk management with intelligent precision.

Atul Soneja, Chief Operating Officer, Tech Mahindra, said, “Financial institutions are navigating an increasingly complex landscape shaped by rapid digitization, evolving customer expectations, and heightened regulatory requirements. Being recognized as a Leader and Star Performer in Everest Group’s Banking IT Services and Payments IT Services PEAK Matrix® Assessments 2025 is a strong endorsement of our capabilities in enabling large-scale transformation. It reinforces our commitment to helping banks and payments organizations modernize their technology foundations, drive innovation, and deliver secure, future-ready solutions at scale.”

Tech Mahindra’s positioning on the PEAK Matrix® is driven by its strong domain expertise, robust digital capabilities, and consistent delivery excellence across global banking and payments programs. The company’s continued investments in next-generation technologies, platform-led modernization, strategic partnerships, and customer-centric delivery models have played a pivotal role in strengthening its leadership position and supporting measurable business outcomes for customers.

Pranati Dave, Vice President, Everest Group, said, “Tech Mahindra has strengthened its position across banking and payments IT services by combining large-scale modernization with end-to-end delivery capabilities spanning core banking, cloud and data transformation, and payments platforms. Customers value the organization’s proactive, flexible engagement across early-stage ideation and co-development, as well as its ability to deliver complex programs in core modernization, customer experience transformation, and real-time payments. These strengths have contributed to its recognition as a Leader and Star Performer in the Everest Group Banking IT Services and Payments IT Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025.”

Tech Mahindra enables banks and financial institutions to navigate digital and regulatory complexity by leveraging capabilities across cloud, AI, cybersecurity, core modernization, and digital operations. Through a strategic, consulting-led approach and purpose-built solutions, the company supports informed decision-making, operational resilience, and long-term value creation across the global banking and payments landscape.

https://www.techmahindra.com/insights/news/techm-recognized-leader-star-performer-everest-group-peak-matrix-2025/

Latest Research

Assistive Technology and Employability of the Divyangjan: A Study with Special Reference to Bangalore IT Companies

SM Nagaraj, KS Muralidhara

Abstract

Implementation of Assistive Technology (AT) in the work environment has greatly enhanced the employability of Divyangjan (individuals with disabilities) by bringing in inclusivity and accessibility. This research analyses the contribution of assistive technology towards increasing work opportunities for Divyangjan workers in Bangalore’s IT industry. It also investigates the level of AT adoption in the IT industry, the categories utilised, and challenges encountered in their implementation. The study also examines the views of employers and employees on the effectiveness of AT in enhancing work efficiency, job satisfaction, and career development. The research employs a mixed-methods approach, integrating surveys and interviews among HR professionals and IT managers in order to capture a holistic perspective of AT’s influence. Central areas of concentration are the applications of screen readers, speech-to-text software, ergonomic hardware, AI-based assistive solutions, and workplace accommodations. The study reveals that, although most IT firms in Bangalore have been successful in incorporating AT, high costs, unawareness, and insufficient training are the areas where the journey has been bumpy. It concludes that with a sound policy framework, higher investment in AT, and greater corporate initiatives, the gaps are filled and a more inclusive work environment for the IT sector can be established. Recommendations are policy improvements, better training schemes, and company incentives for the widespread use of assistive technology. In doing so, Bangalore’s IT sector can create a model for workplace accessibility and inclusiveness.

https://www.rvimjournal.com/index.php/rvim/article/view/379

The Industry

Last updated: Apr, 2025

Introduction

The IT & BPM sector has become one of the most significant growth catalysts for the Indian economy, contributing significantly to the country’s GDP and public welfare. The IT industry accounted for 7.5% of India’s GDP, as of FY23 and is projected to hit 10% by FY25.

As innovative digital applications permeate sector after sector, India is now prepared for the next phase of growth in its IT revolution. India is viewed by the rest of the world as having one of the largest Internet user bases and the cheapest Internet rates, with 76 crore citizens now having access to the Internet.

The current emphasis is on the production of significant economic value and citizen empowerment, thanks to a solid foundation of digital infrastructure and enhanced digital access provided by the Digital India Programme. India is one of the countries with the quickest pace of digital adoption. This was accomplished through a mix of government action, commercial innovation and investment, and new digital applications that are already improving and permeating a variety of activities and different forms of work, thus having a positive impact on the daily lives of citizens.

India’s rankings improved six places to the 39th position in the 2024 edition of the Global Innovation Index (GII).

Market Size

According to the National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM), the Indian IT industry’s revenue touched US$ 227 billion in FY22, a 15.5% YoY growth and was estimated to have touched US$ 245 billion in FY23.

The IT spending in India is estimated to record a double-digit growth of 11.1% in 2024, totalling US$ 138.6 billion up from US$ 124.7 billion last year. By 2025, the Indian software product industry is projected to hit Rs. 8,68,700 crore (US$ 100 billion) as companies seek to expand globally.

The Indian software product industry is expected to reach US$ 100 billion by 2025. Indian companies are focusing on investing internationally to expand their global footprint and enhance their global delivery centres.

The data annotation market in India stood at US$ 250 million in FY20, of which the US market contributed 60% to the overall value. The market is expected to reach US$ 7 billion by 2030 due to accelerated domestic demand for AI.

India's IT industry is likely to hit the US$ 350 billion mark by 2026 and contribute 10% towards the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Infomerics Ratings said in a report.

As an estimate, India’s IT export revenue rose by 9% in constant currency terms to US$ 194 billion in FY23. Exports from the Indian IT services industry stood at US$ 199 billion in FY24.

The export of IT services has been the major contributor, accounting for more than 53% of total IT exports (including hardware).

BPM and engineering and R&D (ER&D) and software products exports accounted for 22% and 25%, respectively of total IT exports during FY23.

Exports from the Indian IT industry stood at US$ 194 billion in FY23. The export of IT services was the major contributor, accounting for more than 51% of total IT exports (including hardware). BPM, and Software products and engineering services accounted for 19.3% and 22.1% each of total IT exports during FY23.

The IT industry added 2.9 lakh new jobs taking the industry’s workforce tally to 5.4 million people in FY23.

By 2026, the increased use of cloud technology could create 14 million jobs and contribute Rs. 33,01,060 crore (US$ 380 billion) to India’s GDP.

Investments/ Developments

* Indian IT's core competencies and strengths have attracted significant investment from major countries and companies.

* Hyderabad, known for its prominence in the IT sector, achieved exports worth Rs. 2.68 lakh crore (US$ 32.2 billion) in FY24, with a workforce of 9.46 lakh employees. This represents a YoY growth of 11.2%.

* Direct employment in the IT services and BPO/ITeS segment was estimated to reach 5.4 million in FY23 with an addition of 290,000 people.

* The revenue of India’s public cloud services market totalled US$ 6.2 billion in 2022, and it is expected to reach US$ 17.8 billion by 2027 growing at a CAGR of 23.4%.

* Announced in January 2025, Reliance Industries is set to build the world’s largest data center in Jamnagar, Gujarat, marking a major step in its entry into India's Artificial Intelligence (AI) sector.

* In January 2025, TCS approved the Rs. 1,625 crore (US$ 187.1 million) acquisition of TRIL Bengaluru Real Estate Five & Six Ltd. to develop delivery centers, acquiring 100% equity in one year.

* In December 2024, TCS has expanded its partnership with Bank of Baroda, India’s second largest public sector bank, to continue to implement an end-to-end financial inclusion solution over the next five years.

* In November 2024, TCS Partners With IIT KGP to Launch Advanced Research Center for Innovation in Digital Health, Robotics & Intelligent Systems

* In November 2022, ICICI Bank introduced two new products for its NRI clients - Loan against Deposits (LAD) and Dollar Bonds, at its branch in GIFT City.

* In November 2022, Amazon Web Services announced the launch of its second AWS infrastructure region in India - the AWS Asia Pacific (Hyderabad) Region. By 2030, it is anticipated that the region will support more than 48,000 full-time jobs annually thanks to investments totalling more than US$ 4.4 billion in India.

* In November 2022, Google established a partnership with local gaming startup SuperGaming through its Google Cloud division. As part of the collaboration, game developers who use Google Cloud to create, host, and distribute their games will have access to SuperGaming's SuperPlatform game engine.

* HDFC Bank partnered with Flywire to enable their customers to make fee payments digitally to overseas colleges and universities.

* In August 2022, Network People Services Technologies (NPST) announced that it was working on a banking super app. The high-end platform can be used by banks, fintech companies, and other BFSI players, and it will offer a seamless user experience with all banking, financial, and transactional services combined into a robust, smart app.

* In August 2022, PwC India announced that it was planning to hire 10,000 employees in the cloud and digital technologies space over the next five years.

* In October 2022, PE/VC investments in the technology sector stood at US$ 157 million across 12 deals.

* The computer software and hardware sector in India attracted cumulative foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows worth US$ 87.46 billion between April 2000-September 2024. The sector ranked second in FDI inflows as per the data released by Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT). Computer software and hardware make up 15.11% of the cumulative FDI equity inflows.

* In July 2022, the Union Bank of India (UBI) launched a Metaverse Virtual Lounge and Open Banking Sandbox environment in partnership with Tech Mahindra.

* In June 2022, ZStack International, a worldwide market leader in cloud computing, IaaS, and PaaS solutions, announced that they were entering India and the SAARC Region.

* In June 2022, Redington India, an IT provider, entered into a multi-year strategic agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to drive cloud technology adoption in India.

* American-Irish consumer credit reporting company Experian is planning a major expansion of its Global Innovation Centre (GIC) in Hyderabad to about 4,000 employees over the next three to five years. According to sources, GIC will concentrate on employing emerging technologies in the BFSI (banking, financial services, and insurance) sector, including cloud computing, big data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.

* In 2021, PE investments in the IT sector stood at US$ 23.4 billion.

* India’s IT startup ecosystem received record investments of nearly US$ 36 billion in privately held companies in 2021, up from US$ 11 billion in 2020.

* In March 2022, Licious, India’s largest tech-first, fresh animal protein brand, raised US$ 150 million in a Series F2 funding round.

* In March 2022, Byju’s raised US$ 800 million in funding as part of a pre-IPO round, which values the Bengaluru-based company at about US$ 22 billion.

* In March 2022, debt marketplace CredAvenue raised US$ 137 million in a funding round led by Insight Partners, B Capital Group and Dragoneer Investment Group, which propelled the startup’s valuation to US$ 1.3 billion.

* In February 2022, Hasura, a software company which helps developers with tools, raised US$ 100 million in a fresh funding round led by Greenoaks Capital, which elevated the company into a unicorn.

* In January 2022, Google announced plans to invest US$ 1 billion in India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd. to push India's digital ecosystem.

* Amazon partnered with Airtel to sell Amazon Web Services (AWS) to its customers and intends to inject US$ 1.6 billion into their two upcoming data centres in Hyderabad.

Government Initiatives

Some of the major initiatives taken by the government to promote the IT and ITeS sector in India are as follows:

* The Union Budget 2024-25, presented by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on July 23, 2024, proposes an allocation of Rs. 1,16,342 crore (US$ 13.98 billion) for IT and Telecom sectors.

* In March 2024, The Cabinet approved an allocation of over Rs. 10,300 crore (US$ 1.2 billion) for the IndiaAI Mission, marking a significant step towards bolstering India’s AI ecosystem.

* The government prioritizes cybersecurity, hyper-scale computing, AI, and blockchain. With data costs at Rs. 10/GB ($0.12/GB), India ranks among the world's cheapest.

* Cabinet approved PLI Scheme – 2.0 for IT Hardware with a budgetary outlay of Rs. 17,000 crore (US$ 2.06 billion).

* In September 2022, the new Telecommunications Bill 2022 was published for public consultation by the Ministry of Communications as a move toward creating a new telecom framework in India.

* In August 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), in collaboration with the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore (CSA), successfully planned and carried out the "Synergy" Cyber Security Exercise for 13 countries to build network resilience against ransomware attacks.

* In June 2022, STPI Director General Mr. Arvind Kumar stated that exports through STPI units have increased from Rs. 17 crore (US$ 2.14 million) in 1992 to Rs. 5.69 lakh crore (US$ 71.65 billion) in 2022.

* In May 2022, it was announced that Indians can now avail of their DigiLocker services through WhatsApp to get easy access to their official documents.

* In April 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) issued Directions to strengthen cybersecurity in the country.

* The government introduced the STP Scheme, which is a 100% export-oriented scheme for the development and export of computer software, including the export of professional services using communication links or physical media.

* In November 2021, the government launched the Internet Exchange in Uttarakhand to enhance the quality of internet services in the state.

* The Karnataka government signed three MoUs worth Rs. 100.52 crore (US$ 13.4 million) to help the state's emerging technology sector.

* In September 2021, the Indian government announced a plan to build a cyber-lab for the ‘Online Capacity Building Programme on Crime Investigation, Cyber Law, and Digital Forensics’ to strengthen cyber security capabilities.

* In September 2021, the Ministry of Electronics, and Information Technology (MeitY) organised a workshop under the theme of ‘Connecting all Indians’ to promote public and private stakeholders’ interest in the country and expand internet access to remote areas.

* In September 2021, the Indian government launched the Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture Project (MeghEA) to boost service delivery and governance in the state by leveraging digital technologies, to make Meghalaya a high-income state by 2030.

* In September 2021, the Indian government launched Phase II of the Visvesvaraya PhD Scheme to encourage research in 42 emerging technologies in Information Technology (IT), Electronics System Design & Manufacturing (ESDM) and Information Technology-Enabled Services (ITES).

* In September 2021, the Indian government inaugurated five National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology (NIELIT) Centres in three Northeastern states to boost the availability of training centres and employment opportunities.

* On July 2, 2021, the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises launched six technology innovation platforms to develop technologies for globally competitive manufacturing in India. The six technology platforms have been developed by IIT Madras, Central Manufacturing Technology Institute (CMTI), International Centre for Automotive Technology (iCAT), Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI), BHEL, and HMT, in association with IISc Bangalore.

* The Department of Telecom, Government of India and Ministry of Communications, Government of Japan, signed an MoU to enhance cooperation in areas of 5G technologies, telecom security and submarine optical fibre cable systems.

Road Ahead

India is the topmost offshoring destination for IT companies across the world. Having proven its capabilities in delivering both on-shore and off-shore services to global clients, emerging technologies now offer an entire new gamut of opportunities for top IT firms in India.

The IT spending in India is estimated to record a double-digit growth of 11.1% in 2024, totalling US$ 138.6 billion up from US$ 124.7 billion last year.

India’s public cloud services market grew to US$3.8 billion in the first half of 2023, expected to reach US$ 17.8 billion by 2027

By 2026, widespread cloud utilisation can provide employment opportunities to 14 million people and add US$ 380 billion to India's GDP.

As per a survey by Amazon Web Services (2021), India is expected to have nine times more digitally skilled workers by 2025.

In November 2021, Mr. Piyush Goyal, Minister of Commerce and Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Textiles, lauded the Indian IT sector for excelling in its competitive strength with zero government interference. He further added that service exports from India have the potential to reach US$ 1 trillion by 2030.

Notes: AI - Artificial Intelligence

References: Media Reports, Press Information Bureau (PIB), Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT), Department of Information and Technology, Union Budget 2023-24

Source: India Brand Equity Foundation

https://www.ibef.org/industry/information-technology-india

NASSCOM

Overview

NASSCOM, a not-for-profit industry association, is the apex body for the 180 billion dollar IT BPM industry in India, an industry that had made a phenomenal contribution to India's GDP, exports, employment, infrastructure and global visibility. In India, this industry provides the highest employment in the private sector.

Established in 1988 and ever since, NASSCOM’s relentless pursuit has been to constantly support the IT BPM industry, in the latter’s continued journey towards seeking trust and respect from varied stakeholders, even as it reorients itself time and again to remain innovative,without ever losing its humane and friendly touch.

NASSCOM is focused on building the architecture integral to the development of the IT BPM sector through policy advocacy, and help in setting up the strategic direction for the sector to unleash its potential and dominate newer frontiers.

NASSCOM’s members, 2800+, constitute 90% of the industry’s revenue and have enabled the association to spearhead initiatives at local, national and global levels. In turn, the IT BPM industry has gained recognition as a global powerhouse.

https://www.nasscom.in/about-us

Leading Companies

Birlasoft Limited (NSE: BSOFT)

Birlasoft and KPIT’s IT Services business, has merged to form a leading $500M publicly listed Enterprise Digital and IT Services company. As part of the multibillion dollar diversified The CK Birla Group, Birlasoft with its 10,000 employees, is committed to continuing our 157-year heritage of building sustainable communities. Birlasoft combines the power of domain, enterprise and digital technologies to reimagine business processes for customers and their ecosystem. Its consultative and design thinking approach makes societies more productive by helping customers run businesses.

https://www.birlasoft.com/

6/11/2025

Q2 FY 2025-26

Birlasoft Q2FY’26 Revenue up 3.4% QoQ to ?13,289 Mn

EBITDA up 34.3% QoQ at ?2,133 Mn, EBITDA margin expands to 16.0%

DSO improves to 55 days, Cash & cash equivalents up 26% YoY at ?23,434 Mn

Board recommends interim dividend of ?2.50 per share

New York and Pune, November 6, 2025: Birlasoft Ltd [BSE: 532400, NSE : BSOFT ], part of the multibillion-dollar CKA Birla Group, today reported its unaudited consolidated financial results for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025 (Q2 FY26).

Mr. Angan Guha, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Birlasoft, said, “We have delivered a healthy operating quarter in the face of a macroenvironment that remains challenging. Our performance during the quarter under review also reflects our ability to drive operational efficiencies and generate strong cash flows. We continue to make investments aimed at enhancing our capabilities and are leveraging advanced AI-led capabilities, including Agentic AI, across multiple engagements. Our pipeline remains robust and we expect an upswing in deal wins as customer decision-making picks up.”

"Our revenue grew 3.4% quarter-on-quarter to Rs 13,289 million. This was enabled by growth in our BFSI and Lifesciences & Services verticals, that offset some weakness in our Manufacturing vertical. EBITDA margin expanded from 12.4% in the preceding quarter to 16.0% in Q2 FY26. This was a result of improved operational efficiencies, exchange rate tailwinds, and some one-offs. We also maintained our robust track record of collections and cashflow generation, with cash and cash equivalents rising to ?23,434 million by the end of the quarter, up about 3% QoQ and 26% YoY. Our focus continues to be on prioritising operational efficiency, cashflow generation, and prudent capital allocation," said Mr. Chandrasekar Thyagarajan, Chief Financial Officer, Birlasoft.

Key Financial highlights for Q2 FY26

In INR ?

• Revenue at ? 13,289 M, up 3.4% QoQ

• EBITDA ? 2,133 M, EBITDA Margin at 16.0%

• PAT at ? 1,161 M translating to basic EPS (not annualized) of ?4.16

• Adjusted PAT at ? 1,477 M translating to basic EPS (not annualized) of ?5.28

• Cash and cash equivalents rise 2.5% QoQ and 26.1% YoY to ? 23,434 M

Other operating highlights

• Revenue performance during Q2FY26 was led by LSS and BFSI among verticals and by Infra among service lines. - Lifesciences & Services (LSS) up 6.4% and BFSI up 1.8% QoQ in dollar terms, while Manufacturing registered a sequential decline among verticals.

- Infra up 11.2% QoQ.

- Revenue contribution from Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20 customers increased QoQ.

• Signed deals of TCV $ 107 M during the quarter with new deal wins TCV of $ 40 M and renewals of $ 67 M.

• Active Client Count at 239 in Q2FY26 (compared to 247 in Q1FY26 and 261 in Q2FY25), reflecting some tail account rationalisation during Q2FY26.

• Cash & Cash equivalents stood at $ 263.9 M by the end of Q2FY26 versus $ 266.6 M at the end of Q1FY26, reflecting final dividend payout during the quarter under review. In rupee terms, cash and cash equivalents increased to ? 23,434 M at the end of Q2FY26 from ? 22,864 M at the end of the Q1FY26.

• Q2FY26 DSO improved to 55 days from 58 days in Q1FY26.

• Workforce strength stood at 11,892 as on 30th September 2025 and attrition was 13.3% during Q2FY26.

• During Q2FY26, the company achieved AWS DevOps Competency status which differentiates Birlasoft as an AWS Partner with deep expertise and a proven track record in delivering DevOps solutions that help enterprises accelerate application delivery, automate operations, and enhance agility with built-in security and scalability.

• Birlasoft has inducted Mr. Komal Jain, a seasoned IT services industry professional, as CEO?Americas. In this role, he will lead the company's business across the United States, Canada, and Latin America, with a focus on accelerating growth and strengthening client partnerships. He will also shape the company’s innovation agenda and drive strategic investments to further enhance its market leadership.

Key deal wins for the quarter

• Signed a deal with one of the largest agricultural and construction equipment manufacturing companies for their AI-driven supply chain transformation initiative focusing on optimizing warehouse picking operation by integrating AI software with SAP Extended Warehouse Management.

• Won a strategic deal on configuration management of a large Payments, Cards & Banking client’s core banking platform, replacing a global Tier-1 firm as the incumbent partner.

• Won a legacy ERP transformation project for a new multi-billion dollar global manufacturing client based in North America, demonstrating Birlasoft’s strong credentials in the Global ERP Transformation space.

• Signed a 5-year strategic partnership deal with a global player in the Communication/Tech sector to deliver a cutting-edge AI-enabled hyper automation solution to enhance their global application and infrastructure services.

• In the Insurance sector, acquired a new P&C commercial and speciality global client for modernizing and streamlining their finance operations across their global entities.

• Secured a multi-million-dollar engagement with a Fortune 500 industrial manufacturing company to develop Agentic AI-powered solutions that automate ERP conversions.

https://www.birlasoft.com/sites/default/files/resources/downloads/investors/birlasoft-q2-fy-2025-26-results-press-release.pdf

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP)

Our Company

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms.

Business sub-brands

The Capgemini Group's core offer is supported by two specialized sub-brands that enable a full suite of end-to-end solutions for our clients.

Capgemini Invent

Capgemini Invent is our Group's ’s digital innovation, consulting and transformation brand. We bring to life what's next for our clients, by combining strategy, technology, data science and creative design expertise.

Sogeti

Sogeti works closely with its clients at a local level and mobilizes expert teams that create custom solutions from existing and emerging technologies to deliver viable outcomes at speed.

https://www.capgemini.com/our-company/

A History of our Founder, Serge Kampf

It’s 1967 in Grenoble, France: Television broadcasts are in color for the first time. The city is buzzing about the upcoming 1968 Winter Olympics. Inspired by these exciting technological and cultural changes, entrepreneur Serge Kampf decides the time is ripe to launch an IT company. And so began the Capgemini story.

https://www.capgemini.com/company-profile-key-figures/a-history-of-our-founder-serge-kampf/

28/10/2025

Capgemini Q3 2025 revenues

* Q3 2025 revenues of €5,393 million, up +2.9% at constant exchange rates*

* 9M 2025 revenues of €16,500 million, up +1.0% at constant exchange rates

* Updated 2025 financial targets:

Constant currency revenue growth of +2.0% to +2.5% (was -1.0% to +1.0%),

Operating margin of 13.3% to 13.4% (was 13.3% to 13.5%)

Organic free cash flow of around €1.9 billion (unchanged)

Paris, October 28, 2025 – The Capgemini Group reported consolidated revenues of €5,393 million in Q3 2025, up +0.3% year-on-year on a reported basis, and up +2.9% at constant exchange rates*.

Aiman Ezzat, Chief Executive Officer of the Capgemini Group, said: “The Group delivered a strong Q3, better than expected, thanks to the relevance of our AI-powered business and technology partner positioning and the targeted actions initiated a year ago, in a demand environment that is largely unchanged. Revenue growth improved in all regions, with a significant acceleration in North America. Demand continued to be driven by cloud, data and AI, with a strong focus on efficiency and optimization.

We are accelerating the integration of generative AI across our service portfolio to enable clients to achieve tangible business value. Our investments in proprietary platforms, delivery frameworks, and talent – combined with strategic partnerships – position us as a leader in AI. This is reflected in robust deal wins in generative and agentic-AI.

With the acquisition of WNS now complete, we lead in the fast-growing Intelligent Operations market addressing client demand for agentic AI-powered business operations.

On the back of this strong performance, we raise our growth target for 2025 to between +2.0% and +2.5% – as a reminder, this is above the top-end of the growth outlook communicated in February 2025[1] – and narrow our operating margin target to between 13.3% and 13.4%.”

Capgemini generated revenues of €5,393 million in Q3 2025, up +0.3% year-on-year on a reported basis. In an economic environment that remains uncertain, Capgemini continued to benefit from the targeted actions implemented over the last twelve months. As a result, at constant exchange rates, year-on-year revenue growth improved in Q3 in most regions, businesses and sectors, lifting the Group’s revenue growth from +0.7% in Q2 to +2.9% in Q3 2025.

For the first nine months of the year, revenues grew +1.0% at constant exchange rates and were essentially stable at -0.1% on a reported basis.

The overall demand environment remains stable, with clients continuing to invest selectively in initiatives that support operational efficiency and strategic transformation rather than growth-oriented programs. There is consistent interest in technology-led solutions that deliver tangible outcomes with sustained demand for cloud, digital core, data estate modernization and AI/GenAI solutions.

Bookings totaled €5,161 million in Q3 2025, an increase of +1.5% at constant exchange rates, leading to a book-to-bill ratio of 0.96 for the period in line with traditional seasonality.

OPERATIONS BY REGION

At constant exchange rates, revenues in the North America region (28% of 2024 Group revenues) rose +7.0% year-on-year. Growth was driven by the Financial Services and TMT (Telecoms, Media and Technology) sectors as well as the Manufacturing sector, notably in the Life Sciences industry.

Revenues in the United Kingdom and Ireland region (12% of 2024 Group revenues) grew by +9.0%. This robust growth was broad-based, with Financial Services and TMT sectors recording the strongest performance.

Revenues in France (20% of 2024 Group revenues) declined by -4.7%, notably driven by the persisting weakness in the Manufacturing sector.

Revenues in the Rest of Europe region (31% of 2024 Group revenues) decreased by -1.5%. Solid growth in the Public, Consumer Goods & Retail and Financial Services sectors were more than offset by the softness in the Manufacturing and Services sectors.

Finally, revenues in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America region (9% of 2024 Group revenues) increased by +13.6%. Growth was particularly robust across the Financial Services, Manufacturing, Energy & Utilities and TMT sectors.

OPERATIONS BY BUSINESS

At constant exchange rates, total revenues* of Strategy & Transformation services (9% of 2024 Group revenues) were slightly up by +0.7% year-on-year.

Applications & Technology services (62% of 2024 Group revenues and Capgemini’s core business) posted a solid growth of +5.7% of their total revenues.

Lastly, Operations & Engineering (29% of 2024 Group revenues) total revenues increased by +1.3%, with continued strong growth in Business Services.

HEADCOUNT

The Group’s total headcount stands at 354,700 as at September 30, 2025, up +4.7% year-on-year. The offshore workforce stands at 211,800 employees or 60% of the total headcount.

OUTLOOK

The Group’s financial targets for 2025 are updated as follows:

Revenue growth of +2.0% to +2.5% at constant currency (was -1.0% to +1.0%);

Operating margin of 13.3% to 13.4% (was 13.3% to 13.5%);

Organic free cash flow of around €1.9 billion (unchanged).

Following the completion of the acquisition of WNS, the contribution from M&A to revenue growth is now estimated to around 2 points (was around 1 point).

https://www.capgemini.com/news/press-releases/capgemini-q3-2025-revenues/

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE)

Coforge is a leading global IT solutions organization, enabling its clients to transform at the intersect of unparalleled domain expertise and emerging technologies to achieve real-world business impact. A focus on very select industries, a detailed understanding of the underlying processes of those industries and partnerships with leading platforms provides us a distinct vantage. We leverage AI, Cloud and Insight driven technologies, allied with our industry expertise, to transform client businesses into intelligent, high growth enterprises.

Today our proprietary platforms power critical business processes across the Insurance, Financial Services and Travel industries. Our 11,000 technology and process consultants engineer, design, consult, operate and modernize systems across the world.

https://www.coforgetech.com/about-us

24/10/2025

Coforge posts robust Q2FY26, revenue up 8.1% QoQ, EBIT margin expands 251 bps sequentially

* Q2 revenue increases 8.1% QoQ in INR terms

* Q2 EBIT margin at 14%; expands 251 bps QoQ

* $514 Mn TCV order intake during the quarter

* Order Executable at $1.63 Bn, up 26.7% YoY

* Continued momentum on large deals with 5 large deals signed during the quarter

New Delhi and Princeton, New Jersey, October 24, 2025: Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE), a leading global IT solutions and services organization, today announced its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025

Key Financial Highlights

* Revenue: INR 3,986 crore / US$ 462 million * Up 8.1% QoQ in INR terms, 5.9% in CC terms, 4.5% in USD terms

* Up 31.7% YoY in INR terms, 25.7% in CC terms, 26.6% in USD terms

* EBIT margin at 14%, up 251 bps QoQ and 240 bps YoY

* EBITDA: US$ 84 Mn, up 11.5% QoQ and 42% YoY in US$ terms

* EBITDA margin at 18.3%, up 115 bps QoQ and 199 bps YoY

* PAT: INR 376 crores, up 18.4% on a QoQ basis and 86.0% on a YoY basis

The Board has recommended an interim dividend of INR 4/- per share, and the record date for this payout will be October 31, 2025

“The 8.1% sequential INR growth in Q2, a next twelve-month signed order book which is 26.7% higher YoY, a sales execution engine that signed 14 large deals last year and has already closed 10 large deals in the first half of this year, an EBIT margin expansion of 250 bps QoQ, coupled with one of the lowest employee attrition rates across the industry are all pointers to what we believe will be an exceptional fiscal’26. We remain steadfast in our commitment to turning in the ninth consecutive year of sustained and robust growth despite the uncertain macros.” said Sudhir Singh, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, Coforge Ltd

Key Business Highlights

* Order Intake: US$ 514 Mn for the Quarter

* Executable Order Book over next twelve months at $1.63 billion, a 26.7% YoY increase

* Large Deal Momentum: 5 large deals signed this quarter across North America and APAC

* Headcount: stood at 34,896; net addition of 709 sequentially

* Attrition Rate: Maintained at 11.4%, among the lowest in the industry

Recognitions

* ISG positioned Coforge as a Leader in AI-Augmented Workforce Services in ISG’s Future of Work Services 2025 Provider Lens™ Study

* Everest group awarded Coforge the Everest Group Elevate Honor award for the Growth Honor of the year (annual revenue between USD 1 to 5 billion category).

* Avasant positioned Coforge as a Disruptor in Avasant Global Capability Center (GCC) Services 2025 RadarView™

* NelsonHall positioned Coforge as an Innovator in the Employee Workflow Services and the Technology Workflow Services in the NelsonHall’s ServiceNow Services 2025 NEAT.

Partnerships

* Salesforce recognized Coforge as the “Market Expansion Partner of the Year” for year 2025 at the Salesforce Agentforce Partner Summit

* Coforge entered into strategic partnerships with Workato and SnapLogic to expand its Integration and API Management portfolio

Awards

* Coforge was certified as a Great Place To Work® by the Great Place To Work India for the fifth consecutive year

* Coforge was recognized as one of the “Most Preferred Workplaces 2025-26” for the fourth time in a row by Marksmen Daily

* Coforge was declared the Winner of the ‘Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance’ for the year 2025

* The Coforge Public Library in Gurugram was recognized among the ‘Top 3 CSR Projects of the Year’ at the 2025 India CSR Awards, presented by Brand Honchos

https://www.coforge.com/who-we-are/newsroom/press-release/coforge-posts-robust-q2fy26-revenue-up-8.1-qoq-ebit-margin-expands-251-bps-sequentially

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH)

Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world’s leading professional services companies, transforming clients’ business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps many of the best-known organizations in every industry and geography envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses.

Founded in 1994 as a technology development arm of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, we were spun off as an independent company in 1996, and have worked closely with large organizations to help them build stronger businesses ever since. Today, Cognizant specializes in helping some of the world’s most established companies to stay the most loved brands in today’s fast-changing technology landscape by advancing every aspect of how they serve their customers: digitizing their products, services and customer experiences; automating their business processes; and modernizing their technology infrastructures.

Put simply, we help clients get digital done at scale and speed—the scale needed to transform their complex organizations to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities the latest technologies make possible, and the speed expected by their customers, partners and owners.

Organizing our horizontal capabilities into Cognizant Digital Business, Cognizant Digital Operations and Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology, we have made it easier for clients to approach us for solutions they require. Cognizant Digital Business helps clients redesign their business models, reinventing existing businesses and creating new ones by innovating products, services and experiences with digital. Cognizant Digital Operations helps clients reinvent their operating models, achieving hyperagility in core business processes by harnessing automation and intelligent, on-demand platforms and utilities. Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology helps clients refresh their technology models, matching their business’ capabilities with its ambitions by simplifying, modernizing and securing enabling systems. Because today, creating value by leveraging technology is very industry-specific, we continue to deepen our expertise in 20 different industries, including banking and financial services, healthcare, manufacturing and retail. And to help speed clients’ journeys toward becoming digital, we bring our digital capabilities and industry expertise together into horizontal offerings and industry solutions that accelerate the most essential leaps that today’s technology makes possible, and complement those solutions with consulting and services built for the speed of business today.

With headquarters in the U.S. and a rapidly-expanding footprint that extends from India and China to Europe, North America, South America, and the Middle East, we work around the globe—securely, quickly—while collaborating locally with clients, in person and in their local languages.

We consider it our responsibility to make people feel at home in the future, no matter how technologyenabled it becomes. So, we are committed to helping to solve some of humankind’s most difficult challenges in a way that is beneficial and comfortable for people through the work we do, and through investing in training people around the world in the digital skills that will be needed to do that work.

We believe that the opportunity presented by technology has never been greater, and because of that opportunity, Cognizant will continue to be one of the fastest-growing companies in our industry.

https://www.cognizant.com/my/en/about-cognizant

29/10/2025

Cognizant Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results

* Revenue of $5.42 billion increased 7.4% year-over-year or 6.5% in constant currency1, above the high end of our guidance range, and 3.2% sequentially or 2.8% in constant currency, driven by North America and organic growth across all segments

* Operating margin of 16.0% increased 140 basis points year-over-year; Adjusted Operating Margin1 of 16.0% increased 70 basis points year-over-year

* GAAP EPS of $0.56 declined by $0.61 year-over-year and includes the $0.80 impact of a one-time, non-cash income tax expense

* Adjusted EPS1 of $1.39 increased 11% year-over-year

* Trailing 12-month bookings of $27.5 billion increased 5% year-over-year

* Year-to-date $1.5 billion returned to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends; on track to return $2.0 billion in 2025

* 2025 constant currency revenue growth guidance is increased to 6.0% to 6.3%, above our prior guidance range

* 2025 Adjusted Operating Margin guidance is now approximately 15.7%, expansion of 40 basis points year-over-year, the high end of prior guidance range

TEANECK, N.J., Oct. 29, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Cognizant (Nasdaq: CTSH), one of the world's leading professional services companies, today announced its third quarter 2025 financial results.

"Third quarter revenue grew 6.5% year-over-year and 2.8% sequentially in constant currency, representing our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year organic revenue growth and our strongest sequential organic growth since 2022," said Ravi Kumar S, CEO. "We maintained our large deal momentum, signing six large deals in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 16 with 40% growth in large deal TCV year-to-date compared to the same period last year. I am proud of our year-to-date top-tier revenue growth, which is a testament to our differentiated capabilities at the intersection of technology and industry. We believe our three vector AI builder strategy is gaining traction and we expect our early investments in AI-led platforms and IP on the edge will help power growth in the years ahead."

"Third quarter revenue was well above our guidance range with broad-based growth across segments and geographies, including noteworthy performance in North America. Strong execution and cost discipline drove 70 basis points of year-over-year Adjusted Operating margin expansion, robust cash flow and year-to-date Adjusted EPS growth of 11%," said Jatin Dalal, CFO. "We have increased our full-year revenue guidance to 6.0% to 6.3% year-over-year constant currency growth, above our prior range and deployed $1 billion through share repurchases through Q3, underscoring our confidence in our growth strategy."

Bookings

On a trailing-twelve-month basis, bookings increased 5% year-over-year to $27.5 billion, which represented a book-to-bill of approximately 1.3x. Bookings in the third quarter declined 5% year-over-year. Third quarter bookings included six large deals, which are deals with total contract value of $100 million or greater.

Employee Metrics

On a trailing-twelve months basis, Voluntary Attrition - Tech Services was 14.5% for the period ended September 30, 2025, as compared to 15.2% and 14.6% for the periods ended June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, respectively. Total headcount as of September 30, 2025 was 349,800, an increase of 6,000 from June 30, 2025 and 9,700 from September 30, 2024.

Return of Capital to Shareholders

The Company repurchased 6.3 million shares for $450 million during the third quarter under its share repurchase program. Year-to-date, the company has repurchased 13.1 million shares for $994 million under the program. As of September 30, 2025, there was $2.2 billion remaining under the share repurchase authorization. In October 2025, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.31 per share for shareholders of record on November 18, 2025. This dividend will be payable on November 26, 2025.

Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2025 Guidance2

(all growth rates year-over-year)

* Fourth quarter revenue is expected to be $5.27 - $5.33 billion, growth of 3.8% to 4.8%, or 2.5% to 3.5% in constant currency.

* Full-year 2025 revenue is expected to be $21.05 to $21.10 billion, growth of 6.6% to 6.9%, or 6.0% to 6.3% in constant currency.

* Full-year 2025 Adjusted Operating Margin3 is expected to be approximately 15.7%, or 40 basis points of expansion.

* Full-year 2025 Adjusted Diluted EPS3 is expected to be in the range of $5.22 to $5.26.

Select Company, Client and Partnership Announcements

Cognizant is building a portfolio of capabilities combined with deep domain expertise to harness and advance an AI-led future. Cognizant's progress has been accelerated through client agreements, platform enhancements, and partnerships. Recent announcements include:

Client Announcements

* Signed a multi-year agreement with Pearson to enhance Pearson's platforms with generative and agentic AI and help Pearson enhance its products including learner experiences and applications by implementing cloud-native solutions with a microservices architecture, leveraging Cognizant Flowsource™. Additionally, Cognizant aims to use its Agent Foundry and Neuro® SAN solutions to help enhance Pearson's critical business processes.

* Announced an agreement with North Carolina Turnpike Authority (NCTA) to develop and implement a next-generation tolling back-office system. It aims to eliminate the need for traditional toll transponders, allowing drivers to pay tolls directly through automobile infotainment systems. Cognizant's IoT and API development capabilities are expected to be central to enabling a successful proof of concept (POC), laying the foundation for infrastructure-less tolling.

* Announced a contract with AP Pension, one of Denmark's leading life and pension companies. Cognizant will deliver business process outsourcing (BPO) and Robotic Process Automation (RPA) services to AP Pension. By adding additional capacity and expertise, Cognizant will help AP Pension improve efficiency, free up internal resources for strategic tasks, and, at the same time, strengthen the overall customer experience.

* Announced an agreement with SmartestEnergy, a supplier of energy solutions. As SmartestEnergy scales its operations internationally, Cognizant has been selected to deliver an end-to-end Managed Extended Detection & Response (MXDR) service, covering technology, people, and processes. Through ongoing monitoring and threat prevention, Cognizant aims to help SmartestEnergy minimize disruptions, protect sensitive data, and strengthen trust with clients and partners.

Platform Enhancements and Partnerships

* Partnering with Workfabric AI, the company building the context engine for enterprise AI. As part of this initiative, Cognizant will train and equip its context engineers with Workfabric AI's ContextFabric™ platform, which transforms the organizational DNA of enterprises — how their teams work, including their workflows, data, rules, and processes — into actionable context for AI agents.

* Announced an engagement with Temenos, a global banking technology leader, to develop and market Temenos Country Model Bank in Australia. Temenos Country Model Bank is an extension of its core banking platform designed to accelerate go-live for financial institutions. As a preferred partner for Australia, Cognizant aims to accelerate banking innovation in Australia by integrating emerging technologies into Temenos' core banking operations.

* Announced an agreement with Rubrik, a security and AI operations company, to provide Business Resilience-as-a-Service (BRaaS) for mutual customers. The new BRaaS offering combines Rubrik's cyber resilience platform with Cognizant's extensive domain and industry expertise, with the goal of delivering industrialized solutions designed to support client compliance objectives and enhance the business resilience lifecycle for clients.

Select Company Recognition, Announcements, and Analyst Ratings

* Announced its participation in the AI Education Taskforce meeting at the White House, joining senior executives from leading AI companies and officials from the Trump Administration to support a national initiative aimed at expanding AI education across the United States. As part of this collaborative effort, Cognizant was among the first of more than one hundred organizations that pledged to empower America's youth with the skills and knowledge needed to thrive in an AI-driven future.

* "Vibe Coding" event set GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ title. Cognizant assembled the world's largest online generative AI hackathon, producing over 30,600 working prototype projects. Over a ten-day period, over 53,000 Cognizant associates across 40 countries took part in a Vibe Coding event, a global initiative designed to democratize innovation and build AI fluency at scale.

* Introduced Cognizant Enterprise Vibe Coding Blueprint, a suite of services and reusable IP that enables Global 2000 organizations to operationalize AI-assisted coding across technical and non-technical teams, securely and at scale. Cognizant has designed the suite of services for organizations that want to use vibe coding to power innovation and drive culture change.

* Included in World's Best Employers list by Forbes in collaboration with Statista. The World's Best Employers were chosen through an independent survey covering a broad sample of more than 300,000 participants from 50 countries.

https://news.cognizant.com/2025-10-29-Cognizant-Reports-Third-Quarter-2025-Results

Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY)

Overview

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.

With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

https://www.infosys.com/about/pages/index.aspx

Established in 1981, Infosys is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company with more than 228,000 employees. From a capital of US$ 250, we have grown to become a US$ 11.8 billion (FY19 revenues) company with a market capitalization of approximately US$ 47.7 billion.

In our journey of over 37 years, we have catalyzed some of the major changes that have led to India's emergence as the global destination for software services talent. We pioneered the Global Delivery Model and became the first IT Company from India to be listed on NASDAQ. Our employee stock options program created some of India's first salaried millionaires.

https://www.infosys.com/about/Pages/history.aspx

16/10/2025

Results for the Second Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Quarterly revenue crosses $5 bn mark; Second consecutive quarter of strong performance

Revenue growth of 2.2% sequentially in Q2 and 3.3% in H1 in CC; Large deal TCV at $3.1 Bn and FCF at $1.1 Bn

FY26 revenue guidance revised to 2%-3% and margin guidance retained at 20%-22%

Bengaluru, India – October 16, 2025: Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY), a global leader in nextgeneration digital services and consulting, delivered $5,076 million in Q2 revenues, year on year growth of 2.9% and sequential growth of 2.2% in constant currency. Operating margin was at 21.0%. Free cash flow generation was strong at $1.1 billion, 131.1% of net profit. TCV of large deal wins was $3.1 billion, with net new of 67%. Employee headcount increased by 8,203.

H1 revenues grew at 3.3% year over year in constant currency. Operating margin for H1 was at 20.9%.

“We have now delivered two consecutive quarters of strong growth, demonstrating our unique market positioning and client relevance. Strong deal wins, with 67% net new in Q2, reflect our deep understanding of clients’ priorities to deliver value from AI in this environment”, said Salil Parekh, CEO and MD. “Our proactive investments, over the last three years, in embracing an AI-first culture within Infosys has ensured that our people are reskilled to thrive in a human+AI workplace. Infosys Topaz’s differentiated value proposition is unlocking value at scale in every transformation program” he added.

Guidance for FY26:

• Revenue growth of 2%-3% in constant currency

• Operating margin of 20%-22%

Key highlights:

For the quarter ended September 30, 2025

• Revenues in CC terms grew by 2.9% YoY and 2.2% QoQ

• Reported revenues at ?44,490 crore, growth of 8.6% YoY

• Operating margin at 21.0%, decline of 0.1% YoY and growth of 0.2% QoQ

• Basic EPS at ?17.76, growth of 13.1% YoY

• FCF at ?9,677 crore, growth of 38.0% YoY; FCF conversion at 131.2% of net profit

For the six months ended September 30, 2025

• Revenues in CC terms grew by 3.3% YoY

• Reported revenues at ?86,769 crore, growth of 8.1% YoY

• Operating margin at 20.9%, decline of 0.2% YoY

• Basic EPS at ?34.47, growth of 10.9% YoY

• FCF at ?17,210 crore, growth of 6.5% YoY; FCF conversion at 120.4% of net profit

We had robust all-round performance in Q2 - strong growth, resilient margins, very high cash generation and 13.1% EPS growth year on year in rupee terms. We continue to make strategic investments to futureproof the business with a tight focus on execution, amidst high uncertainty”, said Jayesh Sanghrajka, CFO. “In line with our Capital Allocation Policy, we have announced a share buyback for ?18,000 crores during the quarter and an interim dividend of ?23 per share, an increase of 9.5% over last fiscal”, he added.

Client Wins & Testimonials

• Infosys transformed ABN AMRO’s lending process with nCino platform implementation by consolidating multiple legacy systems into a single, unified platform. Hans-Willem Giesen, IT Lead–Credits, ABN AMRO, said, “The transition to the nCino Platform, facilitated by our partners like Infosys, has brought about a significant shift in how we manage our lending process. This solution will improve operational efficiency, enhance our collateral management capabilities, and provide our customers with a faster, more transparent experience. As we look to the future, this platform will be a cornerstone of our continued growth and transformation.”

• Infosys collaborated with Mastercard to offer financial institutions enhanced access to Mastercard Move, its portfolio of money movement capabilities, and thereby scale crossborder payments. Pratik Khowala, EVP and Global Head of Transfer Solutions, Mastercard, said, “Through Mastercard Move’s cutting-edge solutions, we empower individuals and organizations to move money quickly and securely across borders. The strategic collaboration with Infosys provides financial institutions with easy access to these capabilities, enabling them to facilitate fast, secure and reliable cross-border payments for their customers while enhancing control of risk, operations, costs and liquidity for themselves. Together with Infosys, we’re helping financial institutions deliver the seamless digital payments experiences today’s customers expect.”

• Infosys extended its strategic collaboration with Sunrise to accelerate its IT transformation, with a strong focus on data security, operational agility, and future AI integration. Anna Maria Blengino, CIO, Sunrise, said, "Through our strategic collaboration with Infosys, we are consolidating our technology landscape and infusing it with AI, putting enhanced customer experience at the heart of this transition. The Sunrise and Infosys teams are working side by side with a true one-team mindset to design and deliver platforms that are more agile, predictive, and scalable.”

• Infosys announced a joint venture with Telstra, in Australia, by acquiring 75% of the shareholding in Versent Group, a wholly owned subsidiary of Telstra Group, to propel AIenabled cloud and digital solutions for enterprises. Vicki Brady, Chief Executive Officer, Telstra, said, “Our collaboration with Infosys reflects our confidence in the value we can unlock together. Their global scale, deep industry knowledge, and culture of innovation and service excellence will be instrumental in accelerating Versent Group’s growth and impact across the region.”

• Infosys collaborated with RWE AG to drive automated digital workplace transformation and improve operational efficiency. Gülnaz Öne?, Group CIO of RWE, said, “By leveraging modern technologies and aligning them with our sustainability and efficiency goals, we are streamlining operations, empowering our people, and creating value across RWE. Our collaboration with trusted partners like Infosys underscores our commitment to a resilient, agile digital workplace that drives sustainable growth.”

• Infosys collaborated with HanesBrands Inc to unlock hyper productivity and AI-driven efficiency in the digital, business applications, and data landscape. Scott Pleiman, Chief Strategy, Transformation, Analytics and Technology Officer, HanesBrands, said, “As we continue to evolve our operational model, we sought an experienced collaborator with deep domain expertise and advanced capabilities in AI-driven transformation. Infosys’ AIfirst approach and proven ability to scale innovation aligned with our long-term vision for agility, efficiency and customer-centricity.”

• Infosys collaborated with AGCO to deliver IT and HR operations transformation with an efficient and future-ready operational framework for growth. Viren Shah, Chief Digital & Information Officer, AGCO Corporation, said, "At AGCO, we’re committed to delivering excellence in everything we do, always putting Farmers First. Collaborating with Infosys is intended to enable us to create a responsive, streamlined and innovative operational ecosystem within IT and other functions that allows our teams to focus on critical and strategic initiatives that center on the farmer.”

• Uniting Financial Services (UFS), Australia, subscribed to Infosys Finacle’s Digital Banking SaaS suite on AWS cloud, in a move that was completed in less than five months. John McComb, Chief Risk Officer and Acting CEO, Uniting Financial Services, said, “We are delighted to announce the successful go-live of the Finacle platform. Our goal was to modernise our core banking and digital capabilities to enhance the experience for clients. With Infosys Finacle, we have found a long-term technology partner, with the ability to deliver a future-ready platform that meets the needs of our operations today and supports our ambitions for tomorrow in a rapidly evolving financial services landscape.”

• Infosys collaborated with Glion Arena Kobe as their official digital innovation and GX partner to power smart and sustainable entertainment experiences. Jun Shibuya, President and Representative Director, One Bright KOBE Corporation, said, “Glion Kobe Arena is a new landmark commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake. Our vision for the arena is to become a pioneering next-generation entertainment venue, offering spectacular events while operating sustainably. We are happy to announce our agreement with Infosys as our official digital innovation and GX partner. Leveraging Infosys' innovative solutions will help us aggregate data, utilize cloud technologies, explore new revenue opportunities, and deliver a seamless experience for all our fans and visitors.”

https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2/documents/ifrs-inr-press-release.pdf

Kavveri Telecom Products Limited (BSE:590041)

Profile

Kavveri Telecom is a leading telecom products manufacturer, providing world-class, hardware products and solutions for the telecom industry.

Founded in 1991 by a highly innovative team, Kavveri Telecom designs, develops, tests and implements a diverse range of products, from concept to deployment. With over 150 R&D man-years of experience, Kavveri Telecom is uniquely positioned to offer an array of world-class products and solutions to meet all hardware requirements of telecom manufacturers, telecom service providers and telecom users. Kavveri Telecom Products Limited is a company registered under Companies Act 1956 vide CIN L85110KA1996PLC019627. The company had changed its name from Kaveri Telecoms Limited to Kavveri Telecom Products Limited vide fresh certificate of incorporation dated 19.08.2003 issued by ROC Karnataka.

Kavveri Telecom combines expertise with experience to deliver state-of-art products and solutions spanning the wide spectrum of wireless Telecommunications. The diverse range of products manufactured by Kavveri Telecoms includes Antennas, RF Components, Repeaters, TMA/TMB.

The Company also enjoys the stature of being the largest manufacturer of Antennas & RF products in India. With 30,000 Sq. ft. area of R&D manufacturing infrastructure for design, development & production of Microwave Components, RF products and Antennas, Kavveri Telecoms has the capacity of manufacturing over 1,00,000 high quality Antennas & 10,000 RF products per month.

Headquartered in Bangalore, India, with three well-equipped production plants, Kavveri Telecom is geared to meet all telecom hardware needs of clients across the globe. Kavveri Telecom's esteemed clientele include industry giants such as Ericsson, Motorola, Spice, Airtel, BSNL, ISRO, World Space and Airports Authority of India.

http://www.kavveritelecoms.com/

Q1-FY26

For full release, see:

https://kavveridefence.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Quarterly-Results-Q1FY26.pdf

KPIT Technologies Limited (NSE: KPITTECH)

An Independent Software Integration

Partner to Global Automotive Leaders

01 Focused on Automotive & Mobility

02 Worldwide footprint with Direct presence in Germany, Americas, Japan, India, Korea, China

03 Only embedded software company with deep domain expertise across CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electrified) domains

04 Key Strategic clients and alliances in the Mobility ecosystem

KPIT is a global technology company with software solutions that will help mobility leapfrog towards autonomous, clean, smart and connected future. With 6000+ Automobelievers across the globe, specializing in embedded software, AI & Digital solutions, KPIT enables customers accelerate implementation of next generation mobility technologies . With development centers in Europe, Americas, Japan, China, Thailand and India – KPIT works with leaders in mobility and is present where the ecosystem is transforming.

https://www.kpit.com/about/

18/11/2025

KPIT Technologies Reports Q2 FY26 Results: 4.4% Revenue Growth Amid Strategic Acquisitions

Overview

KPIT Technologies, a global automotive software solutions provider, released Q2 FY26 results showing 4.40% year-on-year dollar revenue growth and 21.10% EBITDA margin. The company faced a $65 million revenue reduction due to client deprioritization and solution cannibalization. Strategic moves include Caresoft consolidation and increased stake in N-Dream to 90% for EUR 2.82 million. KPIT anticipates growth recovery in Q4 and reports significant deal wins from European OEMs.

The company's 4.40% year-on-year dollar revenue growth indicates a positive trajectory, despite facing headwinds. The achievement of a 21.10% EBITDA margin suggests efficient cost management and operational effectiveness.

However, KPIT Technologies experienced a significant revenue reduction of $65.00 million due to client deprioritization and solution cannibalization. This highlights the dynamic nature of the automotive technology sector and the need for continuous innovation and client engagement.

Strategic Acquisitions and Investments

KPIT Technologies has been proactive in strengthening its market position through strategic moves:

Caresoft Consolidation: The company completed the consolidation of Caresoft, which may enhance its capabilities in the automotive software domain.

N-Dream Stake Increase: KPIT Technologies increased its stake in N-Dream to 90% for EUR 2.82 million. This investment could potentially expand the company's portfolio and market reach.

These strategic actions demonstrate KPIT's commitment to growth and diversification in the automotive technology space.

Future Outlook

The company appears optimistic about its near-term prospects:

* KPIT Technologies is positioning itself for growth recovery in Q4.

* The company reports meaningful deal wins from European OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers), which could contribute to future revenue streams.

As the automotive industry continues its digital transformation, KPIT Technologies' focus on strategic acquisitions and client wins from major European OEMs may play a crucial role in its future performance. However, the impact of these strategies on the company's financial results remains to be seen in the coming quarters.

https://scanx.trade/stock-market-news/earnings/kpit-technologies-reports-q2-fy26-results-4-4-revenue-growth-amid-strategic-acquisitions/24945778

LTIMindtree Limited (NSE: LTIM)

LTIMindtree is a new kind of technology consulting firm. We help businesses transform – from core to experience – to thrive in the marketplace of the future. With a unique blend of the engineering DNA with the experience DNA, LTIMindtree helps businesses get to the future, faster.

LTIMindtree at a Glance

$ 3.5 Bn +

Revenue

750 +

Clients

90,000 +

Employees

30 +

Countries

https://www.ltimindtree.com/about-us/

16/10/2025

* LTIMindtree Delivers Strong Quarter, Broad-based Growth Across Business

* Revenue growth of 2.4% QoQ in CC

* EBIT margin expands by 160 bps QoQ to 15.9%

* INR revenue crosses 10,000 crores for the quarter

Mumbai, October 16, 2025: LTIMindtree [NSE: LTIM, BSE: 540005], a global technology consulting and digital solutions company, announced its consolidated results today for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025, as approved by its Board of Directors. “Q2FY26 has been a strong quarter for us, marked by broad-based performance across our business. We delivered our second consecutive quarter of growth with margin improvement ahead of plan. We are committed to becoming an AI-centric organization, leveraging our BlueVerse™ ecosystem. Our strategy remains on course, and our results reflect disciplined execution, the depth of our client relationships, and solid progress in our ongoing transformation.”

Venu Lambu, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

Key financial highlights:

Quarter ended September 30, 2025

In USD:

- Revenue at $1,180.1 million (+2.3% Q-o-Q / +4.8% Y-o-Y)

- Revenue in constant currency (+2.4% Q-o-Q / +4.4% Y-o-Y)

- Operating margin (EBIT) at 15.9%, expands by 160 bps Q-o-Q

- Net profit at $156.8 million (+6.6% Q-o-Q / +4.9% Y-o-Y)

In INR:

- Revenue at ?1,03,943 million (+5.6% Q-o-Q / +10.2% Y-o-Y)

- EBIT at ?16,481 million (+17.2% Q-o-Q / +13.0% Y-o-Y)

- Net profit at ?13,812 million (+10.1% Q-o-Q / +10.4% Y-o-Y)

Other highlights:

Clients:

- 749 active clients as of September 30, 2025

- $1 million+ clients increased by 10 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 402

- $5 million+ clients increased by 4 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 158

- $10 million+ clients increased by 5 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 93

- $20 million+ clients increased by 3 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 45

- $50 million+ clients increased by 2 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 14

People:

- 86,447 professionals as of September 30, 2025. Added 2,558 employees in Q2.

- Trailing 12-month attrition was 14.2%

- Utilization (ex-trainees) at 88.1%

Deal Wins

• LTIMindtree secured a large deal with a leading global media and entertainment company to drive its digital transformation and enable an AI-centric delivery model.

• LTIMindtree has been selected as a Strategic Partner by a global financial institution to deliver end-to-end technology and consulting services across all its lines of business, spanning multiple geographies, positioning us as one of their five major service partners.

• LTIMindtree has been selected by a global manufacturer of chemicals to oversee and execute their technology transformation in a rapidly evolving industry landscape. LTIMindtree will deploy its BlueVerse™ tech to drive AI efficiencies and streamlined processes for cost management and rapid innovation.

• LTIMindtree has expanded its strategic partnership with a global hospitality major through a significant, multi-year deal to accelerate their digital and guest loyalty transformation initiatives.

• LTIMindtree has won a contract from the Government of India’s Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) to transform India’s PAN infrastructure. Our recent press release highlights the win in detail.

• LTIMindtree has been chosen as a Strategic Partner by a leading Fintech solution provider to deliver Merchant Certification Services through an automation-first approach.

• LTIMindtree has been chosen by a Europe-based life sciences company to lead a largescale ERP transformation, reimagining all key business processes through an S/4 HANA implementation.

• LTIMindtree expanded its strategic engagement by winning a large deal with a technology major to drive cloud migration for their customers, enabling quicker timeto-market in a cost-effective way.

Partnerships

• LTIMindtree has been named a Leader across all three evaluated quadrants — Snowflake Implementation Services, Snowflake Managed Services, and Snowflake Consulting and Advisory Services — in the ISG Provider Lens™ Snowflake Ecosystem Partners 2025 - U.S.

• LTIMindtree has been recognized as one of the Strategic Global Partners featured in Microsoft’s FY26 Agentic AI Playbook.

• LTIMindtree has signed a Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS and is named as Elite Partner for VMware migrations to drive growth across key industries through targeted solutions in Migration, Modernization, GenAI, and SAP.

• LTIMindtree has launched BlueVerse™ Foundry on AWS Marketplace, enabling customers to discover, purchase, and deploy BlueVerse™ Foundry through their AWS accounts.

• LTIMindtree’s next-gen AI-powered Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) is now available on the AWS Marketplace, offering enterprises a scalable and intelligent customer engagement platform.

• LTIMindtree has partnered with Shopify to set up an AI Commerce Center of Excellence to create industry accelerators.

• LTIMindtree has partnered with Adobe to launch BlueVerse™ CraftStudio, a new-age marketing agency built to help clients maximize and accelerate AI-driven marketing ROI.

https://www.ltimindtree.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/earnings-release-factsheet-q2fy26.pdf?pdf=download

Sonata Software Limited (NSE: SONATSOFTW BSE: 532221)

ABOUT US

Sonata is a global technology company specialising in platform-based digital transformation, supporting businesses to become connected, open, intelligent and scalable. Sonata’s Platformation™ methodology brings together industry expertise, platform technology excellence, design innovation and strategic engagement models to deliver sustained value to customers. A trusted partner of world leaders in the retail, manufacturing, distribution, travel, services and software industries, Sonata’s software portfolio includes the Brick & Click Retail Platform©, Modern Distribution Platform©, Rezopia Digital Travel Platform©, Kartopia E-commerce Platform©, Halosys enterprise development automation Platform©, CTRM Commodity Trading and Risk Management Platform© and KODO - AI Powered Customer Experience (CX) Platform. Sonata’s Platformation approach ensures services built on Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft Azure, AWS, Cloud Engineering and Managed Services deliver on the Platformation promise. As world leaders in digital technologies including IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, Chatbots, Block Chain and Cyber Security, Sonata’s people and systems are nurtured to deliver on our commitment to excellence in business technology solutions.

PLATFORMATION

Platformation: Steering the Digital Agenda and accelerating Enterprise Transformation

While enterprises worldwide are struggling to create a meaningful approach to Digital transformation, modern ‘born digital’ businesses have been successful in create tremendous value and disrupting incumbent business models. It is also evident that ‘Platforms’ are the secret success sauce for Born digital companies. How can traditional enterprises imbibe platform thinking into their digital transformation journey? Can incumbent businesses think like a digital native as part of their digital transformation ?

Platformation is our unique approach to help incumbent businesses achieve their digital transformation mandates. We leverage the power of platforms to help clients create & implement platform based business models. By combining engineering excellence with industry experience, niche horizontal expertise, platform assets& IPs - Sonata helps build open, connected, intelligent and scalable platforms that form the core of modern digital businesses today.

Platformation facilitates interaction between enterprises, consumers andecosystem players thereby unlocking value. This enables swift response to changing customer demands through innovative services/ product propositions creating value to all stakeholders. Couple this with a innovativedesign thinking led approach from steering the digital agenda to execution by leveraging ‘born digital’ ,specialized assets & accelerators – clients can truly accelerate their enterprise transformation irrespective of where they are on their digital journey.

Platformation enables orchestrating the digital ecosystem and execution of digital business processes through a combination of platform characteristics.

As trendsetters in this concept, we believe that platforms are much more than just stacks of technology layers. Building a robust digital platform requires bringing together various technology platforms across Information Systems, Data & Analytics, IoT, ecosystem and customer experience platforms.

Digital platforms built using the Platformation framework embodies and delivers the following capabilities and functionalities:

The technology environment, application build approach, and the IT operations model work together as one system.

Integrated stacks to common standards on the cloud in a high secure environment, with auto scaling.

Applications are designed as micro-services, with multi-device and channel-reach capability, with Big Data, AI, IoT, and Telemetry-enabled functionalities for intelligent contextual transactions which can be easily integrated and orchestrated within this standard environment.

Operations approaches include full automation with continuous development, integration, and deployment capability for fast, flexible feature releases.

In-built operations analytics that help platform self-learning are used to measure, control and optimize system performance.

https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us

13/11/2025

Consolidated PAT grew by 10% QoQ. Declares second interim dividend of ?1.25 per share.

Mumbai, November 13, 2025

Sonata Software [NSE: SONATSOFTW, BSE: 532221], a leading Modernization Engineering Company, today reported its unaudited financial results for the Quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025.

Commenting on the Q2 performance, Mr. Samir Dhir, MD & CEO of Sonata Software, said: “International IT Services reported steady progress during the quarter, consolidated PAT improving by 10% quarter-on-quarter. The business secured a large deal in the healthcare vertical with a leading provider, reaffirming our focus on driving growth through large deals and consistent execution. Our continued strategic investments in Artificial Intelligence are delivering results, with AI-led orders accounting for approximately 10% of the overall order book for the quarter. As clients accelerate AI-enabled modernization to enhance competitiveness, we remain confident in the company’s long-term growth trajectory.”

Mr. Sujit Mohanty, MD & CEO of Sonata Information Technology Limited, added: “We continue to execute on our three-pillar strategy focused on driving growth in the Microsoft SMC sector, expanding our AI-led partnerships with ISVs, and securing large system integration deals. During the quarter, we added new clients across all three pillars, with particularly strong traction in the Microsoft SMC segment. Despite prevailing industry headwinds in certain sectors, our disciplined execution and focused investments continue to position us well for sustained growth.”

Financial Highlights for Q2’26:

International IT Services:

* In USD terms, Q2’26 revenue stood at $82.0 million, growth of 0.2% QoQ and 1% in CC.

* In Rupee terms, Q2’26 revenue stood at ?730.3 crores, growth of 4.3% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 17.3%, 70bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?78.0 crores, growth of 10.3% QoQ

* DSO stood at 68 days in Q2’26, compared to 62 days in Q1’26.

* ROCE stood at 17.8% in Q2’26, compared to 14.7% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 22.6% in Q2’26, compared to 20.9% in Q1’26.

* 6 new customers were added during the quarter.

Domestic Products & Services:

* Revenue for Q2’26 stood at ?1391.3 crores, decline of 38.8% QoQ.

* Gross contribution for Q2’26 stood at ?68.7 crores, growth of 0.3% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 3.3%, 140bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?42.2 crores, growth of 9.3% QoQ.

* DSO stood at 42 days in Q2’26, compared to 63 days in Q1’26.

* ROCE stood at 43.8% in Q2’26, compared to 33.6% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 42.5% in Q2’26, compared to 32.5% in Q1’26.

Consolidated:

* Revenue for Q2’26 stood at ?2,119.3 crores, decline of 28.5% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 8.1%, 280bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?120.2 crores, growth of 10.0% QoQ.

* Cash and cash equivalents (gross) stood at INR 323 Crores.

* Cash and cash equivalents (net) stood at negative ? 280 Crores.

* ROCE stood at 22.1% in Q2’26, compared to 18.5% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 27.1% in Q2’26, compared to 24.0% in Q1’26.

* The Company has declared its second interim dividend for the financial year at ?1.25 per share.

This is in line with the commitment made during the previous earnings call to implement a quarterly interim dividend payout policy starting this year.

About Sonata Software Limited

In today's market, there is a unique duality in technology adoption. On one side, extreme focus on cost containment by clients, and on the other, deep motivation to modernize their Digital storefronts to attract more consumers and B2B customers.

Sonata Software, with $1 Billion Revenue, is the leading AI-led Modernization Engineering company. Our unique Modernization approach through Platformation.AI helps create Efficient and Agile digital businesses to drive intelligent ecosystems of the future. Our bouquet of Modernization Engineering Services cuts across Data, Cloud, Dynamics, Automation, Cyber Security, and around newer technologies like Generative AI, Microsoft Fabric, and other modernization platforms.

Our unique and innovative Responsible-first AI offering Sonata Harmoni.AI is a comprehensive platform powered by GenAI and encompasses a variety of industry solutions, service delivery platforms, and accelerators. It is distinguished by its embedded ethics, privacy, security, and compliance. We enable our clients to leverage AI in three different ways: i) driving efficiencies, ii) driving higher consumer experience/modern sales, and iii) driving innovative business models. We have launched bleeding edge Agentic AI offering – AgentBridge – that enables enterprises to usher in the era of intelligent, scalable AI-driven operations.

Headquartered in Bengaluru, India, Sonata Software has a strong global presence, including key regions North America, UK, Europe, APAC, and ANZ. We are one of the fastest growing IT Services companies and a trusted partner of Fortune 500 companies in Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI); Healthcare and Lifesciences (HLS); Telecom, Media, and Technology (TMT); and Retail, Manufacturing and Distribution (RMD) space.

Sonata Software boasts of a very strong partnership with Microsoft, AWS and many others. We are proud member of Microsoft AI Partner Council and have also achieved AWS Generative AI Competency. Also, we are member of the prestigious Inner Circle for Microsoft Business Applications and Featured and Launch Partner for Microsoft Fabric.

About Sonata Information Technology Limited

Sonata Information Technology Limited, our Domestic Business, partners with Indian enterprise customers in their digital transformation journeys. As a digital transformation partner, it helps enterprises adopt and scale cloud solutions, fostering innovation and growth. It also helps customers in managing & maintaining their Hybrid Cloud Platforms and related enterprise IT security environments.

https://www.sonata-software.com/newsroom/press-release/consolidated-pat-grew-10-qoq-declares-second-interim-dividend-rs125-share

Take Solutions Limited (NSE: TAKE)

TAKE Solutions delivers domain-intensive services in Life Sciences and Supply Chain Management.

In the fast-growing Life Sciences space, TAKE offers clients a unique combination of full-service Clinical, Regulatory and Safety services backed by unique technology expertise. Our range of services span from clinical trials to regulatory submissions to post-marketing safety, all backed by insights derived through proprietary industry networks forums. With a team of leading Life Sciences experts, best-in-class systems and processes, and bespoke, industry-specific technology and analytics, TAKE delivers successful outcomes for clients. Our global roster of clients includes large and small innovator biopharmaceutical companies as well as generics manufacturers.

In Supply Chain Management, TAKE focuses on high-margin niches in engineering services, and supply chain collaboration. Our IP-led approach enables its clients to automate supply chain processes, track, trace & control at item level, mandate supplier compliance, and streamline material & shipment movement, and thus optimize their processes.

With operations spread across North America, Europe, Asia, and South America, TAKE is a Public Company, listed in India on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange. Led by a team of industry stalwarts and domain experts, TAKE has been growing steadily with FY20 revenues touching INR 22,129 Mn (USD 312 Mn).

https://www.takesolutions.com/index.php/about-us

Q1 - FY26

Total Income:

From a reported ?0.04 crores in Q1FY26, a substantial drop from the previous quarter's (Q4FY25) figure, though the exact figure for Q4FY25 is not mentioned in the provided search results.

Total Expenses:

Similarly, expenses also declined significantly, from ?0.95 crores in Q1FY26, also indicating a substantial decrease compared to Q4FY25.

Profit Before Tax:

The company experienced a net loss before tax in Q1FY26, at -?0.91 crores, which is a massive decrease from the previous quarter (Q4FY25).

Tax:

Tax expenses were recorded as ?0.00 crores, which is a 100% decrease from the previous quarter.

For full release, see:

https://www.takesolutions.com/images/financial/Consolidated_Q1_FY26_TSL.pdf

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS)

ABOUT US

Helping Clients Create the Future

TCS combines tech expertise and business intelligence to catalyze change and deliver results.

What We Do

We ensure the highest levels of certainty and satisfaction through a deep-set commitment to our clients, comprehensive industry expertise and a global network of innovation and delivery centers.

Our mission is to help customers achieve their business objectives by providing innovative, best-in-class consulting, IT solutions and services and to make it a joy for all stakeholders to work with us.

We function as a full stakeholder to business, offering a consulting-led approach with an integrated portfolio of technology led solutions that encompass the entire Enterprise value chain. Our Customer-centric Engagement Model defines how we do engage with you, offering specialized services and solutions that meet the distinct needs of your business.

We build bespoke teams around your domain and technology requirements drawn from our talent pool of over 469,261 global professionals including 36.4% women from 147 nationalities. Our domain expertise has been built upon decades of experience working across industries and this knowledge underpins our suite of solutions.

Our organization structure is domain led and empowered to help provide Customers a single window to industry specific solutions. Agile industry units have embedded capabilities to enable rapid responses that provide a competitive edge to our Customers. This is coupled with a unique Global Network Delivery Model™ (GNDM™), spanning 40 global locations, that is today recognized as the benchmark of excellence in technology deployment.

We have made significant investments in Digital platforms and products spanning Technology Products, Horizontal Platforms and Products, Vertical Platforms and Products.

Our Customers

As a strategic partner to our Customers across 10 industries, we help them deliver their business goals and drive technology led transformations.

Our clients across the world have achieved significant business results using our world-class solutions and have recognized us for their efforts: We have been ranked number one for customer satisfaction in Europe’s largest survey of service provider performance. Conducted across 13 countries in Europe by Whitelane Research. This is the third consecutive year that we have topped the customer satisfaction ranking for the IT services industry, with TCS also being rated number one across all nine individual key performance indicators (KPIs).

Our Talent

We operate on a global scale, with diverse talent base of over 469,261 associates (including subsidiaries) representing 147 nationalities, across 46 countries as of 31-Dec-2020. We are one of the largest employers of women with 36.4% women employees.

We have been recognized as a Global Top Employer by the Top Employers Institute - one of eight organizations worldwide to have achieved this status. In its assessment of 1,072 companies worldwide in 2016, the Top Employers Institute rated TCS as an exceptional performer across nine core Human Resources (HR) areas: talent strategy, workforce planning, on-boarding, learning and development, performance management, leadership development, career and succession management, compensation and benefits and company culture.

Today, we are building a hyper-connected organization using internal social platforms to ensure extensive collaboration and engagement among our employees. This acts as a critical driver of competitive advantage among the 82% digital natives in our employee base. Our ability to provide holistic long term careers based on continuous learning driven by our anytime, anywhere, any device digital learning ecosystem helps us attract and develop the best talent. Our ability to create an ‘experience’ for our employees have helped us consistently have the highest retention rates in our industry globally. Learn more about careers and opportunities at TCS.

https://www.tcs.com/about-us

9/10/2025

TCS sets course to become the world’s largest AI-led technology services company

Broad-based growth and disciplined execution delivers strong Q2 performance

Announces strategic investments

New business entity to build world class AI infrastructure - 1 GW capacity AI datacenter in India

Board approves acquisition of ListEngage with deep capabilities in Salesforce

Sustained investments in nurturing AI-first culture and talent - World’s largest ‘Ideate and Build with AI’ Hackathon with 275,000 TCSers

MUMBAI, October 9, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) reported its consolidated financial results according to Ind AS and IFRS, for the quarter ending September 30, 2025. Highlights of the Quarter Ended September 30, 2025

• Revenue at $7,466 million, up 0.6% QoQ, Sequential growth: 0.8% in Constant Currency

• International Revenue grows 0.6% QoQ in Constant Currency

• Broad-based growth across verticals, led by continued momentum in BFSI (+1.1% QoQ CC), TSS (+1.8% QoQ CC)

• Life Sciences and Healthcare (+3.4% QoQ CC), Manufacturing (+1.6% QoQ CC) and CMI (+0.8% QoQ CC) deliver growth amidst industry specific challenges

• Operating Margin at 25.2%; an expansion of 70 bps QoQ

• Net Income at $1,464 million, +3.0% YoY | Net Margin at 19.6%

• Cash flow from Operations at 110.1% of Net Income

• Q2 Total Contract Value (TCV): US$10 billion

• Dividend per share: ? 11| Record date October 15,2025| Payment date November 4,2025

K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, said “I am pleased with our strong Q2 performance. I would like to thank all our employees for their dedication and excellence. We are on a journey to become the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. Our journey is anchored in bold transformation across talent, infrastructure, ecosystem partnerships and customer value. The investments including the building of a world-class AI infrastructure business demonstrate our commitment to this transformation.”

Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director - President and Chief Operating Officer, said “We delivered strong growth momentum led by Data, Cloud and AI powered enterprise transformation. Our customer engagements are focused on rapid value realization to deliver speed, efficiency and growth. TCS' AI Hackathon set a new benchmark – is the largest, most diverse and innovative AI-first culture building initiative. Our new AI and Services Transformation unit will further scale and integrate our efforts.”

Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer, said, “We achieved good growth momentum across all verticals this quarter. Our disciplined execution helped us expand our margins while making strategic investments. We have prioritized wage hikes, building future-ready capabilities and establishing new ecosystem partnerships. Looking ahead, our financial resilience and robust balance sheet will support both internal transformation initiatives and external investments aligned with our aspiration.”

Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief HR Officer, said: “I am honoured to take over this responsibility as we chart our path to becoming the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. I look forward to working with our employees and all stakeholders as we pursue this exciting vision”.

Key Highlights:

• Expanded strategic partnership with Tryg, a leading Scandinavian non-life insurance company that operates in Denmark, Sweden, and Norway. As part of the seven-year $647 million agreement, TCS will partner with Tryg to simplify and standardise operations across its three major markets and drive technological transformation, to accelerate the company’s growth journey.

• A leading global healthcare company is significantly expanding its strategic partnership with TCS through a multi-year multi-hundred-million-dollar contract that aims to accelerate growth and transformation across value-based care, health benefits, pharmacy services, and customer experience. The partnership encompasses a broad scope of services, including AI, cloud solutions, data management, digital services, cybersecurity, enterprise solutions, and innovation. This achievement stands as a testament to TCS's deep domain expertise, AI-led delivery capabilities, and strategic investments in innovation, positioning the company as a trusted transformation and Innovation partner.

• ALDI SOUTH has extended its strategic partnership with TCS to modernize its IT infrastructure and application landscape across continents. As part of this engagement, TCS will deliver its Cloud Operations Solution to drive automation, strengthen cyber resilience, and enhance service delivery while reducing costs and complexity. This long-term collaboration reinforces TCS’s role as ALDI SOUTH’s trusted technology partner, enabling the retailer to build a scalable, adaptive, and futureready enterprise.

• Expanded collaboration with Weatherford International, a multinational oilfield service company headquartered in North America, with a focus on enhancing operational efficiencies across critical domains such as finance, supply chains, and human resources using advanced AI solutions. TCS will leverage its expertise in automation, artificial intelligence, and digital optimization to drive enterprise-wide business transformation initiatives for Weatherford.

• Partnered with NOW Corporation’s telecom arm, to bolster national digital sovereignty, enable financial inclusivity, and build a clean network for the Philippines. Through this Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), TCS commits itself to support the company with capabilities to expand trusted networks, provide sovereign cloud technology and a cyber-defense suite, along with creating robust citizen-centric services.

• Launched a new AI-driven operations center in Mexico City, reiterating the company’s commitment to continue accelerating innovation in Mexico and Latin America. The new office in Mexico City is TCS’ eighth operations center in Mexico where the company has built a workforce of over 11,000 highly skilled associates over the last 22 years.

• Selected by Kesko, a leading Finnish retail group, as its strategic IT partner to spearhead the transformation of its core technology landscape across the Nordics and Baltics. This partnership is set to play a pivotal role in Kesko’s journey to modernize operations, enhance business agility, and support its long-term growth and expansion ambitions in grocery, car, building and technical trades across multiple geographies and sectors.

• Enabled ICICI Lombard to achieve fully automated AWS multi-region Disaster Recovery (DR) switchover. This establishes ICICI Lombard as one of the first insurance companies in India to achieve fully automated multi-region resilience on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.

• Announced a partnership with Unilab, Inc., a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare company in the Philippines, to modernize its core business systems through a strategic cloud migration. This transformation will strengthen Unilab’s digital infrastructure, enhance operational agility, and drive long-term business growth.

• Announced a multi-year partnership with ARN Media, one of Australia’s leading audio-led entertainment companies, to streamline operations, bringing together automation, global delivery optimization, and creating a cloud-first data platform.

• Announced the launch of Chiplet-based System Engineering Services, designed to help semiconductor companies push the boundaries of traditional chip design. By using chiplets (which are small integrated circuits that serve as building blocks of larger chips), TCS is enabling chipmakers to deliver faster, efficient, and more powerful processors at a time when global demand for advanced semiconductors is soaring.

• Announced strategic partnership with The Warehouse Group, largest retailing group in New Zealand, to support the next phase of the retailer’s digital transformation journey. Under the scope of the partnership, TCS will focus on technology modernization and transformation by streamlining and consolidating platforms and maximizing value from existing investments across the end-to-end retail value chain. TCS will support the Group in building the capabilities and services needed to improve performance.

• Selected by a leading Australian bank to transform its Mortgage and Institutional Banking backoffice operations. As part of the engagement, TCS will help the bank improve operational efficiency and elevate experience by embedding advanced AI and GenAI solutions into its core processes. This, combined with intelligent automation and data-driven insights, will enable the bank to speed up decision-making, improve accuracy, and ensure seamless service delivery across the critical banking functions.

• Expanded our strategic partnership with a large U.S. Insurer to help them drive operational stability, optimize cost, and enhance productivity in the infrastructure engineering space. As a part of this multi-year deal, TCS will consolidate multiple infrastructure technology towers across Site Reliability, Database Reliability & Cloud Operations. By adopting a scalable operating model and leveraging advanced software engineering and AI, TCS will also assist in migrating critical application workloads to a new infrastructure. The transformation will not only build reliability in operations but also set Insurer on the path of long-term sustained growth.

• A leading North American enterprise networking company has selected TCS as a partner for AIinfused Application Maintenance and Support across Enterprise functions. As part of the deal, TCS will also expand the Full Stack Observability Lab services to further strengthen end-to-end monitoring. By integrating cognitive automation at the core of IT operations, TCS aims to deliver substantial cost efficiencies and increased business value over the three-year duration of the agreement.

• Expanded strategic partnership with an Australia-based integrated infrastructure services provider for its AI-driven business operations. TCS has been a strategic partner spanning across transformation and managed services programs across Cloud, Infrastructure, Enterprise Solutions. In the quarter gone by, the client further advanced its partnership with TCS for advanced AI platform such as ignio™ and AI WisdomNext, and consultation of ERPs for achieving operational efficiency, resilience and TCO reduction.

• TCS has extended its partnership with a leading US insurer to drive technology and business transformation initiatives, and enable the client’s shift toward an AI-driven future. TCS will provide enhanced support across key areas including Insurance and Retirement, Investment Solutions, Technology, Cybersecurity, Marketing, Actuarial, and Data Management. This extension reaffirms TCS’ role as a trusted transformation partner, committed to delivering innovation, and long-term value.

• TCS has secured a multi-year strategic partnership with a leading UK-based Insurance services provider to transform and manage its digital platforms. TCS will deploy AI based innovative solutions to build an integrated engineering platform to optimize IT Change and Operations. Additionally, Agentic AI-enabled solutions will be delivered across front and back-office functions to enhance operational efficiency and elevate customer experience.

https://www.tcs.com/content/dam/tcs/investor-relations/financial-statements/2025-26/q2/IFRS/Press%20Release%20-%20USD.pdf

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755)

Tech Mahindra represents the connected world, offering innovative and customer-centric information technology experiences, enabling Enterprises, Associates and the Society to Rise™. We are a USD 4.9 billion company with 131,500+ professionals across 90 countries, helping 946 global customers including Fortune 500 companies. Our convergent, digital, design experiences, innovation platforms and reusable assets connect across a number of technologies to deliver tangible business value and experiences to our stakeholders. Tech Mahindra is the highest ranked Non-U.S. company in the Forbes Global Digital 100 list (2018) and in the Forbes Fab 50 companies in Asia (2018).

The Mahindra Group is a USD 20.7 billion federation of companies that enables people to rise through innovative mobility solutions, driving rural prosperity, enhancing urban living, nurturing new businesses and fostering communities. It enjoys a leadership position in utility vehicles, information technology, financial services and vacation ownership in India and is the world’s largest tractor company, by volume. It also enjoys a strong presence in agribusiness, aerospace, commercial vehicles, components, defense, logistics, real estate, renewable energy, speedboats and steel, amongst other businesses. Headquartered in India, Mahindra employs over 2,40,000 people across 100 countries.

https://www.techmahindra.com/company/default.aspx

14/10/2025

Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended September 30, 2025

Tech Mahindra reports EBIT of ? 1,699 Crores, up 32.7% YoY; New deal-wins at USD 816 Mn – YoY growth of 35%; Interim dividend declared at ? 15 per share

Tech Mahindra (NSE: TECHM), (NSE: TECHM), a leading global provider of technology consulting and digital solutions to enterprises across industries announced the audited consolidated financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.

Financial highlights for the quarter (USD)

* Revenue USD 1,586 mn;

* up 1.4% QoQ, down 0.2% YoY in reported terms

* up 1.6% QoQ, down by 0.3% YoY in constant currency terms

* EBIT USD 192 mn; up 11.5% QoQ, up 25.6% YoY

* EBIT Margin 12.1%, up 108 bps QoQ, up 254 bps YoY

* Profit After Tax (PAT) USD 135 mn; up 1.5% QoQ; Operational PAT* up 28.2% YoY

* Profit After Tax (PAT) Margin 8.5%, flat QoQ, Operational PAT* margin up 188 bps YoY

* Free cash flow USD 237 mn

* New deal wins TCV USD 816 mn

Financial highlights for the quarter (?)

* Revenue ? 13,995 crores; up 4.8% QoQ, up 5.1% YoY

* EBIT ? 1,699 crores; up 15.0% QoQ, up 32.7% YoY

* Consolidated PAT ? 1,195 crores; up 4.7% QoQ; Operational PAT* up 35.5% YoY

* Diluted Earnings per share (EPS) at ? 13.46

Other Highlights

* Total headcount at 152,714; down 1,559 YoY

* LTM IT attrition at 12.8%

* Days of Sales Outstanding 94 days; flat YoY

* Cash and Cash Equivalent at the end of the quarter ? 7,287 crores

* Interim dividend declared ? 15 per share

*Excludes exceptional item of land sale proceeds in Q2'25

Mohit Joshi, CEO and Managing Director, Tech Mahindra, said, “We delivered broad-based growth this quarter, reflecting the strength of our strategy and execution. We launched TechM Orion, our next-generation AI platform, and TechM Orion Marketplace to help enterprise accelerate autonomous transformation. Being recognized by industry analysts reinforces our leadership in advancing next-generation AI.”

Rohit Anand, Chief Financial Officer, Tech Mahindra, said, “This quarter marks the eighth consecutive period of margin expansion, driven by operational efficiency and disciplined execution. Our deal TCV is up 57% year-on-year on LTM basis, supported by strong deal conversions. The Board has approved a dividend of ?15 per share reflecting our continued focus on shareholder value.”

Key Deal Wins

* Selected by a leading European telecom operator as a strategic partner to accelerate its enterprise-wide Autonomous Operations journey. Through this engagement, Tech Mahindra will consolidate and transform the customer’s ecosystem, delivering an AI and automation-led landscape that accelerates the realisation of their vision for Autonomous Operations.

* Selected by a global logistics leader as a strategic partner with multi-year framework agreement to drive AI led efficiency and transition to Productized IT organization - transitioning from manual, high-touch operations to an AI-driven, automated, and self-service enabled global desk.

* Selected by a leading semiconductor equipment manufacturer to spearhead the enterprise application transformation across SAP, Data & Analytics, AI and ADMS - advancing automation, resilience, scalability across core business platforms.

* Selected by a leading life and health insurer in Asia-Pacific region for a multi-year Application Management Services (AMS) engagement, modernizing core and digital platforms through AI-led automation and cloud first transformation to enhance operational efficiency and scalability.

* Selected by a leading European fintech and HR solutions provider with operations across multiple countries to establish a new offshore delivery center in India. The engagement focuses on driving the development of next-generation applications with the setup of a GCC under Built-Operate-Transfer (BOT) model - strengthening the client's global delivery capabilities and future ready operations.

* Partnered with a leading US based telecom operator to advance its network testing and certification automation and optimization initiatives under its long-term transformation vision. The engagement focuses on accelerating network testing and certification through a homegrown automation platform, leveraging our delivery excellence and agility to drive greater efficiency, scalability, and innovation across operations.

Business Highlights

* Recognized by the Government of India as a key player in the prestigious Indian AI Mission, aligning with country's objectives to bolster leadership in AI, foster technological self-reliance, and ensure the ethical and responsible use of AI.

* Launched TechM Orion, a Next-Gen agentic AI platform, enabling global enterprises to deploy and manage Agentic AI solutions faster, whether in assisted or fully autonomous environments, while maintaining control and transparency throughout the AI lifecycle.

* TechM Orion Marketplace, an Agentic AI marketplace that offers a robust ecosystem of intelligent, autonomous and action-oriented AI agents, engineered to centralize AI governance, reduce the cognitive load on employees.

* 300+ AI Agents at Scale: TechM's Agentic AI portfolio powers hybrid workforces across industries.

* 79K+ employees across the company trained in AI, several of these with advance training and certifications.

* Tech Mahindra has partnered with NVIDIA to accelerate enterprise AI transformation. Combining NVIDIA's accelerated computing stack with Tech Mahindra's integration expertise, the collaboration enables autonomous operations, faster decision-making, measurable business impact, and scalable AI adoption across industries.

* Tech Mahindra and AMD have entered a multi-year collaboration to accelerate AI adoption and hybrid cloud transformation across global enterprises. By integrating AMD's high-performance compute infrastructure with Tech Mahindra's Cloud BlazeTech, the partnership aims to optimize workloads and deliver scalable, secure, and efficient solutions across industries.

* Tech Mahindra has joined J.P. Morgan Payments' System Integrator Program to help global enterprises modernize payment infrastructure and enhance customer experiences. Leveraging its ERP and SAP expertise, Tech Mahindra will support real-time tracking, AI-powered dashboards, and global deployment of next-gen payment solutions.

Awards and Recognitions

* Received the 2025 Entrepreneur India Award for Entrepreneur of the Year in Service Business – SaaS & IT.

* Won 5 Gold medals at the Brandon Hall HCM Excellence Awards 2025 – Talent Management, Human Resources, Learning & Development and Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging.

* Awarded the ‘HYSEA Sustainable Development Award 2025’ reaffirming innovative and impactful initiatives in the category of Environment.

* Recognized as one of the ‘Most Trusted Companies’ at VAR India Most Trusted Companies 2025.

* Recognized as one of the ‘Best Tech Brands’ at ET NOW Best Tech Brands for 2025.

Analyst Ratings & Recognitions

* Recognized as an Emerging Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Emerging Market Quadrant for Generative AI Consulting and Implementation Services

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Consulting and Advisory Services- US by ISG

* Leader - Application Development Services for AI Applications PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader- Application Transformation Services for AI-enablement PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Development Outsourcing- APAC by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Managed Services- APAC and Global Sis Brazil by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Quality Assurance- APAC and Brazil by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Continuous Testing Specialists- US by ISG

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Implementation and Integration Services – US by ISG

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Managed Services for Converged IT and Business Ops- US by ISG

* Leader - 5G Network Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - 5G Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Recognized with the 2025 Asia-Pacific Technology Innovation Leadership Award in Business Process Management by Frost & Sullivan.

* Horizon 3 – Market Leaders - Digital Marketing and Sales Services Capabilities, 2025 by HFS

* Leader - VMware Ecosystem 2025-Build and Modernize IT Foundations- Global by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Professional Services- US and APAC by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Managed Services- U.K, US, and APAC by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Enterprise Data Modernization and AI Services- U.K and US by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS SAP Workloads - U.K and US by ISG

* Emerging Leader - Talent Readiness for Next-generation Cloud Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Gartner

* Leader - Talent Readiness for Next-generation Cloud Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - Contact Center - Customer Experience Services 2025 -Digital Operations Global and Australia by ISG

* Leader - Contact Center - Customer Experience Services 2025 -Intelligent Operations- Australia by ISG

* Leader - Future of Work Services 2025-Managed End-user Technology Services - Mid Market- US by ISG

https://www.techmahindra.com/insights/press-releases/techmahindra-q2-fy26-results/

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU)

Corporate Profile

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU) is a global provider of Digital Business Transformation, Digital Engineering, and Information Technology (IT) outsourcing services that accelerate our clients’ journey to their Digital Future. Virtusa serves Global 2000 companies in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Telecommunications, Media, Entertainment, Travel, Manufacturing, and Technology industries.

Using a combination of digital strategy, digital engineering, business implementation, and IT platform modernization services, Virtusa helps clients execute successful end-to-end digital business transformation initiatives.

Virtusa engages its clients to re-imagine their business models and develop strategies to defend and grow their business by introducing innovative products and services, developing distinctive digital consumer experiences, creating operational efficiency using digital labor, developing operational and IT platforms for the future, and rationalizing and modernizing their existing IT applications infrastructure. As a result, its clients are simultaneously able to drive business growth through digital-first customer experiences, while also consolidating and modernizing their IT application infrastructure to support digital business transformation.

Holding a proven record of success across industries, Virtusa readily understands its clients' business challenges and uses its domain expertise to deliver innovative applications of technology to address its clients’ critical business challenges. Examples include building the world's largest property & casualty claims modernization program; one of the largest corporate customer portals for a premier global bank; an order to cash implementation for a multinational telecommunications provider; and digital transformation initiatives for media and banking companies.

Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Massachusetts, Virtusa has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia.

https://www.virtusa.com/investors/

Requesting financial reports

On December 17, 2020, Virtusa Corporation (the “Company”) and Virtusa HoldCo, Inc. issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior notes due 2028 and on February 15, 2022, the Company and Virtusa HoldCo, Inc. issued an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior noted due 2028 (collectively, the “notes”) in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Company will make annual, quarterly and interim reports available in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the notes. The reports will be made available only to holders of the notes, prospective investors of the notes, securities analysts and market makers that, in each case, have returned an executed “Request for Information and Confidentially Agreement” available here. Any person requesting access to such reports is required to (i) keep confidential and not disclose or reveal such reports (and the information contained therein) and (ii) not use such reports and the information contained therein for any purpose other than their evaluation of their investment in the notes.

https://www.virtusa.com/investors

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO)

Overview

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 200,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.

https://www.wipro.com/about-us/

16/10/2025

Wipro announces results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Large deal booking at $2.9Bn, grew 90.5% YoY, overall deal bookings at $4.7Bn

Revenue grew 0.3% QoQ in CC terms; Net income growth of 1.2% YoY

Q2’26 adjusted operating margin at 17.2%, expands 0.4% YoY

Operating cash flows at 103.8% of net income EAST

BRUNSWICK, N.J. | BANGALORE, India – October 16, 2025: Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO), a leading technology services and consulting company, announced financial results under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.

Highlights of the Results

Results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025:

* Gross revenue at ?227.0 billion ($2,556.6 million1), increase of 2.5% QoQ and 1.8% YoY.

* IT services segment revenue was at $2,604.3 million, increase of 0.7% QoQ and decrease of 2.1% YoY.

* Non-GAAP2 constant currency IT Services segment revenue increased 0.3% QoQ and decreased 2.6% YoY.

* Total bookings3 was at $4,688 million, down by 6.1% QoQ and up by 30.9% YoY in constant currency2. Large deal bookings4 was at $2,853 million, an increase of 6.7% QoQ and 90.5% YoY in constant currency2.

* IT services operating margin5 for Q2’26 was 16.7%, impacted by a provision of ?1,165 million ($13.1 million1) made with respect to bankruptcy of a customer. Adjusted for this event, IT Services Margin for the quarter was 17.2%, contraction of 0.1% QoQ and expansion of 0.4% YoY.

* Net income for the quarter was at ?32.5 billion ($365.6 million1), decrease of 2.5% QoQ and increase of 1.2% YoY. 7. Earnings per share for the quarter at ?3.1 ($0.031), decrease of 2.5% QoQ and increase of 1.0% YoY.

8. Operating cash flows of ?33.9 billion ($381.5 million1), decrease of 17.6% QoQ and 20.7% YoY and at 103.8% of Net Income for the quarter.

9. Voluntary attrition was at 14.9% on a trailing 12-month basis.

Outlook for the Quarter ending December 31, 2025

We expect revenue from our IT Services business segment to be in the range of $2,591 million to $2,644 million*. This translates to sequential guidance of (-)0.5% to (+)1.5% in constant currency terms. The guidance stated above does not include any expected revenue from the recently announced acquisition of Harman Digital Transformation Solutions.

*Outlook for the Quarter ending December 31, 2025, is based on the following exchange rates: GBP/USD at 1.35, Euro/USD at 1.16, AUD/USD at 0.65, USD/INR at 87.21 and CAD/USD at 0.72

Performance for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Srini Pallia, CEO and Managing Director, said “Our revenue momentum is strengthening, with Europe and APMEA returning to growth, and our operating margins holding steady within the narrow band. Bookings surpassed $9.5 billion for H1 FY26. Our strategy is clear: remain resilient, adapt to global shifts, and lead with AI. I am excited to bring Wipro Intelligence™ to our clients, helping them scale confidently and shape the future in an AI-first world.”

Aparna Iyer, Chief Financial Officer, said “We are gradually returning to growth trajectory with three of our four SMUs growing sequentially in Q2. All key financial parameters continue to remain strong. Our large deal bookings in the first two quarters have now surpassed the large deal booking for full year FY’25. Our adjusted margins for Q2 expanded by 0.4% YoY. EPS for the quarter grew 1% YoY. Lastly, our cash flow conversion continues to remain strong with operating cash flow at 104% of our net income for Q2.”

IT Products

1. IT Products segment revenue for the quarter was ?1.1 billion ($12.7 million1)

2. IT Products segment results for the quarter were ?0.1 billion ($1.1 million1)

For full release, see:

https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2fy26/press-release-q2fy26.pdf

Document ACQIND0020260114em1e0002o




Plan México turns 1: What Sheinbaum’s economic package has delivered so far

1,842 words
13 January 2026
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2026 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

A year ago today, President Claudia Sheinbaum presented Plan México, an ambitious economic initiative with 13 goals.

Twelve months on from that presentation, what progress has been made toward achieving the goals by 2030, the final year of Sheinbaum’s six-year presidency?

The Mexico City-based think tank México ¿cómo vamos? (MCV) considered that question in a report published last Thursday. This article is informed by the report, titled “A un año del Plan México, ¿cómo vamos?” (One year into Plan México, how are we doing?)

MCV looks at six of the 13 Plan México goals, delivering a report card that is far from flattering

A future Mexico News Daily article will evaluate the progress that has been made toward the attainment of the other seven goals.

While the federal government has set 13 Plan México goals, it is important to note that the plan itself is not set in stone. Instead, it will be modified to adapt to the prevailing economic and geopolitical conditions, and the government will also seek to enhance it with complementary initiatives.

Indeed, the plan was strengthened last April with the announcement of 18 related “programs and actions,” including commitments to accelerate the construction of public infrastructure projects and homes, and to increase domestic production of a range of goods, including vehicles, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and petrochemicals.

Goal 1: To make Mexico the world’s 10th-largest economy by 2030

According to data from the World Bank, Mexico is the world’s 13th-largest economy.

Its goal of becoming the 10th-largest economy didn’t get off to a great start in 2025 as economic growth significantly slowed.

Final data for 2025 has not yet been released, but the International Monetary Fund forecast last October that Mexico would record a GDP growth rate of just 1%.

“Due to the [0.2%] contraction recorded in the third quarter, even 1% appears optimistic,” MCV wrote.

Annual economic growth in the first nine months of 2025 was just 0.4%, according to the national statistics agency INEGI.

MCV highlighted that the economy of Brazil — currently the world’s 10th largest economy — was projected to grow at 2.4% in 2025, easily outpacing the rate of growth in Mexico.

According to MCV’s traffic light system — based on the most recent official data — the “economic growth light” is currently red, the worst of three possible ratings.

Goal 2: To keep investment levels above 25% of GDP from 2026

Given that 2026 just started, the attainment (or otherwise) of this goal cannot yet be measured.

To achieve the goal this year, the level of investment as a percentage of GDP — including public investment, domestic private investment and  foreign direct investment — will have to increase from the percentage recorded in late 2025.

Capital flight from Mexico, a problem since April, slowed at the end of 2025

“Capital flight from Mexico, a problem since April, slowed at the end of 2025” — Mexico News Daily

MCV wrote that investment levels declined from 24.8% of GDP in the third quarter of 2024 to 22% of GDP in the third quarter of last year.

The think tank added that its “investment traffic light” changed from green to yellow in the period.

MCV also wrote that the fulfillment of Goal 2 is “fundamental to position Mexico among the world’s 10 largest economies (Goal 1), create 1.5 million additional jobs in advanced manufacturing and strategic sectors (Goal 3) and increase by 15% the national [Mexican] added value in global value chains [used by manufacturers in Mexico] (Goal 5).”

Goal 3: To create 1.5 million additional jobs in manufacturing and other strategic sectors

Citing “transformation industry” data from the Mexican Social Security Institute (IMSS), MCV noted that 127,200 jobs in that sector (which includes manufacturing) were lost in 2025, the worst result since 2008 amid the global financial crisis.

Based on that data, the goal of adding 1.5 million additional jobs in manufacturing and other strategic sectors appears even more distant now than it did a year ago.

The loss of jobs occurred even as the value of Mexico’s exports — which is mainly derived from the shipment abroad of manufactured goods — continued to grow.

MCV also noted that 278,697 IMSS-affiliated formal  jobs were created in 2025.

The figure, the think tank highlighted, is “far from the national goal of creating 1.2 million jobs per year.”

Consequently, MCV’s “job creation traffic light” is currently red.

Goal 5: To increase by 15% the use of national content in products made in various sectors

In January 2025, Sheinbaum said that the goal was to increase by 15% the use of domestically made content in products made by the following sectors: automotive, aerospace, electronics, semiconductors, pharmaceuticals and chemicals.

According to data from INEGI, the percentage of domestic content in products made in Mexico by export-oriented companies increased to 44.2% in 2024 from 42.6% in 2023.

Data for 2025 has not yet been released, and therefore, progress on this goal within the context of Plan México can not yet be assessed.

To achieve a 15-point increase in national content in manufactured goods in the six years from 2025 to 2030, an average annual increase of 2.5 percentage points is required, significantly higher than the 1.6-point increase recorded in 2024.

MCV wrote that “achieving Goal 5 requires accelerating investment, ensuring

sufficient energy at competitive prices, integrating small and medium-sized companies [into the production chain] and consolidating an industrial policy that transforms Mexican companies into key players in the North American co-production model.”

The think tank said that its “export value added traffic light” remains at yellow, as its view is that “at least 50%” of content in products made in Mexico should be sourced within the country.

Goal 8: To reduce the average time between an investment announcement and the execution of a project from 2.6 years to 1 year

According to the federal government, the achievement of this goal will be supported by a 50% reduction in the bureaucratic procedures investors have to complete in order to commence a project.

MCV wrote that achieving the goal remains a “challenge” in Mexico, but did not say whether any progress had been made in 2025.

On a positive note, the Sheinbaum administration has set up a “National Digital Window for Investments” ( Ventanilla Digital Nacional de Inversiones ), a website touted as a “one-stop shop” for investing in Mexico. Its aim is to simplify the bureaucratic procedures investors have to complete and consequently reduce the time between the lodging of an application for the approval of a project and the granting of the relevant permits.

In its report, MCV wrote that the competitiveness of Mexico depends on a variety of other factors beyond expediting the approval of investment projects.

“To be among the most competitive countries in the world, a solid rule of law, legal certainty, respect for human rights, human capital, and preservation of natural resources, among other things, are required,” the think tank said.

In 2025, MCV added, Mexico ranked 55th out of 69 countries in IMD Business School’s 2025 World Competitiveness Rankings. Mexico fared particularly poorly in the “government efficiency” category, ranking 62nd out of the 69 countries.

Due to Mexico’s position on the rankings, MCV’s “competitiveness traffic light” is currently red.

Goal 13: To reduce poverty and inequality

When she presented Plan México a year ago, Sheinbaum said that this goal was a “substantive,” or overarching, one.

Data published by INEGI last year showed that more than 13 million people were lifted out of poverty in Mexico between 2018 and 2024, a period that obviously precedes the announcement of Plan México.

In its report, MCV noted that the percentage of the Mexican population in a situation of pobreza laboral — i.e., they have jobs but still live in poverty — declined to 34.3% in the third quarter of 2025 from 35.1% a year earlier.

However, “an estimated 44.9 million Mexicans [still] live in a situation where their household income is insufficient to purchase the basic food basket for all … [household] members,” the think tank wrote.

Cost of Mexico’s ‘basic food basket’ is up 4.4% in urban areas

“Cost of Mexico’s ‘basic food basket’ is up 4.4% in urban areas” — Mexico News Daily

While modest progress was made in reducing pobreza laboral in the 12 months to the end of September 2025, the government — a self-styled champion of Mexico’s poor — still has a lot of work to do.

MCV noted that its “pobreza laboral traffic light” is yellow, adding that the goal is for “less than 20.5% of the population” to be in a situation in which their income is “insufficient to purchase the basic food basket for all members of the home.”

Of course, having no one living in a situation of pobreza laboral would be a more desirable situation.

Among the ways in which the federal government is aiming to reduce poverty in Mexico is by significantly increasing the minimum wage on an annual basis ( 13% in 2026 ) and providing an array of social and welfare programs to citizens.

Last August, Sheinbaum said that the reduction in poverty between 2018 and 2024 was the result of the increase in the minimum wage in recent years — it almost tripled during former president Andrés Manuel López Obrador’s term — government welfare programs and “access to rights” for citizens.

She will be hoping that her government — through Plan México and other initiatives — can achieve similar success.

MCV’s recipe for Plan México success

MCV’s assessment of the progress toward the attainment of the six above-mentioned goals underscores the ambitiousness of Plan México. Indeed, achieving some of the goals appears more difficult now than it did when Sheinbaum announced the plan on Jan. 13, 2025.

At the very end of its 14-page report, MCV wrote that it has established a “clear diagnosis” of the situation in Mexico a year after the announcement of Plan México, and set out a course of action to improve it.

“Mexico needs more investment to grow [economically] and to create quality jobs that will enable us to be more competitive in high value-added industries and to offer higher wages in order to reduce poverty and inequality,” the think tank said.

“Mexico can advance … [toward the achievement of] these goals if we provide greater legal certainty, openness to investment in the energy sector, and a more robust rule of law,” MCV wrote.

Achieving those goals will create the “essential conditions to trigger a virtuous circle of investment, economic growth, quality employment and social progress,” the think tank said.

ByMexico News Daily chief staff writer Peter Davies (peter.davies@mexiconewsdaily.com)

The post Plan México turns 1: What Sheinbaum’s economic package has delivered so far appeared first on Mexico News Daily

Document MXNDEN0020260114em1d00008




CE Noticias Financieras English
UN projects 1.3% increase in Mexico's GDP in 2026; review of USMCA will be key

420 words
13 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City.- The review of the USMCA scheduled for the first half of 2026 has been a factor of uncertainty for Mexico, which both this year and last year will grow below the regional average, so "an expedited negotiation process with clear rules will undoubtedly be favorable for attracting investment," said Ramón Padilla, research coordinator at the regional headquarters of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC).

The United Nations (UN) released its global economic outlook on Tuesday, projecting that Mexico's gross domestic product (GDP) growth will rise from 0.4 percent in 2025 to 1.3 percent in 2026, "reflecting a recovery in investment and private consumption as fiscal and monetary policies become more favorable."

Although the UN sees this 0.4 percent advance as "resilience" on the part of the Mexican economy in the face of a more restrictive macroeconomic environment and higher and more volatile tariffs on the part of the United States, it also shows growth below the regional average.

Although the economies of Central America are also highly dependent on the US for exports, investment, and remittances, Mexico's economy will grow below the average of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, and the Dominican Republic, Padilla said during the presentation of the World Economic Situation and Prospects.

The researcher explained that tariffs have not yet significantly damaged the volume of Mexican exports to the United States because 80 percent are covered by the USMCA (United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement), but regardless of the outcome of the negotiations, the country faces challenges ranging from low productivity—which is practically stagnant—to high levels of informal employment and insecurity.

He added that, in this regard, Mexico must continue to strengthen its attractiveness for foreign direct investment, beyond its network of trade agreements.

Regarding inflation, the UN report highlights Mexico's response to the 2021-2023 inflation episode with an anticipated increase in rates by the central bank, "while the government maintained fiscal discipline, complemented by significant increases in the minimum wage and specific price controls for a basket of essential foods, negotiated with the private sector."

According to the organization, these combined policies provided protection for households against inflation, strengthened expectations, and helped reduce food price increases. In particular, the increase in minimum wages, together with the process of price deceleration, helped protect the purchasing power of wages, it noted.

Document NFINCE0020260114em1d000gz




Gobierno Federal de Mexico - Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 13, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 13, 2026 at 21:36 UTC. 
28,859 words
13 January 2026
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2026. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Table of Contents

Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)

Registration No. 333-289967

                                                            
Prospectus SupplementTo Prospectus dated August 29, 2025    


United Mexican States

€2,000,000,000 3.875% Global Notes due 2031

€1,750,000,000 4.875% Global Notes due 2036

€1,000,000,000 5.375% Global Notes due 2040

The 3.875% Global Notes due 2031 (the "2031 notes") will mature on May 16, 2031. The 4.875% Global Notes due 2036 (the "2036 notes") will mature on May 16, 2036. The 5.375% Global Notes due 2040 (the "2040 notes") will mature on May 16, 2040. We refer to the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes collectively as the "notes." Mexico will pay interest on the notes on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027. Mexico may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, before maturity on the terms described herein. The notes will not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking or similar fund. The offering of each series of notes pursuant to this prospectus supplement is independent of each offering of the other series of notes, and they are not conditioned on each other.

The notes will be issued under an indenture, and each of the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes constitutes a separate series under the indenture. The indenture contains provisions regarding future modifications to the terms of the notes that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Under these provisions, which are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, Mexico may amend the payment provisions of the notes and other reserved matters listed in the indenture with the consent of the holders of: (1) with respect to a single series of notes, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of such series; (2) with respect to two or more series of notes, if certain "uniformly applicable" requirements are met, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate; or (3) with respect to two or more series of notes, more than 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate, and more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series affected by the proposed modification, taken individually.

Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF"). Application will also be made to the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange") for the notes to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's International Securities Market (the "ISM") and the London Stock Exchange's Sustainable Bond Market (the "SBM"). No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained.

Neither the Euro MTF nor the ISM is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"). The ISM is a market designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading on the ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. The London Stock Exchange has not approved or verified the contents of this prospectus supplement.

Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) Notification.

The notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined whether this prospectus supplement or the related prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the National Securities Registry ( Registro Nacional de Valores ) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission ( Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores , or "CNBV"), and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors that qualify as accredited or institutional investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law ( Ley del Mercado de Valores ) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

                                                                                                                                                                         
                            Price to Public(1)                     Underwriting Discount                   Proceeds to Mexico,before expenses(1)   
Per 2031 note                                    99.893%                                       0.150%                                                    99.743%         
Total for the 2031 notes    €                    1,997,860,000                             €   3,000,000                                             €   1,994,860,000   
Per 2036 note                                    99.641%                                       0.170%                                                    99.471%         
Total for the 2036 notes    €                    1,743,717,500                             €   2,975,000                                             €   1,740,742,500   
Per 2040 note                                    99.354%                                       0.170%                                                    99.184%         
Total for the 2040 notes    €                    993,540,000                               €   1,700,000                                             €   991,840,000     


(1)

Plus accrued interest, if any, from January 16, 2026 to the date of settlement, which is expected to be January 16, 2026.

The notes will be ready for delivery in book-entry form only through the facilities of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") against payment on or about January 16, 2026.

Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

Joint Bookrunners

                                                                             
BBVA     Santander     BNP PARIBAS     Citigroup     Crédit Agricole CIB    Société GénéraleCorporate & Investment Banking


January 12, 2026

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                  
Prospectus Supplement                             
                                  
                                    Page   
About this Prospectus Supplement           S-2    
Forward-Looking Statements                 S-5    
Summary                                    S-6    
Risk Factors                               S-11   
Use of Proceeds                            S-13   
Description of the Notes                   S-14   
Taxation                                   S-19   
Recent Developments                        S-20   
Plan of Distribution                       S-47   


                                                   
Prospectus                                         
                                     
                                       Page   
About this Prospectus                         1    
Forward-Looking Statements                    3    
Use of Proceeds                               4    
Risk Factors                                  5    
Description of the Securities                 10   
Taxation                                      25   
Plan of Distribution                          33   
Official Statements                           34   
Validity of the Securities                    35   
Authorized Representative                     36   
Where You Can Find More Information           36   


Mexico is a foreign sovereign state. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors to obtain or realize upon judgments of courts in the United States against Mexico. See "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-1

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

This prospectus supplement supplements the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, relating to Mexico's debt securities and warrants. If the information in this prospectus supplement differs from the information contained in the prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement.

You should read this prospectus supplement along with the corresponding prospectus. Both documents contain information you should consider when making your investment decision. Mexico is responsible for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and in any related free-writing prospectus or prospectus supplement that Mexico prepares or authorizes. Mexico has not authorized anyone else to provide you with any other information and takes no responsibility for any other information that others may give you. Mexico and the underwriters are offering to sell the notes and seeking offers to buy the notes only in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is current only as of the dates of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, respectively.

Mexico is furnishing this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus solely for use by prospective investors in connection with their consideration of a purchase of the notes. Mexico confirms that:

•

the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is true and correct in all material respects and is not misleading;

•

it has not omitted other facts the omission of which makes this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus as a whole misleading; and

•

it accepts responsibility for the information it has provided in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus.

This prospectus supplement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Mexico and the underwriters do not represent that this prospectus supplement may be lawfully distributed, or that any notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by Mexico or the underwriters which would permit a public offering of the notes or distribution of this prospectus supplement in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than the United States of America. Accordingly, no notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this prospectus supplement nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the underwriters have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this prospectus supplement comes are required by Mexico and the underwriters to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay, see the sections entitled "Plan of Distribution" in this prospectus supplement and "Plan of Distribution" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-2

Table of Contents

In connection with the issuance of the notes, Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the "Stabilizing Manager") (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) may over-allot notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time but must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the notes. Any stabilization action or overallotment must be conducted by the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale (together, the "EU manufacturers") product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the EU manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or refining the EU manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

S-3

Table of Contents

UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Société Générale and BNP PARIBAS (together, the "UK manufacturers") product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the UK manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or refining the UK manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

This prospectus supplement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"), or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.

S-4

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This prospectus supplement may contain forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Mexico's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Mexico undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Mexico cautions you that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:

•

Adverse external factors, such as high international interest rates, low oil prices, measures restricting exports and imports, a prevailing global inflationary environment and recession or low growth in Mexico's trading partners. High international interest rates could increase Mexico's expenditures, low oil prices could decrease the Mexican Government's revenues and recession or low growth in Mexico's main trading partners or restrictions on trade could lead to fewer exports and availability of foreign currencies to service debt. A combination of these factors could negatively affect Mexico's current account.

•

Instability or volatility in the international financial markets. This could lead to domestic volatility, making it more complicated for the Mexican Government to achieve its macroeconomic goals. This could also lead to declines in foreign investment inflows, including portfolio investment in particular.

•

Adverse domestic factors, such as the implementation of legislation impacting foreign investment, domestic inflation, high domestic interest rates, exchange rate volatility and political uncertainty. Each of these could lead to lower growth in Mexico, declines in foreign direct and portfolio investment and potentially lower international reserves.

•

Global or national health considerations, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as the coronavirus pandemic.

S-5

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus. It does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement.

Issuer The United Mexican States Issue Date January 16, 2026 Specified Currency Euro (€) Authorized Denominations €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof Form

Registered; Book-Entry.

Each series of the notes will be represented by a single global note, without interest coupons, in registered form, to be deposited on or about the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream.

Regular Record Date Close of business on the Business Day preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date Status The notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged. The notes of each series rank and will rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico. It is understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness. 2031 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount €2,000,000,000 Issue Price 99.893%, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 16, 2026 Maturity Date May 16, 2031 Interest Rate 3.875% per annum, accruing from January 16, 2026 Interest Payment Date Annually on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027

S-6

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2031 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to April 16, 2031 (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2031 notes) (the "2031 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined herein), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2031 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case, interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2031 notes to the date of redemption. For further information, see "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2031 notes" in this prospectus supplement.

2036 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount €1,750,000,000 Issue Price 99.641%, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 16, 2026 Maturity Date May 16, 2036 Interest Rate 4.875% per annum, accruing from January 16, 2026 Interest Payment Date Annually on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027

Optional Redemption

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2036 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February 16, 2036 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2036 notes) (the "2036 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined herein), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2036 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case, interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2036 notes to the date of redemption. For further information, see "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2036 notes" in this prospectus supplement.

2040 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount €1,000,000,000 Issue Price 99.354%, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 16, 2026 Maturity Date May 16, 2040 Interest Rate 5.375% per annum, accruing from January 16, 2026 Interest Payment Date Annually on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027 Optional Redemption

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2040 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February 16, 2040 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2040 notes) (the "2040 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined herein), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2040 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case, interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2040 notes to the date of redemption. For further information, see "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2040 notes" in this prospectus supplement.

S-7

Table of Contents

Optional Repayment Holders of the notes will not have the option to elect repayment by Mexico before the maturity dates of the notes. Use of Proceeds

Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico.

For further information, see "Use of Proceeds."

Eligible Sustainable Expenditures In 2026, Mexico published the latest version of its framework (the "Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework") for the issuance of bonds ("SDG Sovereign Bonds") that is aligned with the United Nations' SDGs (as defined below). The Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework is aligned with the International Capital Market Association's ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, each updated as of June 2025, and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines, updated as of June 2021. Mexico intends to allocate an amount of budgetary resources equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund budgetary programs that qualify as eligible expenditures under the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework and that are included in Mexico's federal budget for the fiscal year 2026. For further information, see "Use of Proceeds." Underwriters

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

Banco Santander, S.A.

BNP PARIBAS

Citigroup Global Markets Limited

Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank

Société Générale

Listing Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has allocated to Mexico the number 2395 for listing purposes. Application will also be made to the London Stock Exchange for the notes to be admitted to trading on the ISM and the SBM. Neither the Euro MTF nor the ISM is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or UK MiFIR. No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained.

S-8

Table of Contents

Luxembourg Stock Exchange Legal Entity Identifier 254900EGTWEU67VP6075 Securities Codes 2031 notes:

ISIN: XS3265539729

Common Code: 326553972

2036 notes:

ISIN: XS3265540909

Common Code: 326554090

2040 notes:

ISIN: XS3276212035

Common Code: 327621203

Trustee, Principal Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar, Authenticating Agent and Exchange Rate Agent

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

Luxembourg Listing Agent

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts Subject to certain exceptions, Mexico will make all payments on the notes without withholding or deducting any Mexican taxes. Under Mexican law, Mexico is not required to make any such withholding or deduction. For further information, see "Description of the Securities-Additional Amounts" in the corresponding prospectus. Taxation Payments of principal or interest under the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes made to holders of such notes that are non-resident of Mexico for tax purposes will not be subject to Mexican withholding or similar taxes. Further Issues Mexico may from time to time, without the consent of holders of each series of notes, as the case may be, increase the size of the issue of the notes, or issue additional notes of such series having the same terms and conditions as the notes of such series in all respects, except for the issue date, issue price and first payment on those additional notes. Additional notes issued in this manner will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously outstanding notes of such series. Any additional notes subsequently issued that for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) are not issued pursuant to a "qualified reopening" of the notes, (ii) are not treated as part of the same "issue" as the notes, and (iii) are not issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount shall have a separate ISIN, common code or other identifying number from the previously outstanding notes of such series. Payment of Principal and Interest Principal of and interest on the notes, except as described below, will be payable by Mexico to the Paying Agent in euros. Holders of the notes will not have the option to elect to receive payments in U.S. dollars.

S-9

Table of Contents

If Mexico determines that euros are not available for making payments on the notes due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond Mexico's control, then payments on the notes shall be made in U.S. dollars until Mexico determines that euros are again available for making these payments. In these circumstances, U.S. dollar payments in respect of the notes will be made at a rate determined by the exchange rate agent in accordance with the Exchange Rate Agency Agreement between Mexico and the exchange rate agent. Any payment made under such circumstances in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the notes. Governing Law New York; provided, however, that all matters governing Mexico's authorization and execution of the indenture and the notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Mexico. Notwithstanding any authorization or any reserved matter modification, all matters related to the consent of holders and to modifications of the indenture or the notes will always be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Additional Provisions The notes will contain provisions regarding future modifications to their terms that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Those provisions are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025. Stabilization In connection with the issuance of each series of notes, the underwriters or any person acting for the underwriters may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of each series of notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the issue date. However, there is no obligation of any of the underwriters or any agent of the underwriters to do this. Any such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Stabilizing Manager

Citigroup Global Markets Limited

S-10

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors supplement the information contained under "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus. You should consult your financial and legal advisors about the risks of investing in the notes and the suitability of your investment in light of your particular situation. Mexico disclaims any responsibility for advising you on these matters.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will improve or remain stable, or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled by the rating agencies.

Mexico's long-term public external indebtedness is currently rated investment grade by the three leading rating agencies. On April 16, 2025, Fitch affirmed its BBB- rating with a stable outlook. On May 22, 2025, Moody's affirmed its Baa2 rating with a negative outlook. On September 8, 2025, S&P reaffirmed its BBB rating with a stable outlook.

Ratings address the creditworthiness of Mexico and the likelihood of timely payment of Mexico's long-term debt securities. Ratings are not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell securities and may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time. Mexico's current ratings and the rating outlooks currently assigned to it depend, in part, on economic conditions and other factors that affect credit risk and are outside the control of Mexico, as well as assessments of the creditworthiness of its productive state-owned enterprises. Certain ratings agencies may also downgrade the credit ratings of Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), a state-owned public company of Mexico (empresa pública del estado), as they have in the past, and their assessment of PEMEX's creditworthiness may affect Mexico's credit ratings. On September 8, 2025, Moody's upgraded PEMEX's rating from B3 to B1 with a stable outlook. On October 2, 2025, Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will be maintained or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled. Any credit rating downgrade, suspension or cancellation may have an adverse effect on the market price and the trading of the notes.

Changes in the interest rate environment could adversely impact the trading price of the notes.

We expect that the trading price of the notes will depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the interest rate environment.

If interest rates, or expected future interest rates, rise during the terms of the notes, the price of the notes will likely decrease. The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of the notes. Because interest rates and interest rate expectations are influenced by a wide variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that changes in interest rates or interest rate expectations will not adversely affect the trading price of the notes.

Geopolitical developments, such as the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, could have a material adverse effect on Mexico's economy and its ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

The Russia-Ukraine conflict contributed to the upward pressure on global prices for certain commodities, including oil and gas and grains, and affected conditions in the international capital markets. The effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict could materially affect the prices of certain commodities critical to the performance of the Mexican economy. Further, while the full extent of the impact of the conflict in the Middle East remains to be seen as of the date of this prospectus supplement, the effects of these ongoing conflicts could result in economic uncertainty and upward inflationary pressure, and, as a result, negatively affect the performance of the Mexican economy or Mexico's ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

S-11

Table of Contents

There can be no assurances that Mexico will make disbursements for projects with the specific characteristics described in the "Use of Proceeds" section in an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes.

The examples of projects provided in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this prospectus supplement and the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework are for illustrative purposes only, and no assurance can be provided that Mexico will make disbursements for projects with these specific characteristics in an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes. There can be no assurance that any projects will meet investor expectations regarding green and/or social performance. In addition, there is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project or series of notes to be defined as "green," "social" or "sustainable" and therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that selected projects will meet all investor expectations regarding green and/or social performance. Furthermore, no assurance is given that the notes will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future taxonomies, standards and/or other regulatory or index inclusion criteria or voluntary guidelines with which an investor or its investments may be expected to comply, including but not limited to the taxonomy established pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 18, 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment or the European Union Green Bond standard established pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 22, 2023. Adverse green and social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of the projects, or the projects may be subject to controversy or to criticism by activist groups or other stakeholders.

No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Mexico) in connection with the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework or the notes. No such opinion or certification is, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by Mexico, any underwriter or any other person to buy, sell or hold any notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no such opinion or certification is, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into this prospectus supplement.

Although the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework contemplates certain practices with respect to reporting and use of proceeds, any failure by Mexico to conform to these practices does not constitute or give rise to a breach or an event of default under the notes. Any failure by Mexico to allocate an amount of budgetary resources equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of the notes as set forth in the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework, or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of socially focused investors with respect to the notes, or any withdrawal or modification of any third party opinion or certification, may affect the value of the notes and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in "social" or "sustainable" assets.

None of the underwriters is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of the notes or Mexico's expenditures, including Mexico's budgetary expenditures to fund certain projects as provided in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this prospectus supplement.

S-12

Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately €4,727,117,500, after the deduction of the underwriting discounts and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately €325,000. Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico, including the refinancing, repurchase or retirement of domestic and/or external indebtedness.

Eligible Sustainable Expenditures

In January 2026, Mexico published the latest version of its Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework for the issuance of SDG Sovereign Bonds as part of its commitment to implementing the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations General Assembly in 2015 for the year 2030 (the "SDGs"). The Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework is aligned with the ICMA's Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, each updated as of June 2025, and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines updated as of June 2021. Mexico intends to allocate an amount of budgetary resources equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund budgetary programs that qualify as eligible expenditures under the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework (referred to below as Eligible Sustainable Expenditures) and that are included in Mexico's Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación (the "Federal Expenditure Budget" or "PEF") for the fiscal year 2026.

Eligible Sustainable Expenditures are aligned with certain SDGs, as set forth in the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework. The Eligible Sustainable Expenditures for this transaction, as provided in the 2026 PEF, may include tax expenditures (subsidies and tax exemptions), operational expenditures, investments in real assets, maintenance costs for public infrastructure, intangible assets and capital transfers to public or private entities, in one or more of the following categories, among others: food security and sustainable agriculture, health care, education, management of water and sanitation, affordable and clean energy, employment and economic growth, sustainable infrastructure and innovation, reducing inequalities, sustainable cities and communities, circular economy and responsible consumption, and actions for climate adaptation and biodiversity. Under the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework, social budgetary programs that qualify as Eligible Sustainable Expenditures target end-beneficiaries in vulnerable population groups, including those in extreme poverty, the indigenous population, women, the elderly and children.

Pursuant to the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework, Mexico has established a policy to publish annual Sustainable Finance Instrument ("SFI") reporting, comprised of (i) allocation reports providing a breakdown of the composition and amounts of the SFIs for each fiscal year, as well as notional allocations to each Eligible Sustainable Expenditure, and (ii) an annual impact report on sustainable qualitative and quantitative impact indicators and their applicable methodologies, as well as selected case studies of Eligible Sustainable Expenditures , for as long as any SFI remains outstanding. This reporting policy is not a contractual obligation of Mexico, and Mexico may decide to change its reporting policy or not comply with the policy at any time. If Mexico does provide such reports, they will be published on a designated page of the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público's website.

The Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework and any practices contemplated thereunder are not incorporated into this prospectus supplement or the terms of the notes. They do not establish enforceable contractual obligations of Mexico.

S-13

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES

Mexico will issue the notes under an amended and restated indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, as amended by a first supplemental indenture, dated January 24, 2022, between Mexico and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. The information contained in this section summarizes some of the terms of the notes, the indenture and the first supplemental indenture. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you as a potential investor in the notes. You should read the corresponding prospectus, the indenture, the first supplemental indenture and the form of the notes before making your investment decision. Mexico has filed or will file copies of these documents with the SEC and will also file copies of these documents at the offices of the trustee.

Terms of the 2031 notes

The 2031 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January 16, 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of €2,000,000,000;

•

mature on May 16, 2031;

•

bear interest at a rate of 3.875% per year, commencing on January 16, 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2031 notes will be payable annually on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2031 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2031 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be registered in the name of a common depositary for the Euroclear System, or Euroclear, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2031 notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2031 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2031 notes; and

•

be redeemed at par at maturity.

S-14

Table of Contents

Terms of the 2036 notes

The 2036 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January 16, 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of €1,750,000,000;

•

mature on May 16, 2036;

•

bear interest at a rate of 4.875% per year, commencing on January 16, 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2036 notes will be payable annually on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2036 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2036 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be registered in the name of a common depositary for the Euroclear System, or Euroclear, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2036 notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2036 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2036 notes; and

•

be redeemed at par at maturity.

Terms of the 2040 notes

The 2040 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January 16, 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of €1,000,000,000;

•

mature on May 16, 2040;

•

bear interest at a rate of 5.375% per year, commencing on January 16, 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2040 notes will be payable annually on May 16 of each year, commencing on May 16, 2027;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2040 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2040 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be registered in the name of a common depositary for the Euroclear System, or Euroclear, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2040 notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2040 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2040 notes; and

•

be redeemed at par at maturity.

S-15

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption - 2031 notes:

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2031 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to April 16, 2031 (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2031 notes) (the "2031 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2031 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2031 notes to the date of redemption.

"Make-Whole Amount" for this purpose means the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on the 2031 notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued but not paid to the date of redemption), discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2031 notes matured on the 2031 notes Par Call Date) on an annual basis (assuming the actual number of days in a 365- or 366-day year) at the Benchmark Rate (as defined below) plus 25 basis points over (ii) the principal amount of such 2031 notes.

"Benchmark Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated maturity of the Comparable Benchmark Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Benchmark Price (as defined below) for such redemption date.

"Comparable Benchmark Issue" for this purpose means the Bundesanleihe security or securities ("Bund") of the German Government selected by an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the 2031 notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 2031 notes.

"Independent Investment Banker" for this purpose means one of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) appointed by Mexico.

"Comparable Benchmark Price" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Dealer Quotation or (ii) if Mexico obtains fewer than four such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.

"Reference Dealer" for this purpose means each of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale or their affiliates which are dealers of Bund of the German Government, and one other leading dealer of Bund of the German Government designated by Mexico, and their respective successors; provided that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a dealer of Bund of the German Government, Mexico will substitute therefor another dealer of Bund of the German Government.

"Reference Dealer Quotation" for this purpose means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by Mexico, of the bid and ask prices for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to Mexico by such Reference Dealer at 3:30 p.m., Frankfurt, Germany time on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

S-16

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption - 2036 notes:

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2036 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February 16, 2036 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2036 notes) (the "2036 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2036 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2036 notes to the date of redemption.

"Make-Whole Amount" for this purpose means the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on the 2036 notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued but not paid to the date of redemption), discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2036 notes matured on the 2036 notes Par Call Date) on an annual basis (assuming the actual number of days in a 365- or 366-day year) at the Benchmark Rate (as defined below) plus 30 basis points over (ii) the principal amount of such 2036 notes.

"Benchmark Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated maturity of the Comparable Benchmark Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Benchmark Price (as defined below) for such redemption date.

"Comparable Benchmark Issue" for this purpose means the Bundesanleihe security or securities ("Bund") of the German Government selected by an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the 2036 notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 2036 notes.

"Independent Investment Banker" for this purpose means one of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) appointed by Mexico.

"Comparable Benchmark Price" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Dealer Quotation or (ii) if Mexico obtains fewer than four such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.

"Reference Dealer" for this purpose means Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale or their affiliates which are dealers of Bund of the German Government, and one other leading dealer of Bund of the German Government designated by Mexico, and their respective successors; provided that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a dealer of Bund of the German Government, Mexico will substitute therefor another dealer of Bund of the German Government.

"Reference Dealer Quotation" for this purpose means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by Mexico, of the bid and ask prices for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to Mexico by such Reference Dealer at 3:30 p.m., Frankfurt, Germany time on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

S-17

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption - 2040 notes:

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2040 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February 16, 2040 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2040 notes) (the "2040 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2040 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof, plus, in each case interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2040 notes to the date of redemption.

"Make-Whole Amount" for this purpose means the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on the 2040 notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued but not paid to the date of redemption), discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2040 notes matured on the 2040 notes Par Call Date) on an annual basis (assuming the actual number of days in a 365- or 366-day year) at the Benchmark Rate (as defined below) plus 35 basis points over (ii) the principal amount of such 2040 notes.

"Benchmark Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated maturity of the Comparable Benchmark Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Benchmark Price (as defined below) for such redemption date.

"Comparable Benchmark Issue" for this purpose means the Bundesanleihe security or securities ("Bund") of the German Government selected by an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the 2040 notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 2040 notes.

"Independent Investment Banker" for this purpose means one of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) appointed by Mexico.

"Comparable Benchmark Price" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Dealer Quotation or (ii) if Mexico obtains fewer than four such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.

"Reference Dealer" for this purpose means Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale or their affiliates which are dealers of Bund of the German Government, and one other leading dealer of Bund of the German Government designated by Mexico, and their respective successors; provided that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a dealer of Bund of the German Government, Mexico will substitute therefor another dealer of Bund of the German Government.

"Reference Dealer Quotation" for this purpose means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by Mexico, of the bid and ask prices for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to Mexico by such Reference Dealer at 3:30 p.m., Frankfurt, Germany time on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

S-18

Table of Contents

TAXATION

United States Federal Taxation

As the first interest payment date for each series of notes is more than one year after the issue date for such notes, Mexico intends to treat each series of notes as an "Original Issue Discount Debt Security". For a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-United States Federal Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

Mexican Taxation

For a summary of the Mexican federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-Mexican Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-19

Table of Contents

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

The information in this section supplements the information about Mexico corresponding to the headings below that is contained in Exhibit D to Mexico's annual report on Form 18-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 18-K). To the extent that the information included in this section differs from the information set forth in the 2024 Form 18-K, you should rely on the information in this section.

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Form of Government

The Government

The following table provides the distribution, as of the date of this filing, of Congressional seats reflecting the party affiliations of Mexico's senators and deputies.

Table No. 1 - Party Representation in Congress (1)

                                                                                                                             
                                     Senate           Chamber of Deputies   
                                     Seats            % of Total                      Seats       % of Total   
MORENA                                        67                              52.3                253                50.6    
National Action Party                         21                              16.4                70                 14      
Institutional Revolutionary Party             13                              10.2                37                 7.4     
Citizen Movement Party                        6                               4.7                 28                 5.6     
Ecological Green Party of Mexico              14                              10.9                62                 12.4    
Labor Party                                   6                               4.7                 49                 9.8     
Unaffiliated                                  1                               0.8                 1                  0.2     
Total                                         128                             100.0   %           500                100.0   % 
                                                                                                                             


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding. Individual members of Congress may change party affiliations.

(1)

As of January 2, 2026

Source: Senate and Chamber of Deputies.

Criminal Justice

On October 9, 2025 a decree was published in the Diario Oficial de la Federación (Official Gazette) reforming Article 73, Section XXI, item (a), of the Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (the Political Constitution of Mexico, or the Constitution). The reform aims to combat extortion by granting Congress the authority to enact a general law that establishes, at a minimum, a single criminal offense definition for extortion, applicable nationwide and with uniform penalties.

On November 28, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette enacting the Ley General para Prevenir, Investigar y Sancionar los Delitos en Materia de Extorsión (General Law to Prevent, Investigate and Punish Crimes Related to Extortion), and amending, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Código Penal Federal (Federal Criminal Code), the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Penales (National Code of Criminal Procedure), the Ley Federal Contra la Delincuencia Organizada (Federal Law against Organized Crime), the Ley Nacional de Extinción de Dominio (National Law on Asset Forfeiture) and the Ley Orgánica del Poder Judicial de la Federación (Organic Law of the Federal Judiciary). The decree amends and supplements the existing legal framework for the enforcement and prosecution of extortion-related crimes, including (i) modifications to the legal requirements related to jurisdiction, sentencing and aggravating circumstances, (ii) mechanisms for coordination between authorities, (iii) victim protection measures, and (iv) rules for criminal investigation and enforcement, including the creation of a specialized Complaint Response Center.

S-20

Table of Contents

Legal and Political Reforms

On October 16, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming and supplementing various provisions of Ley de Amparo, Reglamentaria de los Artículos 103 y 107 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (Amparo Law, Regulating Articles 103 and 107 of the Political Constitution of Mexico), the Código Fiscal de la Federación (Federal Tax Code) and the Ley Orgánica del Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Organic Law of the Federal Court of Administrative Justice). The reform aims to streamline judicial proceedings, ensure procedural efficiency and improve access to justice by redefining and clarifying legal concepts, including the requirements for standing and injunctive relief, as well as by enabling the use of electronic means for the relevant processes and procedures.

On December 10, 2025, the Reglamento Orgánico de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación (Organic Regulations of the Supreme Court), which regulates the powers of members of the court, its administrative procedures and its organizational structure, was published in the Official Gazette.

On November 19, 2025, the decree reforming the Ley Aduanera (Customs Law) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of combatting evasion and smuggling, and protecting lawful trade. The reform, which came into effect on January 1, 2026, introduces, among other measures, (i) the implementation of digital tools and systems to facilitate customs controls (ii) strengthened oversight responsibilities for customs agents, (iii) higher duties for imports not subject to free trade agreements, (iv) expanded compliance obligations, (v) stricter documentation requirements, and (vi) enhanced digital monitoring across the customs process.

Civil and Regulatory Procedures

On November 14, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming certain provisions of various legal codes in connection with the implementation of the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Civiles y Familiares (National Code of Civil and Family Procedures, or CNPCyF) by local legislatures throughout Mexico.

Internal Security

General

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Internal Regulations of the Ministry of National Defense), including to, among other changes, (i) incorporate the Comandancia de la Guardia Nacional (National Guard Command) into the organizational structure of the Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Ministry of National Defense, or SEDENA), (ii) create the Centro Nacional de Vigilancia y Protección del Espacio Aéreo (National Airspace Surveillance and Protection Center), and (iii) redefine the functions of various related administrative bodies.

Organized Crime, Arms Trafficking and Money Laundering

On November 11, 2025, the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público (Ministry of Finance and Public Credit) through the Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera (Financial Intelligence Unit, or UIF) announced that, as a result of an investigation into suspected money-laundering by alleged organized crime groups, 13 casinos were identified and listed as sanctioned legal entities, pursuant to the financial blocking measures administered by the UIF. As a result of such investigation, the Dirección General de Juegos y Sorteos ordered the suspension of the operations of the aforementioned casinos.

Human Rights

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette establishing rules for the organization and operation of the Sistema Nacional para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres (National System for Equality between Women and Men), including defining its structure, powers and coordination mechanisms, with the aim of promoting substantive equality between women and men in Mexico.

S-21

Table of Contents

Cyber Crimes and Cybersecurity

On December 8, 2025, the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency) published the Plan Nacional de Ciberseguridad (National Cybersecurity Plan), establishing strategic guidelines to, among other aims, (i) strengthen the protection of critical infrastructure, (ii) promote the safe use of digital technologies, (iii) define mechanisms for interinstitutional coordination against cyberthreats, and (iv) ensure the safeguarding of citizens' rights and national sovereignty in the cyberspace.

Access to Information, Government Procurement and Transparency

On December 8, 2025, the Secretaría Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno (Ministry of Anti-Corruption and Good Governance) announced sanctions against Santiago López Pérez and five supplier companies: (i) Instalaciones Eléctricas Industriales MT, S.A. de C.V.; (ii) Tameztec, S.A. de C.V.; (iii) C-Gallegos, S.A. de C.V.; (iv) Construcciones San Benito, S.A. de C.V.; and (v) Grupo Corporativo C y C, S.A. de C.V.; each of which was temporarily disqualified and fined for submitting false information in public procurement contracts. Each of these companies was registered in the Directorio de Proveedores y Contratistas Sancionados (Directory of Sanctioned Suppliers and Contractors), thereby prohibiting them from participating in new contracts with the Government.

Foreign Affairs, International Organizations and International Economic Cooperation

On October 24, 2025, the Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) announced that Mexico and the United Nations (UN) had signed the Marco de Cooperación de Naciones Unidas en México 2026-2031 (United Nations Cooperation Framework in Mexico 2026-2031) with the aim of strengthening collaboration on sustainable development, human rights and governance.

Environment

On September 3, 2025, as part of a national policy to transition to safer and more sustainable agricultural practices, President Sheinbaum announced the ban of 35 pesticides that pose a high risk to public health and the environment.

On November 18, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement announcing that Mexico participated in COP30 in Belém, Brazil with the objective of promoting stronger climate action by advancing international commitments to reduce emissions and protect biodiversity.

On December 11, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette, enacting the Ley General de Aguas (General Water Law) and amending, adding and repealing various provisions of the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), with the purpose of regulating the human right to access, availability and sanitation of water, as recognized by the Constitution. The legislation establishes a legal regime to improve water management in Mexico by, among other measures, strengthening equitable water distribution and intergovernmental coordination, promoting the sustainable management of water through the use of basins and aquifers, and improving system capacity to adapt to the effects of climate change, while prioritizing human rights, community systems, the general interest and promoting public participation in conservation efforts. The regulatory framework necessary to carry out this reform must be issued or amended within 180 calendar days of the decree taking effect and, during the interim period, existing regulations will continue to apply to the extent that they do not contravene the principles and guidelines of the General Water Law or the amendments to the National Water Law.

On December 16, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Política Nacional para el Manejo Sustentable de Mares y Costas (National Policy for the Sustainable Management of Seas and Coasts), setting forth objectives and short, medium and long term strategies for the protection and sustainable use of marine and coastal ecosystems, in accordance with Mexico's international and domestic commitments.

S-22

Table of Contents

THE ECONOMY

Gross Domestic Product

According to preliminary figures, Mexico's real GDP decreased by 0.1% during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. In the third quarter of 2025, GDP decreased by 0.3% in seasonally adjusted terms, reflecting a contraction in secondary activities, including manufacturing, construction, electricity generation and distribution, mining, and water and gas supply, which was particularly driven by a decline in industrial production, and partially offset by a moderate expansion in primary and tertiary activities. For more information on the long-term factors affecting Mexico's GDP, see "The Economy-Gross Domestic Product" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

The following tables set forth the composition of Mexico's real GDP by economic sector and percentage change by economic sector, in pesos and in percentage terms, for the periods indicated.

Table No. 2 - Real GDP and Expenditures (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                         
                                                               Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                               2024                                           2025(3)   
GDP                                                            Ps.                             25,574.2                 Ps.   25,411.5   
Add: Imports of goods and services                                                             11,934.5                       12,443.4   
                                                                                                                                         
Total supply of goods and services                                                             37,508.6                       37,854.9   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                                            10,173.8                       10,567.7   
                                                                                                                                         
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditure    Ps.                             27,334.8                 Ps.   27,287.2   
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                                                                  
Private consumption                                                                            18,338.5                       18,523.1   
Public consumption                                                                             2,797.5                        5,718.5    
                                                                                                                                         
Total consumption                                                                              21,136.0                       24,241.6   
                                                                                                                                         
Total gross fixed investment                                                                   6,343.0                        2,881.0    
                                                                                                                                         
Changes in inventory                                                                           22.6                           26.5       
                                                                                                                                         
Total domestic expenditures                                    Ps.                             27,501.6                 Ps.   27,149.1   
                                                                                                                                         
Errors and Omissions                                                                           (166.79    )                   138.1      
                                                                                                                                         


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter data is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 3 - Real GDP and Expenditures (As a Percentage of Total GDP)

                                                                                                    
                                                                Third quarter 
                                                                2024     2025 
GDP                                                                      100.0   %          100.0   % 
Add: Imports of goods and services                                       46.7               49.0    
                                                                                                    
Total supply of goods and services                                       146.7              149.0   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                      39.8               41.6    
                                                                                                    
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditures             106.9   %          107.4   % 
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                             
Private consumption                                                      71.7    %          72.9    % 
Public consumption                                                       24.8               22.5    
                                                                                                    
Total consumption                                                        96.5               95.4    
Total gross fixed investment                                             10.9               11.3    
Changes in inventory                                                     0.1                0.1     
                                                                                                    
Total domestic expenditures                                              107.5   %          106.8   % 
                                                                                                    
Errors and Omissions                                                     (0.7    )%         0.5     % 


Note:

Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

S-23

Table of Contents

Table No. 4 - Real GDP by Sector (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                    
                                                            Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                            2024                                         2025(3)   
Primary Activities:                                                                                                                 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(4)    Ps.                             781.4                  Ps.   810.0      
Secondary Activities:                                                                                                               
Mining                                                                                      885.5                        841.3      
Utilities                                                                                   335.8                        331.1      
Construction                                                                                1,528.2                      1,456.8    
Manufacturing                                                                               5,288.1                      5,189.9    
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                                                
Wholesale and retail trade                                                                  5,011.1                      5,018.7    
Transportation and warehousing                                                              1,892.2                      1,896.1    
Information                                                                                 461.9                        472.6      
Finance and insurance                                                                       1,017.3                      1,036.8    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                                             2,408.8                      2,440.1    
Professional, scientific and technical services                                             575.3                        625.3      
Management of companies and enterprises                                                     168.7                        166.3      
Support for business                                                                        228.1                        252.4      
Education services                                                                          888.9                        892.0      
Health care and social assistance                                                           595.3                        626.6      
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                                          131.4                        148.8      
Accommodation and food services                                                             557.3                        537.4      
Other services (except public administration)                                               455.5                        444.9      
Public administration                                                                       837.5                        833.8      
                                                                                                                                    
Gross value added at basic values                                                           24,048.3                     24,020.7   
Taxes on products, net of subsidies                                                         1,393.7                      1,390.7    
                                                                                                                                    
GDP                                                         Ps.                             25,442.0               Ps.   25,411.5   
                                                                                                                                    


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

(4)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

S-24

Table of Contents

Table No. 5 - Real GDP Growth by Sector

(Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                      
                                                                     Third quarter 
                                                                     2024     2025(2) 
GDP (real pesos)                                                              1.4    %         (0.1   )% 
Primary Activities:                                                                                   
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(3)                      7.0              3.7    
Secondary Activities:                                                                                 
Mining                                                                        (6.8   )         (5.0   ) 
Utilities                                                                     (1.8   )         (1.4   ) 
Construction                                                                  1.1              (4.7   ) 
Manufacturing                                                                 0.5              (1.9   ) 
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                  
Wholesale and retail trade                                                    1.3              0.2    
Transportation and warehousing                                                4.6              0.2    
Information                                                                   2.7              2.3    
Finance and insurance                                                         1.6              1.9    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                               1.2              1.3    
Professional, scientific and technical services                               12.1             8.7    
Management of companies and enterprises                                       11.7             (1.4   ) 
Administrative support, waste management and remediation services             (2.3   )         10.7   
Education services                                                            1.4              0.3    
Health care and social assistance                                             0.4              5.3    
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                            5.7              13.2   
Accommodation and food services                                               (3.5   )         (3.6   ) 
Other services (except public administration)                                 1.2              (2.3   ) 
Public administration                                                         2.7              (0.4   ) 


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

Employment and Labor

According to preliminary Tasa de Desocupación Abierta (Open Unemployment Rate) figures, Mexico's unemployment rate was 2.6% as of October 31, 2025, a one percentage point increase from the rate as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2025, the economically active population in Mexico (fifteen years of age and older) was 62.5 million and the labor force participation rate stood at 59.9%. As of January 1, 2026, the minimum wages were Ps. 440.87 per day for municipalities in the Zona Libre de la Frontera Norte (Northern Border Free Trade Zone) and Ps. 315.04 per day for the rest of Mexico, an increase of 13% and 5%, respectively, from the applicable minimum wages in effect from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. For additional information on Mexico's minimum wage policy, see "The Economy-Employment and Labor" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

On November 13, 2025, amendments to the general legal framework governing pension plans were published in the Official Gazette, including, among other measures, provisions to strengthen the protection of supplementary retirement savings for workers, provide certainty for employers, and improve the traceability of pension plan information with the aim of combatting fraud.

On December 3, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the standard work-week in Mexico would be gradually reduced from 48 hours to 40 hours by 2030, with two-hour annual reductions set to begin starting in January 2027. The federal executive branch sent the initiative to the Senate for deliberation on December 3, 2025 and the initiative must be approved by Congress before its enactment.

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette amending the Ley Federal de los Trabajadores al Servicio del Estado Reglamentaria del Apartado B) del Artículo 123 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, (Federal Law of Workers in the Service of the State, Regulating Article 123, Section B) of the Political Constitution of Mexico) and adding a new provision to the Ley General de ResponsabilidadesAdministrativas (General Law on Administrative Responsibilities), with the aim of protecting union autonomy and penalizing public servant interference in union processes as a serious administrative offense.

S-25

Table of Contents

Principal Sectors of the Economy

Manufacturing

The following table shows the value of industrial manufacturing output in billions of constant 2018 pesos and the percentage change of each sector as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.

Table No. 6 - Industrial Manufacturing Output by Sector

(In Billions of Pesos and Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                                                   
                                                   Third quarter 
                                                   2024          2025(2) 
Food                                                      Ps.    965.6              0.3     %       Ps.   978.7             1.4    % 
Beverage and tobacco products                                    262.1              1.0                   256.5             (2.1   ) 
Textile mills                                                    27.8               (3.0    )             25.3              (9.1   ) 
Textile product mills                                            16.9               (3.9    )             16.7              (0.9   ) 
Apparel                                                          56.1               (6.4    )             50.8              (9.4   ) 
Leather and allied products                                      26.1               (17.1   )             25.1              (4.0   ) 
Wood products                                                    34.5               (2.7    )             31.5              (8.6   ) 
Paper                                                            102.1              (1.3    )             99.1              (2.9   ) 
Printing and related support activities                          24.6               (1.8    )             23.7              (3.8   ) 
Petroleum and coal products                                      229.1              13.4                  251.5             9.8    
Chemicals                                                        382.0              9.4                   369.3             (3.3   ) 
Plastics and rubber products                                     167.7              3.1                   165.7             (1.2   ) 
Nonmetallic mineral products                                     157.2              (0.4    )             155.7             (1.0   ) 
Primary metals                                                   246.5              (8.2    )             253.1             2.7    
Fabricated metal products                                        172.8              (2.4    )             162.2             (6.2   ) 
Machinery                                                        215.4              (2.8    )             217.7             1.1    
Computers and electronic products                                484.2              (3.7    )             492.2             1.7    
Electrical equipment, appliances and components                  220.9              3.2                   211.8             (4.1   ) 
Transportation equipment                                         1,305.0            1.0                   1,181.0           (9.5   ) 
Furniture and related products                                   48.3               (3.0    )             46.7              (3.2   ) 
Miscellaneous                                                    143.1              3.7                   175.5             22.6   
                                                                                                                                   
Total expansion/contraction                               Ps.?   ?5,288.1           0.5     %       Ps.   5,189.9           (1.9   )% 
                                                                                                                                   


(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018. Percent change reflects differential in constant 2018 pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Petroleum and Petrochemicals

On August 5, Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), an empresa pública del estado (state-owned public company) presented its "Strategic Plan 2025-2030," which established PEMEX's Comprehensive Capitalization and Financing Strategy. This strategy is based on the continuous improvement in PEMEX's financial operations in terms of efficiency, discipline, risk management, and process optimization, as well as PEMEX's responsible use of resources. To this end, PEMEX, the Secretaría de Energía (Ministry of Energy, or SENER), and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit are working together to implement financial mechanisms to strengthen PEMEX's financial position and achieve the stability and resilience necessary to ensure its operational and financial continuity. These mechanisms are intended to reduce PEMEX's debt levels to ensure timely access to financing sources under competitive conditions. As part of these mechanisms, on December 1, 2025, the Government granted a guaranty in connection with a credit facility of up to Ps. 257.5 billion, the proceeds of which will be used to support energy sector investment projects.

On September 2, 2025, PEMEX launched an offer to purchase for cash certain of its outstanding dollar-denominated and euro-denominated notes with maturities between 2026 and 2029. The total aggregate principal amount of tenders accepted for purchase amounted to U.S.$9.9 billion, and the offers settled on October 1, 2025.

S-26

Table of Contents

On October 2, 2025, the credit rating agency Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

On October 3, 2025, two decrees were published in the Official Gazette establishing regulatory frameworks for various aspects of the hydrocarbons sector, including (i) the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Law of the Hydrocarbon Sector), which establishes the administrative, technical and legal framework for the regulation of hydrocarbon exploration, extraction, transportation and commercialization; and (ii) the Reglamento de la Ley de Ingresos Sobre Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Hydrocarbons Revenue Law), which, among other measures, updates energy sector administrative procedures regarding the allocation of and bidding process for hydrocarbon exploration and extraction contracts.

On October 3, 2025, the Norma Oficial Mexicana de Emergencia NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transporte de Gas Licuado de Petróleo (Mexican Official Emergency Standard NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transportation of Liquefied Petroleum Gas), was published in the Official Gazette. The standard aims to enhance safety measures and heighten obligations for regulated entities, including through requiring the submission of annual reports on the state of transportation and distribution units, with the aim of ensuring compliance and the timely detection of defects that could cause leaks or failures.

On December 11, 2025, SENER published an agreement in the Official Gazette with the aim of establishing clear criteria for recognizing the occurrence of fortuitous or force majeure events with respect to contracts for the exploration and extraction of hydrocarbons that may affect the fulfillment of contractual obligations.

Electric Power

On September 11, 2025, CFE FIBRA E, a Fideicomiso de Inversión en Energía Infraestructura (Energy and Infrastructure Investment Trust ), which is managed by an affiliate of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad (Federal Electricity Commission, or CFE) and in respect of which CFE has residual beneficiary rights, and which is focused on investing in energy and infrastructure (primarily collection rights in respect of fees charged for electricity transmission), issued U.S.$725 million of its 5.875% notes due 2040. This inaugural issuance by CFE FIBRA E attracted a record demand of U.S.$6.36 billion, the highest ever for an issuance by an energy and infrastructure trust in Mexico. The proceeds were used to acquire an additional 2.43% of the beneficiary rights under a trust holding collection rights, to reach an aggregate 6.78% of beneficiary rights under such trust. CFE is the ultimate beneficiary under the trust holding collection rights and expects to use the proceeds to finance strategic projects in connection with the Red Nacional de Transmisión (National Transmission Network, or RNT), within the framework of CFE's Plan de Fortalecimiento y Expansión del Sistema Eléctrico Nacional 2025-2030 (National Electric System Strengthening and Expansion Plan 2025-2030).

On October 3, 2025, a series of decrees issuing new energy sector regulations were published in the Official Gazette. First, the Reglamento de laLey de Planeación y Transición Energética (Regulations of the Energy Transition Law) established a binding framework for energy sector planning, with the aims of (i) strengthening the energy transition, (ii) promoting the sustainable use of energy, (iii) utilizing clean energy sources, and (iv) reducing polluting emissions, while ensuring the country's competitiveness and energy sovereignty. Second, the Reglamento de la Ley de Geotermia (Regulations of the Geothermal Energy Law) established an administrative, technical and environmental regulatory framework for the exploration and use of geothermal resources, including by articulating (i) requirements for obtaining permits and concessions, (ii) terms and conditions for each stage of geothermal development, and (iii) environmental assessment criteria. Third, the Reglamento de la Ley de Biocombustibles (Regulations for the Biofuels Law) sets forth regulations for production, commercialization, distribution and employment within the biofuels sector, with the aim of (i) promoting energy security and sustainable development, (ii) reducing pollutant emissions, and (iii) establishing technical, environmental and administrative requirements for value chain participants.

On October 3, 2025, another decree was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Eléctrico (Regulations of the Electricity Sector Law), which establishes regulations for the generation, transmission, distribution, and commercialization of electricity, with the aim of ensuring the Government's role in the administration and control of the national electricity system. The regulation also seeks to define procedures for granting permissions, establishing participation mechanisms and ensuring compliance with technical, environmental, and energy efficiency criteria.

S-27

Table of Contents

On December 16, 2025, the operating guidelines of the Consejo de Planeación Energética (Energy Planning Council) were published in the Official Gazette with the objective of strengthening coordination in national energy sector planning.

Tourism

On November 30, 2025, the Secretaría de Turismo (Ministry of Tourism, or SECTUR) announced that 5.0 million people were employed in the tourism sector in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 3,838 jobs compared to the second quarter of 2025 and a 1.8% increase compared to the same period in 2024, representing 9.3% of the national workforce.

On December 11, 2025, SECTUR announced that, from January to October 2025, 79.3 million international visitors arrived in Mexico, an increase of 13.6% compared to the same period in 2024. Of those international visitors, 16.6 million arrived in Mexico by air, representing an increase of nearly 100,000 visitors compared to the same period in 2024 and a 10.2% increase compared to the same period in 2019. The United States, Canada and the United Kingdom were the most represented countries of origin for tourists traveling by air to Mexico in this period.

Transportation and Communications

Highways

On October 8, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the Programa de Infraestructura Carretera (Road Infrastructure Program), which aims to modernize, expand and maintain the national road network to improve Mexico's connectivity and competitiveness, had achieved 60% overall completion.

On November 22, 2025, the Secretaría de Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes (Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation, or SICT) reported that 644 out of 820 kilometers of roads in the Mixteca region of Oaxaca have been expanded, maintained and modernized as part and representing 78% completion of the Ps. 6.2 billion Plan General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río Plan).

Seaports

From January to October 2025, total cargo handled at Mexican seaports totaled 209.0 million tons, an 8.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. This decrease was mainly driven by a decline in export cargo, which totaled 66.0 million tons, a 13.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. Imports also declined by 8.4% compared to the same period in 2024, totaling 99.6 million tons from January to October 2025.

Aviation

On December 9, 2025, SICT announced that Ps.129.1 billion are expected to be invested in airport infrastructure by 2030. In 2025, Ps. 36.5 billion of federal government and private sector funding was allocated to the country's 62 airports, including for expansion and modernization projects at the Puerto Escondido, Tepic, Monterrey, Guadalajara, Mexico City, Puerto Vallarta, Cancún, Tijuana, Mérida and Chihuahua airports.

Railways

On November 25, 2025, SICT announced that construction was underway on four passenger train routes in northern and central Mexico, including the Mexico City-Querétaro Train, the Mexico City-Pachuca Train, and the Querétaro-Irapuato Train. These projects aim to add or rehabilitate 785 kilometers of railway infrastructure, along with the development of main and secondary stations.

S-28

Table of Contents

Communications

On October 21, 2025, the Comisión Reguladora de Telecomunicaciones (Telecommunications Regulatory Commission, or CRT) announced the completion of the restructuring of the economic competition and telecommunications system. As part of this process, the Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (National Antitrust Commission, or CNA) was established to replace the former Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Commission for Economic Competition, or COFECE), and the CRT was created to succeed the Instituto Federal de Telecomunicaciones (Federal Telecommunications Institute, or IFT). The CRT is a decentralized administrative body of the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency), an independent agency tasked with furthering the efficient development of telecommunications and broadcasting in Mexico.

On November 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Estatuto Orgánico de la Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (Organic Statute of the National Antimonopoly Commission), which establishes the organizational structure and operating bases of the CNA as a decentralized public body of the government, in accordance with the Ley Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Antitrust Law).

On November 27, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced an expected investment of between Ps. 500 and Ps. 2,000 million in transportation infrastructure for each of the venues hosting the FIFA World Cup 2026 in Mexico, Mexico City (Metro Line 2), Jalisco (Line 5) and Nuevo León (Lines 4 and 6).

On December 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing a new methodology to determine the fees to be paid in connection with services provided by the CNA, such as concentrations analyses, which is informed by, international practices and the costs incurred by the CNA in providing such services, among other factors. Under this methodology, applicable fees are determined using a tiered structure based on the estimated maximum value of the operation and include an additional 15% sustainability surcharge.

Mining

On December 4, 2025, the Supreme Court affirmed the constitutionality of a decree published on May 8, 2023 in the Official Gazette that reformed, added and repealed various provisions on mining and water concessions contained in the Ley Minera (Mining Law), the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), the Ley General del Equilibrio Ecológico y la Protección al Ambiente (General Law of Ecological Balance and Environmental Protection) and the Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral de los Residuos (General Law for the Prevention and Comprehensive Management of Waste). Further, Supreme Court affirmed that Congress has the power to redefine the regulation of the mining and water sector, and that concession titles contain regulatory clauses that can be adjusted for the public interest.

S-29

Table of Contents

FINANCIAL SYSTEM

Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates

Money Supply and Savings

The following table shows Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply aggregates at each of the dates indicated. The methodology for the calculation of Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply is discussed in "Financial System-Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates-Money Supply and Savings" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Table No. 7 - Money Supply

                                                                                                               
                                  At September 30,                 
                                  2024                                            2025(1)   
                                  (in millions of nominal pesos)   
M1:                                                                                                            
Bills and coins                   Ps.                              2,836,728                Ps.   3,052,343    
Checking deposits                                                                                              
In domestic currency                                               2,556,699                      2,680,887    
In foreign currency                                                661,480                        650,214      
Interest-bearing peso deposits                                     1,480,211                      1,633,006    
Savings and loan deposits                                          85,659                         127,951      
                                                                                                               
Total M1                          Ps.                              7,620,777                Ps.   8,144,401    
                                                                                                               
M4                                Ps.                              19,354,248               Ps.   21,092,811   
                                                                                                               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Inflation

Consumer inflation at the end of the third quarter of 2025 was 3.8%, which was above Banco de México's 3.0% (+/- 1.0%) target inflation for the year, 0.4 percentage point lower than the 4.2% consumer inflation for 2024 and 0.9 percentage points lower than the 4.7% consumer inflation for 2023. This trend was the result of Banco de México's monetary policy actions and the decline in non-core inflation, particularly in fruits, vegetables and energy prices, which offset a moderate increase in core inflation.

Annual core inflation, which better reflects medium-term price pressures on the economy, remained higher than target inflation for the year and was 4.3% at the end of the third quarter of 2025, higher than core inflation of 3.7% for 2024.

On November 18, 2025, the Government announced the renewal of the Paquete Contra la Inflación y la Carestía (Anti-Inflation and Deficit Package, or PACIC), as part of which the private sector will contribute to stabilizing the prices of basic products, promoting a more balanced outlook between producers and consumers. The PACIC is intended to serve as a permanent platform for constructive dialogue between private companies and the public sector.

S-30

Table of Contents

The following table shows, in percentage terms, the changes in price indices and increases in the minimum wage for the periods indicated.

Table No. 8 - Rates of Change in Price Indices

                                                                                                                                                               
             National ConsumerPrice Index(1)(4)           National ProducerPrice Index(1)(3)(4)           Increase inMinimum Wage(5)   
2022                                              7.8                                               5.3                                    22.0;(6) 22.0(7)    
2023                                              4.7                                               1.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0(7)    
2024                                              4.2                                               7.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0 (7)   
2025:                                                                                                                                                          
January                                           3.6                                               7.6                                    12.0 ;(6) 12.0 (7)  
February                                          3.8                                               7.9                                    -?                  
March                                             3.8                                               7.3                                    -?                  
April                                             3.9                                               7.1                                    -?                  
May                                               4.4                                               6.8                                    -?                  
June                                              4.3                                               5.2                                    -?                  
July                                              3.5                                               4.1                                    -?                  
August                                            3.6                                               3.7                                    -?                  
September                                         3.8                                               3.4                                    -?                  
October                                           3.6                                               3.4                                    -?                  
November                                          3.8                                               2.8                                    -?                  


(1)

Changes in price indices are calculated as the 12-month percentage change. For annual figures, changes in price indices are calculated each December. Monthly figures are annualized.

(2)

Effective August 2018, the Índice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor (National Consumer Price Index, or INPC) was changed to: (1) update the base date to the second half of July 2018; (2) increase the number of categories for goods and services; (3) increase the number of areas represented; and (4) adjust the weighting of each component.

(3)

Índice Nacional de Precios al Productor (National Producer Price Index, or INPP) figures represent the changes in the prices for basic merchandise and services (excluding oil prices). INPP takes July 2019 as a base date.

(4)

Preliminary figures for July to November 2025.

(5)

Effective January 1, 2019, Mexico has two minimum wages: one rate applicable to municipalities located on the border with the United States, which are included in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone, and a different rate applicable to the rest of Mexico. The rate of change for 2019, for both the minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone and the minimum wage applicable to the rest of Mexico, is as compared to the minimum wage in effect prior to January 1, 2019.

(6)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

(7)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to areas other than the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

Sources: INEGI; Ministry of Labor and Social Security.

S-31

Table of Contents

Interest Rates

The following table sets forth the average interest rates per annum on 28-day and 91-day Certificados de la Tesorería de la Federación (Federal Treasury Certificates, or Cetes), the costo porcentual promedio (average weighted cost of term deposits for commercial banks, or CPP) and the 28-day and 91-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 9 - Average Cetes , CPP and TIIE Rates

                                                                                                                           
                 28-DayCetes            91-DayCetes            CPP       28-DayTIIE       91-DayTIIE   
2021:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   4.1                      4.1              3.2                           4.3          4.3    
July-December                  4.7                      5.1              3.3                           4.9          5.0    
2022:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   6.4                      7.0              4.3                           6.6          6.8    
July-December                  8.9                      9.6              6.0                           9.2          9.6    
2023:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.1                     11.4             7.9                           11.3         11.4   
July-December                  11.1                     11.3             8.5                           11.5         11.5   
2024:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.0                     11.2             8.7                           11.4         11.5   
July-December                  10.4                     10.5             8.3                           10.8         11.0   
2025:                                                                                                                      
January                        9.9                      9.8              7.9                           10.3         10.4   
February                       9.5                      9.3              7.8                           9.9          10.0   
March                          9.1                      9.0              7.5                           9.7          9.8    
April                          8.8                      8.6              7.2                           9.3          9.3    
May                            8.3                      8.3              6.9                           9.0          9.1    
June                           8.1                      8.0              6.7                           8.7          8.8    
July                           7.7                      8.0              6.4                           8.3          8.3    
August                         7.4                      7.7              6.2                           8.1          8.1    
September                      7.3                      7.6              6.1                           8.0          8.1    
October                        7.3                      7.4              5.9                           7.8          7.9    
November                       7.2                      7.3              5.8                           7.6          7.7    
December                       7.2                      7.2              5.7                           7.5          7.5    


Source: Banco de México.

During the first nine months of 2025, interest rates on 28-day Cetes averaged 8.2%, as compared to 10.8% during the same period of 2024. Interest rates on 91-day Cetes averaged 8.3%, as compared to 11.0% during the same period of 2024.

On January 2, 2026, the 28-day Cetes rate was 7.2% and the 91-day Cetes rate was 7.2%.

On September 25, 2025 and November 6, 2025, Banco de México held its sixth and seventh monetary policy meetings of 2025, respectively, and decreased the Tasa de Fondeo Bancario (overnight interbank funding rate) by 25 basis points on each occasion, bringing the rate to 7.25%. These decisions took into account the inflation outlook, the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive, the recent weakening of economic activity, exchange rate dynamics and potential spillovers from global trade policy shifts.

Banco de México decreased the overnight interbank funding rate to 7.0% at its meeting on December 18, 2025. That decision took into account the trajectory of inflation, the deceleration in domestic economic activity, exchange rate developments, and the prevailing global environment marked by trade tensions and geopolitical risks, as well as the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive. Therefore, as of January 2, 2026, the overnight interbank funding rate stood at 7.0%, compared to 10.0% as of December 31, 2024.

S-32

Table of Contents

Exchange Controls and Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign Exchange Rates

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the daily peso/U.S. dollar exchange rates published by Banco de México for the payment of obligations denominated in dollars and payable in pesos within Mexico.

Table No. 10 - Exchange Rates

                                                                            
             Representative Market Rate   
             End-of-Period                            Average   
2021                                      20.4672                 20.2787   
2022                                      19.4715                 20.1193   
2023                                      16.9190                 17.7382   
2024                                      20.7862                 18.3336   
2025                                                                        
January                                   20.6068                 20.5490   
February                                  20.5080                 20.4571   
March                                     20.4380                 20.2417   
April                                     19.6095                 20.0564   
May                                       19.3858                 19.4355   
June                                      18.8332                 19.0300   
July                                      18.7963                 18.6909   
August                                    18.6440                 18.7063   
September                                 18.3342                 18.499    
October                                   18.5725                 18.4296   
November                                  18.3075                 18.4185   
December                                  18.0012                 18.0739   


Source: Banco de México.

On January 2, 2026, the peso/U.S. dollar exchange rate closed at Ps. 17.8803 = U.S.$1.00, a 13.98% depreciation in dollar terms as compared to the rate on December 31, 2024. The peso/U.S. dollar buying exchange rate published by Banco de México on January 2, 2026 (which took effect on the second business day thereafter) was Ps. 17.9528= U.S.$1.00.

S-33

Table of Contents

Banking System

As of September 30, 2025, the total assets of the banking sector were Ps. 15,362.5 billion, which represented a real annual increase of 3.9% as compared to the end of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2025, the current loan portfolio of the banking sector had a balance of Ps. 7,863.4 billion, a real annual increase of 3.2% as compared to September 30, 2024. Finally, the banking sector's net result was Ps. 226.1 billion as of September 30, 2025, 2.1% lower in real terms as compared to September 30, 2024.

On October 1, 2025, the Consejo de Estabilidad Financiera (Mexican Financial Stability Board) updated its assessment of risks faced by the Mexican financial system, concluding that the Mexican financial system remains solid and resilient, and that the banking sector is adequately capitalized and counts with appropriate liquidity. The Mexican Financial Stability Board assessment also noted that the outlook continues to be subject to a high degree of uncertainty in connection with potential external shocks related to global monetary policy and geopolitical developments.

Banking Supervision and Support

As of September 30, 2025, the Índice de Capitalización (Capitalization Index, or ICAP) for the multiple banking sector was 20.4%, as compared to 19.4% as of September 30, 2024 and 19.09% as of December 31, 2024. For more information on ICAP, see "Financial System-Banking Supervision and Support-Bank Supervision Policy" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

As of September 30, 2025, all multiple banking institutions fell under the first early warning category, indicating that the institutions met the minimum capitalization requirements and were sufficiently capitalized in the event of unexpected loss scenarios. No immediate supervisory actions by the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV) were required as of that date.

On October 10, 2025, the Instituto para la Protección al Ahorro Bancario (Institute for the Protection of Bank Savings, or IPAB) announced the beginning of the liquidation process of CIBanco S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple (CIBanco). IPAB also announced that, in its role as liquidator, it would start to make payments in connection with insured deposits of up to 400,000 Unidades de Inversion (Investment Units, or UDIs), without the use of public funds, which are expected to fully cover the deposits of 99.4% of CIBanco's affected banking clients. Authorities also stated that CIBanco's 0.44% share of total banking system assets means its orderly liquidation does not pose a risk to the overall stability of the Mexican financial system.

On October 13, 2025, the CNBV announced the revocation of CIBanco's authorization to operate as a multiple banking institution following IPAB's appointment as liquidator of CIBanco's assets.

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit, through the UIF, reported that it is coordinating actions with the U.S. Department of the Treasury, including the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), to identify and disrupt financial structures associated with criminal organizations dedicated to the trafficking of narcotics. These joint efforts aim to block assets, prevent the use of front companies, and strengthen bilateral information-sharing mechanisms to limit the circulation of illicit proceeds in the Mexican and U.S. financial systems.

Insurance Companies, Mutual Funds and Auxiliary Credit Institutions

As of October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional del Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (National Retirement Savings System Commission, or CONSAR) reported that total net assets managed within the Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (Retirement Savings System, or SAR) reached Ps. 8.17 trillion, representing more than 20.0% of Mexico's GDP. These resources are invested under a diversified regime, allowing the Sociedades de Inversión Especializada en Fondos para el Retiro (Specialized Investment Companies in Retirement Funds, or SIEFORES) to maximize workers' savings based on the maturity profile of each fund. As of October 31, 2025, 51.9% of net assets managed within the SAR was invested in Mexican government bonds.

S-34

Table of Contents

On October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas (National Insurance and Surety Commission, or CNSF) reported that, as of September 30, 2025, the insurance and surety market was comprised of 113 institutions, and that in the third quarter of 2025, direct premiums in the insurance sector increased from Ps. 704.1 billion to Ps. 787.1 billion, representing a 7.7% real increase compared to the same period in 2024. The insurance and surety sector recorded 5.1% real growth in profits, increasing from Ps. 62.2 billion in the third quarter of 2024 to Ps. 65.3 billion in the third quarter of 2025.

Securities Markets

On January 2, 2026, the Índice de Precios y Cotizaciones (Stock Market Index, or IPC), which is calculated based on a group of the thirty-five most actively traded shares, stood at 64,141.36 points, representing a 29.5% increase from the level at December 31, 2024.

FOREIGN TRADE AND BALANCE OF PAYMENTS

Foreign Trade

On September 23, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Reglas de Procedimiento del artículo 10.12 (Revisión ante un Panel Binacional) del Tratado entre los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, los Estados Unidos de América y Canadá (Rules of Procedure of Article 10.12 (Review before a Binational Panel) of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which govern binational panel reviews in connection with Chapter 10 of the USMCA on trade remedies.

On December 15, 2025, the Government, through the Ministry of Economy, announced that the Paquete Arancelario (Tariff Package), which came into effect on January 1, 2026, and is intended to protect 350,000 jobs in the automotive, steel, footwear, textile and apparel industries in the states of Aguascalientes, Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, State of Mexico, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Nuevo León, Puebla, and Querétaro, without harming any trade partner or affecting trade relations with countries with which Mexico does not have a trade agreement in place.

S-35

Table of Contents

Foreign Trade Performance

The following table provides information about the value of Mexico's merchandise exports and imports (excluding tourism) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 11 - Exports and Imports

                                                                                                                                                                        
                                       First nine months                                                                  
                                       2024(1)                                                                                            2025(1)   
                                       (in millions of U.S. dollars, except averageprice of the Mexican crude oil mix )   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Oil and oil products                   U.S.$                                                                              21,402.5                  U.S.$   16,357.3    
Crude oil                                                                                                                 16,185.6                          11,646.9    
Other                                                                                                                     5,216.9                           4,710.4     
Non-oil products                                                                                                          434,357.7                         465,284.7   
Agricultural                                                                                                              17,813.6                          16,272.4    
Mining                                                                                                                    7,703.4                           9,537.3     
Manufactured goods(2)                                                                                                     408,840.7                         439,475.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise exports                                                                                                 455,760.2                         481,642.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Consumer goods                                                                                                            74,534.7                          70,215.0    
Intermediate goods(2)                                                                                                     354,900.0                         372,582.5   
Capital goods                                                                                                             45,797.4                          41,772.0    
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise imports                                                                                                 475,232.1                         484,569.5   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Trade balance                          U.S.$                                                                              (19,471.9   )             U.S.$   (2,927.5    ) 
                                                                                                                                                                        
Average price of Mexican oil mix(3)    U.S.$                                                                              72.1                      U.S.$   62.6        
                                                                                                                                                                        


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Includes the in-bond industry.

(3)

In U.S. dollars per barrel.

Source: Banco de México/PEMEX.

Foreign Trade Relations and Agreements

On August 28, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Mexico and Brazil had signed agreements on trade, health, agriculture, and energy to strengthen bilateral cooperation and expand opportunities for joint development.

On November 28, 2025, representatives of Mexico and Canada attended the first meeting of the Asociación Estratégica Integral México-Canadá (Mexico-Canada Integral Strategic Association, or AEIMC), with the aim of strengthening bilateral cooperation in priority sectors that contribute to joint development and well-being of both countries.

S-36

Table of Contents

Balance of Payments and International Reserves

The following table sets forth Mexico's balance of payments for the periods indicated:

Table No. 12 - Balance of Payments

                                                                                                              
                                First nine months               
                                2024(1)                                         2025(1)   
                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Current account(2)              U.S.$                           (27,525.5   )             U.S.$   (11,782.2   ) 
Credits                                                         568,480.7                         593,921.2   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                    456,262.2                         482,234.2   
Non-factor services                                             46,182.3                          48,732.8    
Transport                                                       7,665.1                           5,965.1     
Tourism                                                         24,266.8                          25,778.4    
Insurance and pensions                                          4,243.3                           3,684.2     
Financial services                                              663.7                             736.6       
Others                                                          9,343.4                           12,568.4    
Primary income                                                  16,927.9                          16,500.3    
Secondary income                                                49,108.3                          46,453.9    
Debits                                                          596,006.2                         605,703.4   
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                    475,763.6                         485,133.9   
Non-factor services                                             53,358.3                          54,937.4    
Transport                                                       18,795.4                          18,996.5    
Tourism                                                         7,947.9                           9,649.5     
Insurance and pensions                                          7,560.0                           7,520.4     
Financial services                                              2,309.3                           1,426.9     
Others                                                          16,745.8                          17,344.0    
Primary income                                                  65,800.5                          64,708.0    
Secondary income                                                1,083.8                           924.2       
Capital account                                                 (55.3       )                     (24.7       ) 
Credit                                                          266.8                             169.8       
Debit                                                           322.1                             194.5       
Financial account                                               (25,963.4   )                     (2,110.3    ) 
Direct investment                                               (32,363.2   )                     (33,820.9   ) 
Portfolio investment                                            1,319.3                           2,408.2     
Financial derivatives                                           2,610.2                           2,798.8     
Other investment                                                (8,998.1    )                     8,644.7     
Reserve assets                                                  11,468.3                          17,858.9    
International reserves                                          17,453.7                          27,520.1    
Valuation adjustment                                            5,985.4                           9,661.2     
Errors and omissions                                            1,617.4                           9,696.5     


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Current account figures are calculated according to a methodology developed to conform to new international standards under which merchandise exports and merchandise imports include the in-bound industry.

Source: Banco de México.

In the third quarter of 2025, Mexico's current account registered a surplus of U.S.$2.32 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, compared to a deficit of U.S.$2.04 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, in the third quarter of 2024. The increase in the current account balance was mainly due to an increase in the balance of non-oil goods and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in the primary income deficit. This was partially offset by a reduction in the secondary income surplus and increases in the deficits in services and oil goods.

S-37

Table of Contents

International Reserves and Assets

The following table sets forth Banco de México's international reserves and net international assets at the end of each period indicated.

Table No. 13 - International Reserves and Net International Assets(1)

                                                                                                                     
             End-of-PeriodInternational Reserves(2)(3)             End-of-PeriodNet International Assets   
             (in billions of U.S dollars)                
2022                                                     199.1                                               201.1   
2023                                                     212.8                                               214.3   
2024                                                     228.8                                               231.8   
2025:                                                                                                                
January                                                  230.8                                               240.7   
February                                                 234.3                                               245.5   
March                                                    237.0                                               246.5   
April                                                    239.1                                               245.8   
May                                                      240.0                                               246.2   
June                                                     241.5                                               248.9   
July                                                     242.3                                               251.2   
August                                                   244.4                                               248.9   
September                                                246.8                                               267.2   
October                                                  248.9                                               257.0   
November                                                 250.2                                               255.7   


(1)

"Net international assets" are defined as: (a) gross international reserves, plus (b) assets with maturities greater than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks, less (x) liabilities outstanding to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and (y) liabilities with maturities of less than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks.

(2)

Includes gold, Special Drawing Rights (international reserve assets created by the IMF) and foreign exchange holdings.

(3)

"International reserves" are equivalent to: (a) gross international reserves, minus (b) international liabilities of Banco de México with maturities of less than six months.

(4)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Foreign Investment in Mexico

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Economy reported that, in the first three quarters of 2025, Foreign Direct Investment in Mexico reached a historic high of U.S.$40.9 billion, a 14.5% increase compared to U.S.$35.7 billion in the same period in 2024.

S-38

Table of Contents

PUBLIC FINANCE

General

At the end of the third quarter of 2025, public finances remained consistent with the fiscal goals outlined in the 2025 Economic Package, reflecting an annual reduction in the budget deficit.

Fiscal policy

In September 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit published the Criterios Generales de Política Económica (General Criteria for Economic Policy) for 2026, on the basis of the Paquete Económico 2026 (2026 Economic Package) which sets forth a fiscal policy that aims to, among other objectives, (i) preserve macroeconomic stability, (ii) achieve the gradual normalization of the budget deficit and a sustainable level of public debt, and (iii) guarantee public investment in welfare programs, health sector policies, the strengthening of education and social housing and other priority programs, in accordance with the Estrategia Nacional de Industrialización y Prosperidad Compartida "Plan México" (the National Strategy for Industrialization and Shared Prosperity, or Plan Mexico).

The Budget

On November 7 and November 21, 2025, the Ley de Ingresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Federal Revenue Law, or the 2026 Revenue Law) and the Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal de 2026 (Federal Expenditure Budget for 2026, or the 2026 Expenditure Budget) were published in the Official Gazette, respectively.

Selected estimated budget expenditures and preliminary results are set forth in the table below.

Table No. 14 - Selected Budgetary Expenditures; 2025 Expenditure Budget

(In Billions of Pesos)

                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                     Actual                                              
                                     2024(1)               First nine monthsof 2024(1)                 First nine monthsof 2025(1)           2025 Budget(2)   
Health                               Ps.       65.6                                      Ps.   48.6                                    Ps.   42.6                 Ps.   66.7      
Education                                      449.1                                           344.2                                         383.4                      450.9     
Housing and community development              15.1                                            14.0                                          15.8                       38.0      
Government debt service                        1,042.5                                         773.1                                         846.4                      1,149.6   
CFE and PEMEX debt service                     107.9                                           139.9                                         176.8                      186.4     
PEMEX debt service                             73.1                                            111.6                                         143.5                      147.9     
CFE debt service                               34.7                                            28.3                                          33.4                       38.5      


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-39

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth the budgetary results for the periods indicated. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 and 2026 Budgets.

Table No. 15 - Budgetary Results; 2025 and 2026 Budget Assumptions and Targets

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                             Actual                                                                                     
                                                             2024(1)                First ninemonths of2024(1)             First ninemonths of2025(1)       2025 Budget(2)          2026 Budget(2)   
Real GDP growth (%)(3)                                                 1.4     %                                   1.7     %                                0.1              %                       0.5-1.5   %        1.8-2.8   % 
Increase in the national consumer price index (%)(4)                   4.2     %                                   4.6     %                                3.8              %                       3.8       %        3.0       % 
Average export price of Mexican oil mix (U.S.$/barrel)(5)              70.24                                       72.06                                    62.58                                    62.0               54.9      
Average exchange rate (Ps./$1.00)                                      18.3                                        17.7                                     19.5                                     19.6               19.3      
Average rate on 28-day Cetes (%)                                       10.7    %                                   10.9    %                                8.5              %                       8.4       %        6.6       % 
Public sector balance as % of GDP(6)                                   (5.0    )%                                  (3.0    )%                               (2.2             )%                      (3.6      )%       (3.6      )% 
Primary balance as % of GDP(6)                                         (1.5    )%                                  (0.6    )%                               0.5              %                       0.2       %        0.5       % 
Current account balance as % of GDP                                    (0.9    )%                                  (2.0    )%                               (0.9             )%                      (0.3      )%       (0.6      )% 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 and 2026 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025 and 2026, respectively. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 and 2026 economic results.

(3)

Figures represent year-over-year change for the first nine months of 2024 and first nine months of 2025.

(4)

Figures represent the 12-month percentage change in the consumer price index for the last month in the period indicated.

(5)

The Government entered into hedging agreements to mitigate the effects of a change in oil prices with respect to the level that was assumed in the 2025 Revenue Law. Therefore, the approved expenditures level should not be affected if the weighted average price of crude oil exported by PEMEX for the year falls below the price assumed in the 2025 Budget.

(6)

Includes the effect of expenditures related to the issuance of bonds pursuant to reforms to the Ley del Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado (Law of the Institute for Social Security and Social Services of Government Workers, or ISSSTE Law) and the recognition as public sector debt of certain long-term infrastructure-related projects (PIDIREGAS) obligations, as discussed under "Public Finance-Revenues and Expenditures-General" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-40

Table of Contents

Revenues and Expenditures

General

On November 27, 2025, the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (National Institute of Statistics and Geography, or INEGI) published the Estadística de Finanzas Públicas Estatales y Municipales 2024 (State and Municipal Public Finance Statistics, or EFIPEM), which consolidates information on revenue, expenditure, public debt and federal transfers by state and municipality based on data reported by local treasuries. The EFIPEM allows for the monitoring of state and municipal budget execution and multi-year fiscal planning, and provides key inputs for performance evaluation and the aligning of public spending with the objectives of the Plan Nacional de Desarrollo 2025-2030 (National Development Plan 2025-2030) and Mexico's international sustainable development commitments.

The following table presents the composition of public sector budgetary revenues for the first nine months of 2024 and 2025 in billions of pesos. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 Budget.

Table No. 16 - Public Sector Budgetary Revenues

(In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                               Actual                       
                                                                               First ninemonths of2024(2)               First ninemonths of2025(2)               2025 Budget(3)   
Budgetary revenues                                                                                          5,624.4                                    6,247.7                        8,055.6   
Federal Government                                                                                          4,070.9                                    4,615.3                        5,952.0   
Taxes                                                                                                       3,696.2                                    4,107.3                        5,297.8   
Income tax(4)                                                                                               2,036.3                                    2,243.2                        2,859.7   
Value-added tax                                                                                             1,038.8                                    1,149.4                        1,463.3   
Excise taxes                                                                                                449.9                                      495.8                          713.8     
Import duties                                                                                               98.0                                       125.8                          151.8     
Tax on the exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons                                                     5.1                                        5.0                            7.1       
Export duties                                                                                               0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Other                                                                                                       68.0                                       88.1                           102.0     
Non-tax revenue                                                                                             373.4                                      508.0                          654.2     
Fees and tolls(5)                                                                                           112.6                                      126.3                          151.2     
Transfers from the Mexican Petroleum Fund for Stabilization and Development                                 106.0                                      185.2                          279.8     
Fines and surcharges                                                                                        154.8                                      196.4                          223.2     
Other                                                                                                       0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Public enterprises and agencies                                                                             1,553.6                                    1,632.4                        2,103.7   
PEMEX(6)                                                                                                    667.3                                      737.5                          860.9     
Others(7)                                                                                                   886.3                                      894.9                          1,242.8   


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Nominal pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

(4)

Includes tax and oil Impuesto Sobre la Renta (Income Tax).

(5)

Includes oil and non-tax duties.

(6)

Includes oil revenues, which are classified as non-tax revenues for information consistency purposes.

(7)

Includes CFE, IMSS and ISSSTE.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

Revenues

Taxation and Tax Revenues

On October 31, 2025, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) recognized Mexico and its tax authority, the Servicio de Administración Tributaria (Tax Administration Service), for providing tax certainty for high-income taxpayers.

S-41

Table of Contents

Pursuant to the 2026 Revenue Law, the rates in cases of unpaid tax assessments are modified, starting in 2026, to reflect (i) increasing the rate on outstanding balances from 0.98% to 1.38% per month, and (ii) when payment by installments is authorized, increasing the rate from 1.26% to 1.42% per month, from 1.53% to 1.63% per month and from 1.82% to 1.97% per month for installment plans of up to 12 months, installments plans of between 12 and 24 months and installments plans of over 12 months or deferred payment plans, respectively.

Expenditures

Health and Labor, Education and Other Social Welfare Expenditures

On November 10, 2025, the Programa Institucional 2025-2030 del Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública (Institutional Program 2025-2030 of the National Institute of Public Health) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of improving public health in Mexico through scientific research and development, and by implementing a healthcare approach based on equity, social justice and collective well-being.

On November 25, 2025, the Consejo Nacional de Inclusión Financiera (National Council for Financial Inclusion, or CONAIF) presented the Política Nacional de Inclusión Financiera 2025-2030 (National Financial Inclusion Policy 2025-2030), which aims to promote the financial inclusion of individuals and businesses in Mexico.

On December 2, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced the launch of 500 Farmacias del Bienestar (Well-being Pharmacies), which aim to benefit elderly populations and those with disabilities by improving access to medication, with plans to implement them throughout Mexico by March 2026.

On December 5, 2025, the Programa Institucional de Financiera Para el Bienestar 2025-2030 (Institutional Program of Finance Entity for Well-Being) 2025-2030) was published in the Official Gazette, outlining the five-year program of the decentralized agency tasked, with serving the interests of vulnerable populations in the financial system, including by providing reliable and timely financial services and products.

Government Agencies and Enterprises

On December 10, 2025, the Ministry of Economy published the Calendario de Presupuesto Autorizado a la Secretaría de Economía y Entidades Paraestatales Apoyadas para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Authorized Budget Calendar for the Ministry of Economy and Supported Parastatal Entities for Fiscal Year 2026) in the Official Gazette.

PUBLIC DEBT

Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

The following table sets forth the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements as a percentage of GDP at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 17 - Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

(Percentage of GDP)(1)

                                                                                                                                        
                                                              At September 30, 2024(2)             At September 30, 2025(2)   
Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements                               49.3%                                  49.9%   


(1)

The calculation of Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements is discussed in footnote 1 to Table No. 67 in "Public Debt-Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

For an explanation of Mexico's public debt classification, including an explanation of the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements, please see "Public Debt-Public Debt Classification" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-42

Table of Contents

Internal Debt

On October 2, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 137.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 34.2 billion, Ps. 66.4 billion, and Ps. 36.4 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-term instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On October 31, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 165.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 27.0 billion, Ps. 49.1 billion, and Ps. 88.9 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-dated instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On December 5, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out sustainability-linked bond offerings in the local market in the amount of Ps. 26,200 million consisting of an issuance of BONDES G with two, four and six year maturities and an issuance of a Bono S with a 10 year maturity, each under the SDG Sovereign Bond Framework.

Internal Public Sector Debt

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the public sector at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 18 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Public Sector

                                                                                                                                      
                                                At September 30, 2024(1)                  At September 30, 2025(1)   
                                                (in billions of pesos)     
Gross Debt                                      Ps.                        13,330.7                                  Ps.   14,909.6   
By Term                                                                                                                               
Long-term                                                                  12,532.0                                        14,302.9   
Short-term                                                                 798.7                                           606.6      
By User                                                                                                                               
Federal Government                                                         12,595.0                                        14,171.6   
State-Owned Public Companies (PEMEX and CFE)                               326.6                                           301.7      
Development Banks                                                          409.1                                           436.2      
Financial Assets                                                           760.6                                           1,103.5    
Total Net Debt                                  Ps.                        12,570.1                                  Ps.   13,806.1   
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                    40.3       %                                    42.7       % 
Net Internal Debt/GDP(2)                                                   38.0       %                                    39.6       % 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

The calculation of net internal debt is discussed in footnote 2 to Table No. 68 in "Public Debt-Internal Debt-Internal Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-43

Table of Contents

Internal Government Debt

As of January 2, 2026, there was no debt of any state or municipality guaranteed by the Government outstanding.

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the Government at each of the dates indicated.

Table No. 19 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Government(1)

                                                                                                                                                                     
                           At September 30, 2024                                          At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in billions of pesos, except percentages)   
Government Securities                                                   Ps.12,108.8                                    96.1    %       Ps.13,699.2           96.7    % 
Cetes                                                                   1,764.2                                        14.0            2,034.5               14.4    
Floating Rate Bonds(5)                                                  2,190.5                                        17.4            2,216.0               15.6    
Inflation-Linked Bonds                                                  3,583.8                                        28.5            4,209.1               29.7    
Fixed Rate Bonds                                                        4,560.3                                        36.2            5,264.3               37.1    
STRIPS of Udibonos                                                      9.9                                            0.1             10.2                  0.1     
Other(3)                                                                486.2                                          3.9             472.5                 3.3     
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Gross Debt                                                        Ps.12,595.0                                    100.0   %       Ps.14,171.6           100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Net Debt                                                                                                                                                             
Financial Assets(4)                                                     437.2                                                          500.9                         
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Net Debt                                                          Ps.12,157.8                                                    Ps.13,670.7                   
                                                                                                                                                                     
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                 38.0          %                                                40.6          %               
Net Internal Debt/GDP                                                   36.7          %                                                39.2          %               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Internal debt figures do not include securities sold by Banco de México in open-market operations to manage liquidity levels pursuant to Regulación Monetaria. This is because such sales do not increase the Government's overall level of internal debt. Banco de México must reimburse the Government for any allocated debt that Banco de México sells into the secondary market and that is presented to the Government for payment. If Banco de México undertakes extensive sales of allocated debt in the secondary market, however, this can result in an elevated level of outstanding internal debt as compared to the Government's figure for net internal debt.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

Includes Ps. 98.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and Ps. 88.0 billion at September 30, 2025 in liabilities associated with social security under the ISSSTE Law.

(4)

Includes the net balance (denominated in pesos) of the General Account of the Tesorería de la Federación (Treasury of the Federation) in Banco de México.

(5)

Figures correspond to BONDES D floating rate bonds, which are linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE), whereas BONDES F and BONDES G are floating-rate bonds linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio de fondeo (funding equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIEF).

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Debt

On September 8, 2025, Standard & Poor's affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

On October 28, 2025, HR Ratings affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB+, changing the outlook from negative to stable.

On October 30, 2025, Kroll Bond Rating Agency affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

External Public Sector Debt

According to preliminary figures, as of September 30, 2025, outstanding gross external public sector debt totaled U.S.$256.4 billion, an approximate U.S.$35.3 billion increase from the U.S.$221.0 billion outstanding on December 31, 2024. Of this amount, U.S.$254.2 billion represented long-term debt and U.S.$2.2 billion represented short-term debt. Net external indebtedness increased by U.S.$25.3 billion during the first nine months of 2025.

S-44

Table of Contents

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external public sector debt, including a breakdown of such debt by type, a breakdown of such debt by currency and net external public sector debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 20 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Type(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                             
                                                At September 30, 2024(3)                      At September 30, 2025(3)   
                                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Long-Term Direct Debt of the Government         U.S.$                           128,907.8                                U.S.$   153,002.7   
Long-Term Debt of Budget Controlled Agencies                                    83,991.7                                         95,804.1    
Other Long-Term Public Debt(4)                                                  5,081.3                                          5,352.0     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long-Term Debt                            U.S.$                           217,980.8                                U.S.$   254,158.8   
                                                                                                                                             
Total Short-Term Debt                                                           6,767.7                                          2,196.1     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long- and Short-Term Debt                 U.S.$                           224,748.5                                U.S.$   256,354.9   
                                                                                                                                             


Table No. 21 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Currency(1)

                                                                                                                                                                       
                   At September 30, 2024 (3)                                             At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   168,884.1                                   75.1    %     U.S.$   190,191.4         74.2    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               7,123.6                                     3.2                   7,078.9           2.8     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                     1.4                   4,371.3           1.7     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,944.6                                     0.9                   1,952.1           0.8     
Euros                                                                      30,375.7                                    13.5                  36,911.9          14.4    
Others                                                                     13,343.5                                    5.9                   15,849.3          6.2     
                                                                                                                                                                       
Total              U.S.$                                                   224,748.9                                   100.0   %     U.S.$   256,354.9         100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                       


Table No. 22 - Net External Debt of the Public Sector(1)

                                                                                                                                                   
                           At September 30, 2024 (3)                                               At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   219,817.5                                   U.S.$   243,645.2   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            13.0        %                                       13.0        % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              12.7        %                                       12.4        % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

External debt denominated in foreign currencies other than U.S. dollars has been translated into dollars at exchange rates as of each of the dates indicated. External public debt does not include (a) repurchase obligations of Banco de México with the IMF (none of which was outstanding as of September 30, 2025) or (b) loans from the Commodity Credit Corporation to public sector Mexican banks. External debt is presented herein on a "gross" basis and includes external obligations of the public sector at their full outstanding face or principal amount. For certain informational and statistical purposes, Mexico sometimes reports its external public sector debt on a "net" basis, which is calculated as the gross debt net of certain financial assets held abroad. These financial assets include Mexican public sector external debt that is held by public sector entities but that has not been cancelled.

(3)

Adjusted to reflect the effect of currency swaps.

(4)

Includes debt of development banks and other administratively-controlled agencies whose finances are consolidated with those of the Government.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-45

Table of Contents

External Government Debt

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external Government debt, including the gross external Government debt, net external Government debt and net Government debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 23 - Gross External Debt of the Government by Currency

                                                                                                                                                                      
                   At September 30, 2024                                                 At September 30, 2025(2)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   82,687.5                                   64.1    %     U.S.$   95,634.8          62.5    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               6,305.8                                    4.9                   6,286.8           4.1     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                    2.4                   4,371.3           2.9     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,341.1                                    1.0                   1,346.3           0.9     
Euros                                                                      22,976.7                                   17.8                  30,286.3          19.8    
Others                                                                     12,519.4                                   9.7                   15,077.2          9.9     
                                                                                                                                                                      
Total              U.S.$                                                   128,907.9                                  100.0         U.S.$   153,002.7         100.0   
                                                                                                                                                                      


Table No. 24 - Net External Debt of the Government

                                                                                                                                                    
                           At September 30, 2024                                                     At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   125,755.2                                    U.S.$   150,368.7   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            7.5         %(2)                                     7.8         % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              7.3         %(2)                                     7.7         % 


Table No. 25 - Net Debt of the Government

                                                                                           
                    At September 30, 2024              At September 30, 2025(2)   
Internal Debt                               83.1   %                                83.2   % 
External Debt(1)                            16.9   %                                16.8   % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

The calculation of external debt is discussed in footnote 3 to Table No. 77 in "Public Debt-External Public Debt-External Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Securities Offerings and Liability Management Transactions

On September 19, 2025, Mexico issued €2,500,000,000 of its 3.500% Global Notes due 2029, €1,500,000,000 of its 4.500% Global Notes due 2034 and €1,250,000,000 of its 5.125% Global Notes due 2038.

On September 22, 2025, Mexico issued $1,500,000,000 of its 4.750% Global Notes due 2031, $4,000,000,000 of its 5.375% Global Notes due 2033 and $2,500,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2035.

On January 9, 2026, Mexico issued $3,000,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2034, $4,000,000,000 of its 6.125% Global Notes due 2038, and $2,000,000,000 of its 6.750% Global Notes due 2056.

IMF Credit Lines

On November 13, 2025, the IMF Executive Board renewed the Flexible Credit Line Arrangement with Mexico for two more years, maintaining it as a precautionary instrument to support external resilience.

S-46

Table of Contents

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

The underwriters severally have agreed to purchase, and Mexico has agreed to sell to them, the principal amount of each series of notes listed opposite their names below. The terms agreement, dated as of January 12, 2026, between Mexico and the underwriters provides the terms and conditions that govern this purchase.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Underwriters                                     Principal Amountof the 2031 notes                     Principal Amountof the 2036 notes                       Principal Amountof the 2040 notes   
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.            €                                   333,400,000                                           €   291,550,000                                           €   166,700,000     
Banco Santander, S.A.                            €                                   333,400,000                                           €   291,550,000                                           €   166,700,000     
BNP PARIBAS                                      €                                   333,400,000                                           €   291,725,000                                           €   166,600,000     
Citigroup Global Markets Limited                 €                                   333,400,000                                           €   291,725,000                                           €   166,600,000     
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank    €                                   333,200,000                                           €   291,725,000                                           €   166,700,000     
Société Générale                                 €                                   333,200,000                                           €   291,725,000                                           €   166,700,000     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Total                                            €                                   2,000,000,000                                         €   1,750,000,000                                         €   1,000,000,000   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         


Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Société Générale are acting as joint bookrunners in connection with the offering of the notes.

The underwriters plan to offer the notes to the public at the respective public offering price set forth for the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. After the initial offering of the notes, the underwriters may vary the offering price and other selling terms. The underwriters may offer and sell the notes through certain of their respective affiliates. Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

The underwriters are purchasing and offering the notes, subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of the validity of the notes by counsel and other conditions contained in the terms agreement, such as the receipt by the underwriters of certificates of officials and legal opinions. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders, in whole or in part.

Certain of the underwriters are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer. To the extent that any such underwriter intends to effect sales in the United States or to U.S. persons, they will do so only through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers or otherwise as permitted by applicable U.S. laws and regulations.

Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Mexico or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mexico or its affiliates. If any of the underwriters or their affiliates has a lending relationship with us, certain of those underwriters or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those underwriters or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, these underwriters and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in our securities, including potentially the notes offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the notes offered hereby. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

S-47

Table of Contents

In order to facilitate the offering of the notes, the underwriters and their affiliates may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or affect the price of the notes. In particular, the underwriters or their affiliates may:

•

over-allot in connection with the offering (i.e., apportion to dealers more of the notes than the underwriters have), creating a short position in the notes for their own accounts;

•

bid for and purchase notes in the open market to cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the notes; or

•

if the underwriters or their affiliates repurchase previously distributed notes, reclaim selling concessions which they gave to dealers when they sold the notes.

Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the notes above independent market levels. The underwriters or their affiliates are not required to engage in these activities, but, if they do, they may discontinue them at any time.

Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the underwriters, or any person acting on behalf of the underwriters, in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. This supplements the stabilization provision in the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025 issued by Mexico.

It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on the fourth business day following the date hereof (such settlement cycle being referred to herein as "T+4"). Trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+4, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery should consult their own advisors.

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately €4,727,117,500, after the deduction of the underwriting discount and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately €325,000.

The underwriters have agreed to pay for certain expenses of Mexico in connection with the offering of the notes.

Mexico has agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or to contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in respect of any of those liabilities.

S-48

Table of Contents

Selling Restrictions

The notes are being offered for sale in jurisdictions where it is legal to make such offers. The notes will not be sold or offered in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. There will not be any distribution or publication of any document or information relating to the notes in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. If you receive this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, then you must comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the place where you (a) purchase, offer, sell or deliver the notes or (b) possess, distribute or publish any offering material relating to the notes. Your compliance with these laws and regulations will be at your own expense.

In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay. See below and "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus for further details on the restrictions on the offer and sale of the notes.

The terms relating to non-U.S. offerings that appear under "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus do not apply to the offer and sale of the notes under the registration statement.

Austria

This document (the prospectus supplement and prospectus) is not an approved securities prospectus pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ("Prospectus Regulation") and the information contained herein does not constitute a public offer to grant or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the notes. No prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be provided or approved in the Republic of Austria and no prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be passported into the Republic of Austria as the notes are only offered in the Republic of Austria in reliance on an exemption from the prospectus publication requirement under the Prospectus Regulation.

This document does not constitute a public offering (öffentliches Angebot) to investors in the Republic of Austria and must not be used in conjunction with a public offering pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) in the Republic of Austria. No prospectus pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) has been or will be approved (gebilligt) by or notified (notifiziert) to the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsicht) and no such prospectus has been or will be published in Austria in any way which would constitute a public offering under Austrian law (whether presently or in the future), nor has been or will such prospectus be deposited with the filing office (Meldestelle) of Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG.

This document is being made available in the Republic of Austria for the sole purpose of providing information about the securities described herein solely to individually qualified investors in Austria. This document is being made available on the condition that it is solely for the use of the recipient as a potential and individually qualified investor and may not be passed on to any other person or reproduced in whole or in part.

S-49

Table of Contents

Consequently, the notes are not authorized for public offering under the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) and no public offers or public sales or invitation to make such an offer may be made. No advertisements may be published and no marketing materials may be made available or distributed in the Republic of Austria in respect of the securities. A public offering of the securities in the Republic of Austria without the prior publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Austrian Capital Market Act would constitute a criminal offense under Austrian law.

Belgium

In Belgium, this offer is not directly or indirectly, being made to, or for the account of, any person other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers/investisseurs qualifiés) within the meaning of Article 2, e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. (Règlement (UE) 2017/1129 du 14 juin 2017 du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant le prospectus à publier en cas d'offre au public de valeurs mobilières ou en vue de l'admission de valeurs mobilières à la négociation sur un marché réglementé, et abrogeant la directive 2003/71/CE/Verordening (EU) 2017/1129 van het Europees Parlement en de Raad van 14 juni 2017 betreffende het prospectus dat moet worden gepubliceerd wanneer effecten aan het publiek worden aangeboden of tot de handel op een gereglementeerde markt worden toegelaten en tot intrekking van Richtlijn 2003/71/EG) ("The Regulation"), as amended or replaced from time to time, and that do not qualify as consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law of February 28, 2013 (Qualified Belgian Investors). As a result, and further to Article 1, 4, a of The Regulation this offer does not constitute a public offer pursuant to Article 3, 1 of The Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time. Consequently, the offer has not been and will not be notified to, and the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and any other offering material relating to the offer has not been, and will not be, submitted to nor approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) pursuant to the Belgian laws and regulations applicable to the public offering of securities. The offer as well as any other materials relating to the offer may not be advertised, and this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus or any other information circular, brochure or similar document may not be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Belgium other than Qualified Belgian Investors, acting on their own account, and may not be used in connection with any offering in Belgium except as may otherwise be permitted by law.

Brazil

The offer and sale of the notes have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (comissão de valores mobiliários, or "CVM") and, therefore, will not be carried out by any means that would constitute a public offering in Brazil under CVM Resolution No 160, dated 13 July 2022, as amended ("CVM Resolution 160") or unauthorized distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The notes will be authorized for trading on organized non-Brazilian securities markets and may only be offered to Brazilian professional investors (as defined by applicable CVM regulation), who may only acquire the notes through a non-Brazilian account, with settlement outside Brazil in non-Brazilian currency. The trading of these securities on regulated securities markets in Brazil is prohibited.

S-50

Table of Contents

Canada

The notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to section 3A.4 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

Chile

Notice to Chilean Investors

The offer of the notes in Chile is made solely on a private placement basis, pursuant to CMF General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, as amended by the Financial Market Commission of Chile (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, or "CMF") General Rule No. 452 ("Rule 336"), and only to persons in Chile that qualify as "Qualified Investors" (Inversionistas Calificados) under CMF General Rule No. 216, including, as applicable, "Institutional Investors" under CMF General Rule No. 410.

Pursuant to Rule 336, the following information is made available to prospective investors in Chile:

(1)

Date of commencement of the offer: January 12, 2026;

(2)

the notes are not registered in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) kept by the CMF, and therefore are not subject to the supervision of the CMF;

(3)

since the notes are not registered in Chile, the issuer has no obligation to provide public information in Chile regarding the notes; and

(4)

the notes may not be publicly offered in Chile unless they are registered with the relevant CMF registries.

The notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Chile or to any person resident or domiciled in Chile, except in transactions that qualify as a private offering under Rule 336. No public marketing, advertising or general solicitation may be conducted in or from Chile and offering materials may not be publicly distributed or made available in Chile (including through unrestricted electronic means). Investors in Chile will be required to represent their status as Qualified Investors and acknowledge these restrictions.

Colombia

The notes may not be offered, sold or negotiated in Colombia, except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The notes have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Issuers and Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Valores) managed by the Colombian Superintendence of Finance, therefore, this document does not constitute and may not be used for, or in connection with, a public offering as defined under Colombian law.

S-51

Table of Contents

Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

(a)

a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

(b)

a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

France

The notes may not be offered or sold or caused to be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France and neither this prospectus supplement and the related prospectus, which have not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers ("AMF"), nor to a competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area (a "Member State") that would have notified its approval to the AMF in accordance with the passport procedure provided under the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in France and in the relevant Member State, nor any other offering material or information contained therein relating to the notes may be released, issued or distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, or used in connection with any offer for subscription, exchange or sale of the notes to the public in France.

Any such offers, sales and distributions may be made in France only to (i) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in article 2 point (e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or to (ii) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in Articles L.411-2(1) and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1 and L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

Germany

This document does not constitute a prospectus compliant with the Prospectus Regulation and does therefore not allow any public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"). No prospectus (Prospekt) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) or any other applicable laws in Germany has been or will be published in Germany, nor has this document been filed with, approved by or notified to the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) for publication in Germany.

This document is strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus are strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

S-52

Table of Contents

Hong Kong

The notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O, and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

The contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Each intermediary or purchaser of the notes is advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer of the notes and, if in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, should obtain independent professional advice.

The notes are not the equivalent to time deposits and are not protected deposits under the Deposit Protection Scheme in Hong Kong.

Italy

The offering of the notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus nor any other document relating to any notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

The offering of the notes is being carried out in the Republic of Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 1, paragraph 4, letter c), of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

The notes may not be offered, sold or delivered nor any copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement and/or any other document relating to the notes may be distributed in the Republic of Italy except in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as provided under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the "Consolidated Financial Act") and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the "Issuer Regulation").

Any offer, sale or delivery of the notes or distribution of copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement or any other document relating to the notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling restrictions set out above and be:

(a)

made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") (in each case, as amended) and any other applicable laws or regulation;

S-53

Table of Contents

(b)

in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and

(c)

in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.

Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the notes or the relevant offering.

Japan

The notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and each underwriter and agent will represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

Luxembourg

The notes may not be offered to the public in Luxembourg, except in the following circumstances:

a.

in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those notes which have been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (CSSF) in Luxembourg or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant European Union Member State and notified to ESMA and the CSSF, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication (hereafter a "Public offer");

b.

at any time to qualified investors, which, pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, means persons or entities that are listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with Section II of that Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of Directive 2014/65/EU unless they have entered into an agreement to be treated as non-professional clients in accordance with the fourth paragraph of Section I of that Annex. For the purposes of applying the first sentence of this point, investment firms and credit institutions shall, upon request from the issuer, communicate the classification of their clients to the issuer subject to compliance with the relevant laws on data protection;

c.

an offer of securities addressed to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State, other than qualified investors; and/or

d.

at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the issuer of a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation.

S-54

Table of Contents

The applicability of the selling restrictions provided by Luxembourg law will depend on whether the invitation is to be treated as a public offer or whether it can be made under one of the exemptions of Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "private placement").

For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of notes to the public in relation to any notes in Luxembourg means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase the notes, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or any variation thereof or amendment thereto.

Mexico

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV, and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors in Mexico that qualify as institutional and accredited investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

Netherlands

The notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).

Peru

The notes and the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been and will not be registered with or approved by the SMV, SBS, as defined under Peruvian law, or the Lima Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the notes cannot be offered or sold in Peru, except if such offering is a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian Securities Market Law establishes that any offering may qualify as a private offering if it is directed exclusively to institutional investors.

Singapore

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

S-55

Table of Contents

Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term or provision as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time.

Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore: The notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

Spain

The notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of the notes be carried out in Spain except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under the (i) Spanish Securities Markets Act, Law 6/2023 on the Securities Markets and Investment Services, dated March 17 (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), the (ii) EU Prospectus Regulation, and (iii) supplemental rules enacted thereunder.

The notes may only be offered in Spain by entities authorized under the Spanish Securities Markets Act and Royal Decree 813/2023, of November 8, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and other entities that provide investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the provisions thereunder.

Offers of notes in Spain shall only be directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible counterparties, as defined in articles 194 and 196 of the Spanish Securities Market Act, respectively.

None of the notes, this offering or this prospectus supplement and its contents have been approved or registered with the Spanish Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).

Switzerland

The offer of the notes is made in Switzerland on the basis of a private placement, not as a public offering. The notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer of the notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

S-56

Table of Contents

United Kingdom

Each underwriter has, severally and not jointly, represented and agreed that:

(a)

it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuer; and

(b)

it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.

Uruguay

The sale of any series of notes issued hereby qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627. Mexico represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any notes to the public in Uruguay, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The sale of any series of notes hereunder is not and will not be registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay.

S-57

Table of Contents

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público

Insurgentes Sur 1971

Torre III, Piso 7

Colonia Guadalupe Inn

Ciudad de México, México, 01020

TRUSTEE, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT,

AUTHENTICATING AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT

AND EXCHANGE RATE AGENT

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

1 Columbus Circle, Floor 4S

New York, New York 10019

LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

69 route d'Esch

L - 2953 Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

LEGAL ADVISORS TO MEXICO

                                                                                                       
As to United States LawCleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLPOne Liberty PlazaNew York, New York 10006  As to Mexican LawDeputy Federal Fiscal Attorney for Financial AffairsMinistry of Finance and Public CreditInsurgentes Sur 795Piso 12Colonia NápolesCiudad de México, México, 03810


LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE UNDERWRITERS

                                                                                          
As to United States LawSullivan & Cromwell LLP125 Broad StreetNew York, New York 10004   As to Mexican LawRitch, Mueller y Nicolau, S.C.Av. Pedregal No. 24Piso 10Col. Molino del ReyCiudad de México, México, 11040


S-58

Disclaimer

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 13, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 13, 2026 at 21:36 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020260113em1d01qqe




CENAFTAENG
TRUMP plans to ATTACK the CARTELS in MEXICO by LAND with a MILITARY incursion.

Editor_Pxp 
2,877 words
13 January 2026
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

"We are now going to start attacking the cartels on land. The cartels are controlling Mexico," US President Donald Trump said last night in an interview with Fox News. Hours earlier, when asked by The New York Times if there were limits to his global power, he replied: "Yes, there is one thing. My own morality. My own mind. That's the only thing that can stop me (...) I don't need international law."

Trump reiterated on Fox News that "we stopped 97 percent of the drugs coming in by sea" and repeated that drugs "are killing 250,000 people in our nation every year, it's devastating," without presenting evidence to support his claims.

The United States is conducting a military campaign in international waters in the Caribbean and the eastern Pacific, in which at least 115 people have been extrajudicially executed in bombings of boats that it accused, without evidence, of transporting drugs, since last September.

The president praised the work done by the military during the recent attack on Venezuela and said that only two soldiers were wounded. "We didn't lose a single soldier," boasted the White House chief.

He insisted that the United States had taken over the Venezuelan oil industry and announced that the main US companies in the sector would invest around $100 billion to rebuild that branch of the Bolivarian republic.

Trump, who has claimed that he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize, said that next week he will receive María Corina Machado, who won that award, in Washington.

"Well, it would be a great honor, I ended eight wars," he said of Machado's intention to share her award with him.

In his interview with The New York Times, the tycoon described the rules of the post-World War II international order as "unnecessary burdens on a superpower." However, he dismissed the idea that the leaders of China and Russia, Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin, respectively, could use similar logic to the detriment of the United States.

He dismissed the idea that Washington's military intervention in Caracas had set a precedent that would allow Beijing or Moscow to justify a Chinese attempt to take Taiwan or a Russian attempt to seize Ukraine. He argued that his view of the threat posed by the Venezuela of kidnapped President Nicolás Maduro was very different from Xi's view of Taiwan.

"This (Venezuela) was a real threat," he said. "There were no people entering China (...) There were no drugs coming into China. There were none of the bad things we have had. There were no prisons in Taiwan open and people entering China en masse," nor other criminals "entering Russia en masse," he added.

Likewise, in a statement released by the U.S. Embassy in Peru, U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said, "We are at war with drug trafficking organizations, not in a war against Venezuela. We will not allow the Western Hemisphere to be a base of operations for the adversaries, competitors, and rivals of the United States. What matters most to us is the security, protection, well-being, and prosperity of the United States."

"Bomb Cuba mercilessly"

As for Cuba, which has been under an economic blockade by the United States for more than 60 years, Trump said in an interview yesterday with Hugh Hewitt on Salem Radio that he does not believe "much more pressure can be exerted" on the island, "except to go in and bomb the place mercilessly.

"Their entire source of sustenance, their entire life, was Venezuela. That's where they got their oil and money," he said. "I think Cuba is hanging by a thread. Cuba is in big trouble (...) They are tough, strong people. They are great people. Marco (Rubio) has a little Cuban blood in him. The island has been in trouble for the past 25 years (...) they haven't completely fallen, but I think they're pretty close to doing so of their own accord," said the tycoon.

Meanwhile, the White House credited Trump with the release of prisoners announced yesterday in Venezuela. "This is an example of how the president is using his influence to the fullest to do what is right for the American and Venezuelan people," said Deputy Press Secretary Anna Kelly in a statement to AFP.

The releases were welcomed by the presidents of Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, and Colombia, Gustavo Petro, as well as by OAS Secretary General Albert Ramdin and humanitarian organizations.

Why do they not see the attacks Trump is talking about as likely in Mexico?

But analysts emphasize that Mexico's situation is radically different from that of Venezuela or other countries that Washington has targeted, such as Cuba.

First, because of the democratic legitimacy of President Claudia Sheinbaum's government. Second, because it is the United States' main trading partner and 40 million Mexicans live in the northern neighbor. And third, because Secretary of State Marco Rubio himself "has acknowledged that cooperation with Mexico is at a high level,

"

recalled Martha Bárcena, former Mexican ambassador to Washington.

"An intervention, a military action in Mexico, would put cooperation on hold," said Carlos Pérez Ricart of the Center for Economic Research and Teaching, a Mexican public university. And that could be very problematic for the United States because it would weaken Sheinbaum and leave it without a partner to work with. The only interest the academic could see in Trump making such a decision would be electoral, ahead of this year's legislative elections, but even so, it would be very risky.

Saucedo added that military action also involves money, logistics, and risks, while "a comment, a post on social media, has no cost, is painless," and has been very effective.

Saucedo does not rule out Trump demanding greater access to the country for his security agencies, even if his actions are presented by Mexico as coordinated actions and national achievements, more high-profile arrests, the imposition of new tariffs, or pressure, for example, on Mexico to stop sending oil to Cuba.

"With ongoing negotiations on punitive tariffs, the statutory review process of the TMEC, and the delicate agenda of anti-narcotics cooperation, the Mexican government will have to tread carefully in its positioning and statements," warned Arturo Sarukhán, another former Mexican ambassador to Washington. In his view, "protecting" Maduro "could cost Mexico dearly," and Sheinbaum's current support for Havana could also be very delicate.

Diplomat Martha Bárcena says that what Mexico needs to do is fight harder against political corruption linked to organized crime and continue to defend international law.

But no one dares to completely rule out military action, even if the chances are very slim. "The United States does not operate under the logic of rationality," said Pérez Ricart. "At this point, all possibilities are open, even those that were unimaginable a year ago.

"

Trump's attack on Mexico would be disastrous for the US: Democrats

Democratic lawmakers warned that an attack on Mexico ordered by President Donald Trump would be disastrous for the United States.

Seventy-two Democrats in the House of Representatives sent a letter to Secretary of State Marco Rubio. In it, they recognize Mexico as a strategic ally in security matters.

They also noted that "Mexico has dramatically increased its cooperation with the United States." Therefore, they warned:

"Any unilateral military action would violate Mexico's sovereignty and tarnish the new era of cooperation that Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum has ushered in."

They also warned that a possible U.S. attack would destroy trust and weaken cooperation with Mexican authorities. It would also make it more difficult to eliminate drugs on U.S. soil.

They acknowledged that the Sheinbaum administration has reduced homicides and increased the seizure of fentanyl and chemical precursors.

Democratic congressmen also emphasized that Mexico is the United States' main trading partner, with which it shares family and border ties.

They argued that U.S. foreign direct investment in Mexico exceeded $14.5 billion in 2025. In addition, they indicated that more than one million jobs in the US depend on trade with Mexico. Furthermore, more than five million other workers are linked to trade with Mexico.

On the other hand, Democrats also criticized the attack on Venezuela and the arrest of President Nicolás Maduro and his wife, Cilia Flores.

Donald Trump recently warned that he is considering ground operations against drug cartels in Mexican territory. In an interview with Fox, he said:

"We are going to start attacking the land right now, as far as the cartels are concerned. The cartels rule Mexico."

U.S. seeks legal justification to combat drug trafficking in Mexico

To legally justify a possible military incursion by U.S. troops on Mexican soil to combat drug cartels, within the framework of national security, the U.S. State Department is already working through its legal department to review the legal implications that would support such an intervention in favor of the U.S., rather than evaluating Mexican legal frameworks related to these measures that remain on the White House's table.

Washington is reviewing all national and international legal frameworks that support the decision to take military action outside the US in the context of combating transnational organized crime. So far, the secrecy within the State Department is logical, as no formal decision or concrete actions resulting from this legal review have been announced yet.

The evaluation of arguments justifying the US attacking drug traffickers in Mexico is taking place amid a climate of heightened tension following a recent US military operation in Venezuela that culminated in the capture of Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro, which has sparked debate about the legality of extraterritorial actions.

The legal instruction coincides with statements by President Trump, who announced in an interview with Fox News that his administration "will begin to attack the cartels on land" after having greatly reduced the flow of drugs by sea, describing these groups as a persistent threat to U.S. security.

Trump has insisted and stated on several occasions that the cartels "run Mexico" and linked drug trafficking to tens of thousands of deaths in his country, without specifying how or when ground operations would be carried out against targets such as the Sinaloa, Jalisco Nueva Generación (CJNG), and Familia Michoacana cartels, among others.

The idea has been strongly rejected in Mexico, where any invasion would be considered a violation of national sovereignty. In the United States, Democratic lawmakers have also opposed unilateral military action without congressional authorization and have asked Secretary of State Marco Rubio to commit to not taking such action.

The United States could begin attacking the cartels by land, even within Mexican territory. Trump said these measures could involve greater U.S. involvement if Mexican authorities fail to contain cartel activity, to which Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo has confirmed that she has contacted key U.S. officials to address these security concerns.

Mexico might seem a logical target for what Trump calls his battle against illegal drugs. It is the main producer of fentanyl destined for the United States and the main corridor for cocaine from Colombia. That makes it a much more important player in the global drug trade than Venezuela.

However, Trump's description of the Mexican drug trafficking world does not match the reality of how these criminal organizations operate, according to security analysts and academic experts consulted by CNN.

Most of the old cartels have fragmented. About 400 criminal groups of varying sizes operate throughout the country, said Eduardo Guerrero, director of Lantia Intelligence, a Mexican consulting group that monitors armed organizations.

The largest drug trafficking groups have become more sophisticated, with numerous interconnected parts. The most powerful, the Jalisco New Generation Cartel, is made up of around 90 organizations, Guerrero said—up from 45 just a few years ago.

"This fragmentation has meant that a more complex and sophisticated strategy is needed to weaken and dismantle them," the specialist explained.

Consumers

Trafficking organizations have become complex economic networks with a large consumer base, more akin to multinational corporations than traditional terrorist groups, said Benjamin T. Smith, historian and author of "The Dope: the Real History of the Mexican Drug Trade."

Increasingly, they seek to control territories and impose "taxes" on almost everyone in their area of influence. That includes both legal businesses, such as avocado growers, and drug traffickers and migrants heading to the United States. Those who do not pay risk being killed.

What makes the country's security particularly challenging is that "no one has firm control, neither the cartels nor the government," Falko Ernst, a researcher on organized crime in Mexico, told the same U.S. network. In some areas, such as Mexico City, the government has the upper hand. In others, armed groups rule.

Tension

Reports in USA Today refer to recent reports detailing a climate of growing tension, with the Trump administration weighing strong measures to combat drug trafficking and drug-related violence spreading to the United States, with bipartisan attention in Congress and warnings about legal and diplomatic complexities highlighted by both countries.

Meanwhile, Mexican authorities highlight existing security cooperation with the United States and the success in dismantling drug laboratories, while U.S. officials insist on the urgency of taking more forceful measures as part of a broader "Donroe Doctrine" that affirms U.S. leadership in the Western Hemisphere.

"Donald Trump is willing to do anything"

Encouraged by the successful U.S. military operation in Venezuela to arrest Nicolás Maduro and his wife, President Donald Trump said that U.S. forces were preparing ground attacks against drug cartels in Mexico.

According to the Republican president, these criminal groups control the Latin American country and are responsible for the deaths of up to 300,000 Americans a year.

But on January 12, 2026, Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum said that a U.S. military intervention in her country had been ruled out after talking to Trump on the phone. "We continue to collaborate within the framework of our sovereignty," added the president, who spoke of a respectful call.

Provocation and dialogue

The Mexican government is aware that "provocative statements" are part of the US president's communication style, observes political scientist Ulises Flores Llanos, professor and researcher at the Latin American Faculty of Social Sciences (Flacso) in Mexico.

In his opinion, Sheinbaum takes Washington's threats seriously, "but with the necessary caution that comes with understanding Trump's personality." The US president's public statements are usually followed by "a lot of conciliation, a lot of dialogue," Flores tells DW.

That is why the Flacso expert doubts that the Mexican government will substantially change its bilateral policy toward its northern neighbor. "Mexico has always cooperated with the United States in many ways," for example, in trade, immigration, and the fight against organized crime.

On Monday, for example, Sheinbaum reported that the flow of fentanyl from Mexico to the US had been reduced by 50 percent.

"I don't think Washington is considering an intervention like the one in Venezuela, because Venezuela is a very different case," adds Flores, who has a PhD in public policy.

"Trump has the upper hand and is willing to do anything," believes Guadalupe Correa Cabrera, co-director of the Center for Terrorism, Transnational Crime, and Corruption (TraCCC) at George Mason University.

"Due to asymmetries and geographical location, beyond governments and their ideology, Mexico is closely linked to the United States and will do whatever the United States wants," says the professor at the Schar School of Policy and Government.

"Claudia Sheinbaum is willing to wage a war on drugs very similar to the one waged by former President Felipe Calderón (2006-2012), without as much threat, without as much pressure," the academic continues.

Correa recalls that midterm elections will be held in the United States in 2026, so she does not rule out "spectacular actions" aimed at Trump's "disillusioned" support base. The expert refers specifically to unilateral operations by U.S. forces in Mexico.

Following the military operation in Venezuela, Correa does believe that an intervention on Mexican soil is possible. "I didn't believe it before, but now I think this goes much further, to really reaffirm that America is for Americans and reaffirm the removal of any foreign influence."

Who is threatening sovereignty?

While Donald Trump insists on his offer to send troopsTo her Latin American neighbor, the Mexican president has made it clear that she is not willing to accept this type of cooperation on the ground, emphasizing her country's sovereignty.

However, Yadira Gálvez Salvador, professor and researcher at the Faculty of Political and Social Sciences at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), points out that drug cartels are already infringing on the sovereign character of the state.

"Transnational criminal organizations that control territories, engage in extortion, and impose social rules and norms threaten Mexico's national sovereignty," Gálvez told DW.

While the UNAM expert rules out a large-scale military operation, she believes unilateral actions are possible, such as air strikes against facilities or fentanyl laboratories, or specific surgical operations to arrest some of the leaders of criminal organizations.

Document NAFTA00020260113em1d000mf




CE Noticias Financieras English
For Venezuela? Mexico must accelerate investments, and here's why

408 words
13 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

2026 is shaping up to be a year of structural definitions for the global and Mexican economies. 

In an environment marked by geopolitical conflicts and a reconfiguration of powers, Aranxa Sánchez, chief economist at Bankaool, warns that Mexico faces a duality: while the stability of the peso depends more on the weakness of the dollar than on internal factors, she stressed that the country must accelerate its private investment so as not to lose ground to new poles of attraction, such as Venezuela under the orbit of US investment. 

She predicted that the exchange rate will hit a low of 17.35 pesos per dollar in April, then rebound to 19.00 pesos in the fall as negotiations on the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) progress. 

Domestically, he said that the main concern lies in the decline in investment and reforms that affect the business environment. 

EDITOR'S PICK

Remittances under pressure! New tax will cost family finances $3 billion

Tariffs 2026: Economy seeks to protect 350,000 jobs in Mexico

Sánchez pointed out that the reform of the judiciary, the elimination of autonomous bodies, and changes to the Amparo Law have increased the perception of risk. 

"The rule of law has been increasingly perceived as weakening. If there is no investment, even if we have the lowest tariff rate, that foreign direct investment is not going to stay here." 

The Bankaool economist stressed that, although fiscal discipline has kept credit ratings safe, the real challenge is to expand the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). 

She stressed that the focus should be on Plan Mexico and mixed energy projects that will attract the capital flows needed to overcome the economic stagnation that has plagued the country for more than a decade. 

GLOBAL EVENTS WILL CAUSE INFLATION TO SPIKE 

The economic outlook for Mexico in 2026 will not only be conditioned by geopolitics, but also by significant internal events that will exert direct pressure on consumers' pockets and companies' cost structures. 

Sánchez warned that the World Cup is setting the stage for complex inflation, especially in the service sector. 

Unlike other short-lived mass events, the 2026 World Cup will have a prolonged impact on core inflation, particularly in Mexico City, Guadalajara, and Monterrey. According to Sánchez, this effect will remain in place from the beginning of the year until the end of the tournament.

Document NFINCE0020260113em1d0086m




CE Noticias Financieras English
British government offers job vacancy in Mexico with a monthly salary of over 33,000 pesos

649 words
13 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

MEXICO CITY (apro).— The British government has opened a job vacancy in Mexico for the position of Investment Analyst within the Department for Business and Trade, based at the British Embassy in Mexico City and with a monthly salary of 33,751 pesos, according to official information from the vacancy announcement released by the British diplomatic mission.

The job offer was announced by the UK Embassy in Mexico through a post on social media platform X and is for afull-time position, with a 38-hour working week and a hybrid working arrangement.

The position is part of the functions of the Department for Business and Trade (DBT), a British government agency responsible for promoting international trade, foreign investment, and economic growth in the United Kingdom through its network of offices in embassies and high commissions.

Analysis, context, and facts. Click and follow us on Google News

The position focuses on attracting investment to the United Kingdom

According to the official job description, the successful candidate will join the DBT 's Foreign Direct Investment team in Mexico, with the aim of supporting the attraction of high-value investment from Mexico and other Latin American countries to the UK.

The role involves working directly with counterparts in Mexico and the UK, as well as conducting market research and analyzing business opportunities to share commercial intelligence with companies, investors, and authorities interested in the British ecosystem.

The DBT team in Latin America operates under the coordination of the UK Trade Commissioner for the region and works closely with diplomatic staff to promote exports, attract foreign capital, and facilitate market access.

Duties assigned to the investment analyst

The call for applications states that the Investment Analyst will be required to support activities to attract foreign direct investment, collaborate in the implementation of venture capital strategies, and assist senior management in dealing with investors.

Responsibilities include: Preparing market reports

Identifying business opportunities

Monitoring investment projects

Organizing events

Trade missions

Official visits

Updating databases and customer management systems

The position also involves monitoring the media and the internet to identify relevant opportunities, preparing sector presentations, and supporting the expansion plans of companies seeking to establish operations in the United Kingdom. Academic profile and experience required

The British government requires that interested candidates have a bachelor's degree in finance, administration, commerce, international relations, or related disciplines, as well as proficiency in Spanish and English.

The vacancy requires professional experience in business environments, communication skills, research capabilities, and proficiency with office tools, particularly Excel. Desirable requirements include previous experience in supporting international investors, knowledge of the venture capital ecosystem, and familiarity with the business environments of Mexico and the United Kingdom.

The position is at the Executive Officer level and is open to individuals who are authorized to live and work in Mexico at the time of application. Salary, benefits, and working conditions

The position offers a monthly salary of 33,751 pesos, in addition to benefits such as: 30 days' bonus per year worked

50% vacation bonus

Annual performance bonus

Social security in accordance with Mexican law

Private health insurance for the employee and their dependents

The work schedule is hybrid, with three days of in-office work, Monday through Friday. The position also includes access to training and professional development programs, as well as learning opportunities related to international trade and investment. Deadline and application process

The deadline for submitting applications is January 19, 2026, before 11:55 p.m. local time. The selection process is carried out using an online form that must be completed in full, as resumes are not considered at the initial stage.

The procedure includes anonymous filters, interviews, professional reference checks, and security checks. Those who are not selected may be placed on a reserve list for future similar vacancies.

Document NFINCE0020260113em1d00785




CE Noticias Financieras English
Dollar price in Mexico today, Monday, January 12, 2026

179 words
12 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City.- On Monday, January 12, 2026, the Mexican peso remained stable after starting the day with a slight appreciation against the dollar, backed by investor confidence that has allowed it to maintain its strength.

At the start of the day, the dollar was trading at 17.92 pesos and closed slightly lower at 17.91. With this performance, the U.S. currency has accumulated a weekly decline of 0.47%, while on an annual basis it remains down 12.93%.

The favorable performance of the so-called "super peso" is linked, among other factors, to the slowdown in job creation in the United States, a situation that led the Federal Reserve (FED) to cut its interest rate.

The dollar's relevance to the Mexican economy is key, as it directly influences foreign trade, foreign investment, remittance flows, and financial stability. The United States remains Mexico's main trading partner, accounting for more than 80% of national exports, and most international transactions are conducted in dollars.

Document NFINCE0020260113em1c0000s




 CDMX  Stands Out as Economic,  Investment  Hub Ahead of World Cup

MBN Staff 
872 words
12 January 2026
Mexico Business News
MEXBUS
English
© 2026 mexicobusiness.news. A Mexico Business company. All Rights Reserved. 

Mexico City is positioning itself as a secure and economically solid host for the 2026 FIFA World Cup, banking on strong public finances, rising foreign investment and a broad urban development strategy to attract businesses and visitors ahead of the global sporting event.

“If we were a country, this beautiful city would be the seventh-largest economy in Latin America,” Mexico City Mayor Clara Brugada told diplomats during the 37th Meeting of Heads of Embassies and Consulates, organized by Mexico’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

The meeting brought together officials from FIFA and representatives of the World Cup host states of Jalisco and Nuevo Leon. Brugada urged diplomats to promote Mexico City internationally as a reliable destination not only for the tournament, but also for investment and business.

According to official figures, Mexico City attracted MX$19 billion (US$1.1 billion) in foreign direct investment in 2025, a 36% increase from the previous year. Brugada also highlighted what she described as healthy public finances, reporting a 26% rise in locally generated revenue and a 55% increase in public investment over the past two years.

The city’s preparations for the World Cup are closely tied to an urban development agenda. Authorities are overseeing more than 2,000 public works projects launched since 2025, including three new Metrobús lines, the modernization of the Light Rail system and the full resurfacing of 250km (155 miles) of major roads.

In parallel, the city is implementing a revitalization program for the Historic Center and key tourist corridors, featuring a lighting project covering 50km of streets and heritage buildings.

Security and Confidence

Brugada emphasized improvements in public safety as a central element in building confidence among investors and visitors. She said overall crime fell 58% between 2019 and 2025, including a 13% drop in the past year alone. Intentional homicides declined 46% over the same period.

“For those who say Mexico City is very dangerous, show them these figures,” Brugada said, noting that the capital is now the most video-monitored city in the Americas, with 135,000 surveillance cameras in operation. She called on diplomats to help spread the message that Mexico City will offer security guarantees during the World Cup.

Tourism grew 5% in 2025, while the number of foreign residents in the capital increased by 86%, according to official data. Authorities see the World Cup as a catalyst to further boost economic activity and strengthen the city’s global image as a safe, dynamic metropolis.

The government has branded its approach as a “Social World Cup,” aimed at spreading the economic benefits beyond stadiums. Plans include the construction or rehabilitation of 500 neighborhood soccer fields and the installation of 50 public fan festival sites with giant screens, centered around the city’s Historic Center. “We want a World Cup that puts people at the center, including those who may not have the resources to attend matches, but who can still experience the World Cup,” Brugada said.

AICM Renovation Reaches 35% Completion

MBN reported that Grupo Aeroportuario Marina (GAM) has reopened multiple passenger areas at Mexico City International Airport (AICM) as part of a comprehensive renovation program launched in 2025. The operator says the reopened spaces improve mobility and strengthen the airport’s capacity to handle the post-holiday return surge.

In Terminal 1’s international area, the remodeled zones serve about 8 million passengers per year, roughly 18% of the airport’s total travelers, according to AICM. The delivered areas include Last Waiting Room 20, baggage claim belts 10, 11, and 12 (used for flights arriving from Central and South America) and the corridor connecting immigration to those baggage belts.

GAM also reopened the “Golfo” Passenger Inspection Post, where the new configuration increases inspection lines from four to eight. The redesign includes a dedicated line for passengers with disabilities, aiming to reduce screening times for travelers and carry-on luggage.

In Terminal 2, the areas housing nine of the 12 baggage claim belts are once again operational, including five domestic and four international belts, GAM reports. These spaces handle around 12 million passengers per year, according to the airport.

Across both terminals, the reopened zones received upgrades to electrical and hydrosanitary systems, flooring, ceilings, signage, and renovated walls and columns. The airport also says that additional areas are scheduled for January, including portions of Terminal 1’s façades and a remodeled ambulatory area that will add a new fast-food zone. With these handovers, AICM said the renovation has reached 35% overall progress.

The reopenings are being managed by GAM, the entity created by merging AICM with two other  Mexico City airport management firms, GACM and SACM. The merger process was authorized in August 2024 and later concluded with AICM as the surviving legal entity operating under the GAM name.

Beyond the reopened areas, AICM is carrying out a broader MX$8.5 billion (US$460 million) renovation ahead of the 2026 FIFA World Cup, when Mexico City is set to host the opening match. The program prioritizes structural rehabilitation, drainage upgrades, and reconfiguration of passenger areas to improve efficiency and reliability, rather than expanding capacity.

Click to view image.

Document MEXBUS0020260112em1c000rz




CE Noticias Financieras English
Queretaro’s Tech Sector to Grow 23% in 2026

998 words
12 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Queretaro’s technology industry is projected to grow between 18% and 23% for the 2026 fiscal year. This projection follows a 12% increase in 2025, driven by demand for cybersecurity services, AI, and new international customs regulations.

The projected acceleration in the technology sector stems from the integration of automated systems and evolving trade requirements. Miguel Ángel Carapia, President, Vortice IT Cluster Queretaro, says the expansion correlates with technical adjustments necessary for regulatory compliance. However, these reforms require precise digital tracking for import and export processes, specifically regarding the relationship between the United States and Mexico.

The United States has changed its customs law, which will force a very precise tracking of imports and exports from the point of origin to its destination, says Carapia. These regulatory shifts generate a continuous requirement for software development and data management applications. Companies will now be required to implement systems to monitor logistics from the point of origin to final delivery, opening a significant opportunity for technology companies.

Digital Maturity in Queretaro

Queretaro maintains a prominent position in the Mexican digital landscape, ranking second in the State Digital Development Index (IDDE) 2025. This index, conducted by Centro Mexico Digital (CMD), evaluates states based on their level of digital infrastructure, adoption, and innovation. The state earned 200 points on a scale of 300, positioning it only below Mexico City.

The IDDE 2025 identifies Queretaro as a leader in the digital transition, achieving the first position in 10 out of 75 measured indicators. These indicators include the installation of hyperscale data centers, certified data centers, and the prevalence of specialists in information technology and cybersecurity. The state also leads in the number of graduates from STEM programs, which provides the necessary human capital for industrial expansion.

Queretaro’s digital development is supported by strong infrastructure, specifically data centers. The state holds 46.3 data centers per million of Gross Domestic Product (GDP). This concentration of infrastructure facilitates internet use for education, enterprise-level technology tools, and high volumes of internet sales.

Despite these advances, CMD identifies areas for improvement in rural internet access and the gender gap in digital skills. The state ranks 26th in edge data centers and 30th in electronic lawsuits. Addressing these specific metrics remains a priority to maintain the competitive trajectory of the region.

Infrastructure Investment and Corporate Expansion

The 2026 growth expectations follow a productive 2025 period where the state closed with over MX$30 billion (US$1.6 billion) in new investment. Marco Antonio Del Prete, Queretaro’s Minister of Sustainable Development, says the state completed 53 investment projects during that year. These initiatives generated 10,220 new jobs and strengthened the formal economy, which employs 60.5% of the workforce.

Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) remains a primary catalyst for the Queretaro economy. The state accumulated MX$19.3 billion (US$1.07 billion) in FDI from 2006 to 3Q25. Several international corporations have established or expanded operations during this time to take advantage of the local ecosystem.

In January 2025, Amazon Web Services (AWS) announced the investment of US$5 billion over 15 years to construct three data centers. These facilities, to be located in the municipalities of Colon, El Marques, and Pedro Escobedo, will provide the computing power necessary to power AI, Internet of Things, and high-volume data transactions.

Microsoft also established its first hyperscale cloud data center region in Mexico within Queretaro. This project is part of a US$1.1 billion investment plan designed to drive digital transformation. These facilities serve critical sectors, including healthcare, government, and finance.

In the logistics sector, DHL Express invested US$120 million to automate its hub at the Queretaro International Airport. This facility has the capacity to process 41,000 packages per hour, which exceeds the processing power of the Mexico City hub. The airport itself handled 75,248 tons of air cargo in 2025, representing a 6.3% increase compared to 2024.

Regional Economic Integration and Future Projections

The technology boom in Queretaro is part of a broader regional trend in the Bajio area. For example, Aguascalientes closed 2025 with 29 new investment projects totaling more than MX$15 billion (US$837 million). The automotive sector in Aguascalientes accounts for 36.7% of the state GDP and 85% of its export value. This industrial density in neighboring states increases the demand for the technology services provided by the Queretaro IT cluster.

The state government continues to promote the technology sector through programs such as the Queretaro quality certification and the Industrial and Commercial Expo. The expo generated an estimated economic impact of MX$3.6 billion (US$201 million) in 2025, and produced 7,800 potential business connections through B2B meetings.

State Governor Mauricio Kuri says that social stability and legal certainty are decisive factors for international investors. Corporations such as Samsung have invested US$500 million to increase the production of home appliances while collaborating with the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology to promote local talent.

Looking ahead, the state maintains a pipeline of 46 initiatives representing MX$74.87 billion (US$4.17 billion) in potential investment. These projects could create an additional 12,734 jobs. The focus on cybersecurity and AI remains central to these developments.

Carapia notes that the integration of these technologies into the supply chain is no longer optional. As US regulations become more stringent, companies in Queretaro must provide the software solutions required for international compliance. This necessity ensures that the tech sector will remain a primary engine for the state economy throughout 2026 and beyond.

Economic indicators from 2025 confirm that Queretaro is a top contributor to national growth. The state ranked sixth in job creation per capita during 2025. With the entry into force of new customs reforms in 2026, the demand for specialized applications and cybersecurity will likely push the industry toward the higher end of its 23% growth projection.

Document NFINCE0020260112em1c00a04




Gobierno Federal de Mexico - Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 12, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 12, 2026 at 16:31 UTC. 
28,638 words
12 January 2026
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2026. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Table of Contents

Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)

Registration No. 333-289967

The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. A registration statement relating to these securities has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This preliminary prospectus supplement is not an offer to sell, nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities, in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JANUARY 12, 2026

                                                                        
Preliminary Prospectus SupplementTo Prospectus dated August 29, 2025    


United Mexican States

€ % Global Notes due 2031

€ % Global Notes due 2036

€ % Global Notes due 2040

The % Global Notes due 2031 (the "2031 notes") will mature on May , 2031. The % Global Notes due 2036 (the "2036 notes") will mature on May , 2036. The % Global Notes due 2040 (the "2040 notes") will mature on May , 2040. We refer to the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes collectively as the "notes." Mexico will pay interest on the notes on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027. Mexico may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, before maturity on the terms described herein. The notes will not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking or similar fund. The offering of each series of notes pursuant to this prospectus supplement is independent of each offering of the other series of notes, and they are not conditioned on each other.

The notes will be issued under an indenture, and each of the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes constitutes a separate series under the indenture. The indenture contains provisions regarding future modifications to the terms of the notes that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Under these provisions, which are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, Mexico may amend the payment provisions of the notes and other reserved matters listed in the indenture with the consent of the holders of: (1) with respect to a single series of notes, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of such series; (2) with respect to two or more series of notes, if certain "uniformly applicable" requirements are met, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate; or (3) with respect to two or more series of notes, more than 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate, and more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series affected by the proposed modification, taken individually.

Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF"). Application will also be made to the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange") for the notes to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's International Securities Market (the "ISM") and the London Stock Exchange's Sustainable Bond Market (the "SBM"). No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained.

Neither the Euro MTF nor the ISM is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"). The ISM is a market designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading on the ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. The London Stock Exchange has not approved or verified the contents of this prospectus supplement.

Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) Notification.

The notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined whether this prospectus supplement or the related prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the National Securities Registry ( Registro Nacional de Valores ) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission ( Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores , or "CNBV"), and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors that qualify as accredited or institutional investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law ( Ley del Mercado de Valores ) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

                                                                                                                                         
                            Price to Public(1)         Underwriting Discount           Proceeds to Mexico,before expenses(1)   
Per 2031 note                                    %                                 %                                                 %   
Total for the 2031 notes    €                                                  €                                                 €       
Per 2036 note                                    %                                 %                                                 %   
Total for the 2036 notes    €                                                  €                                                 €       
Per 2040 note                                    %                                 %                                                 %   
Total for the 2040 notes    €                                                  €                                                 €       


(1)

Plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 to the date of settlement, which is expected to be January , 2026.

The notes will be ready for delivery in book-entry form only through the facilities of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") against payment on or about January , 2026.

Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

Joint Bookrunners

                                                                             
BBVA     Santander     BNP PARIBAS     Citigroup     Crédit Agricole CIB    Société GénéraleCorporate & Investment Banking


January , 2026

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                  
Prospectus Supplement                             
                                  
                                    Page   
About this Prospectus Supplement           S-2    
Forward-Looking Statements                 S-5    
Summary                                    S-6    
Risk Factors                               S-11   
Use of Proceeds                            S-13   
Description of the Notes                   S-14   
Taxation                                   S-19   
Recent Developments                        S-20   
Plan of Distribution                       S-47   


                                                   
Prospectus                                         
                                     
                                       Page   
About this Prospectus                         1    
Forward-Looking Statements                    3    
Use of Proceeds                               4    
Risk Factors                                  5    
Description of the Securities                 10   
Taxation                                      25   
Plan of Distribution                          33   
Official Statements                           34   
Validity of the Securities                    35   
Authorized Representative                     36   
Where You Can Find More Information           36   


Mexico is a foreign sovereign state. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors to obtain or realize upon judgments of courts in the United States against Mexico. See "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-1

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

This prospectus supplement supplements the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, relating to Mexico's debt securities and warrants. If the information in this prospectus supplement differs from the information contained in the prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement.

You should read this prospectus supplement along with the corresponding prospectus. Both documents contain information you should consider when making your investment decision. Mexico is responsible for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and in any related free-writing prospectus or prospectus supplement that Mexico prepares or authorizes. Mexico has not authorized anyone else to provide you with any other information and takes no responsibility for any other information that others may give you. Mexico and the underwriters are offering to sell the notes and seeking offers to buy the notes only in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is current only as of the dates of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, respectively.

Mexico is furnishing this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus solely for use by prospective investors in connection with their consideration of a purchase of the notes. Mexico confirms that:

•

the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is true and correct in all material respects and is not misleading;

•

it has not omitted other facts the omission of which makes this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus as a whole misleading; and

•

it accepts responsibility for the information it has provided in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus.

This prospectus supplement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Mexico and the underwriters do not represent that this prospectus supplement may be lawfully distributed, or that any notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by Mexico or the underwriters which would permit a public offering of the notes or distribution of this prospectus supplement in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than the United States of America. Accordingly, no notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this prospectus supplement nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the underwriters have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this prospectus supplement comes are required by Mexico and the underwriters to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay, see the sections entitled "Plan of Distribution" in this prospectus supplement and "Plan of Distribution" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-2

Table of Contents

In connection with the issuance of the notes, Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the "Stabilizing Manager") (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilizing Manager) may over-allot notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time but must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the notes. Any stabilization action or overallotment must be conducted by the Stabilizing Manager (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale (together, the "EU manufacturers") product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the EU manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or refining the EU manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

S-3

Table of Contents

UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Société Générale and BNP PARIBAS (together, the "UK manufacturers") product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the UK manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or refining the UK manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

This prospectus supplement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"), or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.

S-4

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This prospectus supplement may contain forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Mexico's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Mexico undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Mexico cautions you that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:

•

Adverse external factors, such as high international interest rates, low oil prices, measures restricting exports and imports, a prevailing global inflationary environment and recession or low growth in Mexico's trading partners. High international interest rates could increase Mexico's expenditures, low oil prices could decrease the Mexican Government's revenues and recession or low growth in Mexico's main trading partners or restrictions on trade could lead to fewer exports and availability of foreign currencies to service debt. A combination of these factors could negatively affect Mexico's current account.

•

Instability or volatility in the international financial markets. This could lead to domestic volatility, making it more complicated for the Mexican Government to achieve its macroeconomic goals. This could also lead to declines in foreign investment inflows, including portfolio investment in particular.

•

Adverse domestic factors, such as the implementation of legislation impacting foreign investment, domestic inflation, high domestic interest rates, exchange rate volatility and political uncertainty. Each of these could lead to lower growth in Mexico, declines in foreign direct and portfolio investment and potentially lower international reserves.

•

Global or national health considerations, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as the coronavirus pandemic.

S-5

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus. It does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement.

Issuer The United Mexican States Issue Date January , 2026 Specified Currency Euro (€) Authorized Denominations €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof Form

Registered; Book-Entry.

Each series of the notes will be represented by a single global note, without interest coupons, in registered form, to be deposited on or about the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream.

Regular Record Date Close of business on the Business Day preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date Status The notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged. The notes of each series rank and will rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico. It is understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness. 2031 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount € Issue Price %, plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 Maturity Date May , 2031 Interest Rate % per annum, accruing from January , 2026 Interest Payment Date Annually on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027

S-6

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2031 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to April , 2031 (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2031 notes) (the "2031 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined herein), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2031 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case, interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2031 notes to the date of redemption. For further information, see "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2031 notes" in this prospectus supplement.

2036 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount € Issue Price %, plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 Maturity Date May , 2036 Interest Rate % per annum, accruing from January , 2026 Interest Payment Date Annually on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027

Optional Redemption

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2036 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February , 2036 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2036 notes) (the "2036 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined herein), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2036 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case, interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2036 notes to the date of redemption. For further information, see "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2036 notes" in this prospectus supplement.

2040 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount € Issue Price %, plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 Maturity Date May , 2040 Interest Rate % per annum, accruing from January , 2026 Interest Payment Date Annually on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027 Optional Redemption

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2040 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February , 2040 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2040 notes) (the "2040 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined herein), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2040 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case, interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2040 notes to the date of redemption. For further information, see "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2040 notes" in this prospectus supplement.

S-7

Table of Contents

Optional Repayment Holders of the notes will not have the option to elect repayment by Mexico before the maturity dates of the notes. Use of Proceeds

Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico.

For further information, see "Use of Proceeds."

Eligible Sustainable Expenditures In 2026, Mexico published the latest version of its framework (the "Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework") for the issuance of bonds ("SDG Sovereign Bonds") that is aligned with the United Nations' SDGs (as defined below). The Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework is aligned with the International Capital Market Association's ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, each updated as of June 2025, and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines, updated as of June 2021. Mexico intends to allocate an amount of budgetary resources equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund budgetary programs that qualify as eligible expenditures under the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework and that are included in Mexico's federal budget for the fiscal year 2026. For further information, see "Use of Proceeds." Underwriters

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

Banco Santander, S.A.

BNP PARIBAS

Citigroup Global Markets Limited

Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank

Société Générale

Listing Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has allocated to Mexico the number 2395 for listing purposes. Application will also be made to the London Stock Exchange for the notes to be admitted to trading on the ISM and the SBM. Neither the Euro MTF nor the ISM is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or UK MiFIR. No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained.

S-8

Table of Contents

Luxembourg Stock Exchange Legal Entity Identifier 254900EGTWEU67VP6075 Securities Codes 2031 notes:

ISIN:

Common Code:

2036 notes:

ISIN:

Common Code:

2040 notes:

ISIN:

Common Code:

Trustee, Principal Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar, Authenticating Agent and Exchange Rate Agent

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

Luxembourg Listing Agent

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts Subject to certain exceptions, Mexico will make all payments on the notes without withholding or deducting any Mexican taxes. Under Mexican law, Mexico is not required to make any such withholding or deduction. For further information, see "Description of the Securities-Additional Amounts" in the corresponding prospectus. Taxation Payments of principal or interest under the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes made to holders of such notes that are non-resident of Mexico for tax purposes will not be subject to Mexican withholding or similar taxes. Further Issues Mexico may from time to time, without the consent of holders of each series of notes, as the case may be, increase the size of the issue of the notes, or issue additional notes of such series having the same terms and conditions as the notes of such series in all respects, except for the issue date, issue price and first payment on those additional notes. Additional notes issued in this manner will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously outstanding notes of such series. Any additional notes subsequently issued that for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) are not issued pursuant to a "qualified reopening" of the notes, (ii) are not treated as part of the same "issue" as the notes, and (iii) are not issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount shall have a separate ISIN, common code or other identifying number from the previously outstanding notes of such series. Payment of Principal and Interest Principal of and interest on the notes, except as described below, will be payable by Mexico to the Paying Agent in euros. Holders of the notes will not have the option to elect to receive payments in U.S. dollars.

S-9

Table of Contents

If Mexico determines that euros are not available for making payments on the notes due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond Mexico's control, then payments on the notes shall be made in U.S. dollars until Mexico determines that euros are again available for making these payments. In these circumstances, U.S. dollar payments in respect of the notes will be made at a rate determined by the exchange rate agent in accordance with the Exchange Rate Agency Agreement between Mexico and the exchange rate agent. Any payment made under such circumstances in U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under the notes. Governing Law New York; provided, however, that all matters governing Mexico's authorization and execution of the indenture and the notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Mexico. Notwithstanding any authorization or any reserved matter modification, all matters related to the consent of holders and to modifications of the indenture or the notes will always be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Additional Provisions The notes will contain provisions regarding future modifications to their terms that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Those provisions are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025. Stabilization In connection with the issuance of each series of notes, the underwriters or any person acting for the underwriters may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of each series of notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the issue date. However, there is no obligation of any of the underwriters or any agent of the underwriters to do this. Any such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Stabilizing Manager

Citigroup Global Markets Limited

S-10

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors supplement the information contained under "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus. You should consult your financial and legal advisors about the risks of investing in the notes and the suitability of your investment in light of your particular situation. Mexico disclaims any responsibility for advising you on these matters.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will improve or remain stable, or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled by the rating agencies.

Mexico's long-term public external indebtedness is currently rated investment grade by the three leading rating agencies. On April 16, 2025, Fitch affirmed its BBB- rating with a stable outlook. On May 22, 2025, Moody's affirmed its Baa2 rating with a negative outlook. On September 8, 2025, S&P reaffirmed its BBB rating with a stable outlook.

Ratings address the creditworthiness of Mexico and the likelihood of timely payment of Mexico's long-term debt securities. Ratings are not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell securities and may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time. Mexico's current ratings and the rating outlooks currently assigned to it depend, in part, on economic conditions and other factors that affect credit risk and are outside the control of Mexico, as well as assessments of the creditworthiness of its productive state-owned enterprises. Certain ratings agencies may also downgrade the credit ratings of Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), a state-owned public company of Mexico (empresa pública del estado), as they have in the past, and their assessment of PEMEX's creditworthiness may affect Mexico's credit ratings. On September 8, 2025, Moody's upgraded PEMEX's rating from B3 to B1 with a stable outlook. On October 2, 2025, Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will be maintained or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled. Any credit rating downgrade, suspension or cancellation may have an adverse effect on the market price and the trading of the notes.

Changes in the interest rate environment could adversely impact the trading price of the notes.

We expect that the trading price of the notes will depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the interest rate environment.

If interest rates, or expected future interest rates, rise during the terms of the notes, the price of the notes will likely decrease. The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of the notes. Because interest rates and interest rate expectations are influenced by a wide variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that changes in interest rates or interest rate expectations will not adversely affect the trading price of the notes.

Geopolitical developments, such as the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, could have a material adverse effect on Mexico's economy and its ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

The Russia-Ukraine conflict contributed to the upward pressure on global prices for certain commodities, including oil and gas and grains, and affected conditions in the international capital markets. The effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict could materially affect the prices of certain commodities critical to the performance of the Mexican economy. Further, while the full extent of the impact of the conflict in the Middle East remains to be seen as of the date of this prospectus supplement, the effects of these ongoing conflicts could result in economic uncertainty and upward inflationary pressure, and, as a result, negatively affect the performance of the Mexican economy or Mexico's ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

S-11

Table of Contents

There can be no assurances that Mexico will make disbursements for projects with the specific characteristics described in the "Use of Proceeds" section in an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes.

The examples of projects provided in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this prospectus supplement and the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework are for illustrative purposes only, and no assurance can be provided that Mexico will make disbursements for projects with these specific characteristics in an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes. There can be no assurance that any projects will meet investor expectations regarding green and/or social performance. In addition, there is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project or series of notes to be defined as "green," "social" or "sustainable" and therefore no assurance can be provided to investors that selected projects will meet all investor expectations regarding green and/or social performance. Furthermore, no assurance is given that the notes will satisfy, in whole or in part, any present or future taxonomies, standards and/or other regulatory or index inclusion criteria or voluntary guidelines with which an investor or its investments may be expected to comply, including but not limited to the taxonomy established pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 18, 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment or the European Union Green Bond standard established pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 22, 2023. Adverse green and social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of the projects, or the projects may be subject to controversy or to criticism by activist groups or other stakeholders.

No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Mexico) in connection with the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework or the notes. No such opinion or certification is, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by Mexico, any underwriter or any other person to buy, sell or hold any notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no such opinion or certification is, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into this prospectus supplement.

Although the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework contemplates certain practices with respect to reporting and use of proceeds, any failure by Mexico to conform to these practices does not constitute or give rise to a breach or an event of default under the notes. Any failure by Mexico to allocate an amount of budgetary resources equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of the notes as set forth in the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework, or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of socially focused investors with respect to the notes, or any withdrawal or modification of any third party opinion or certification, may affect the value of the notes and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in "social" or "sustainable" assets.

None of the underwriters is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of the notes or Mexico's expenditures, including Mexico's budgetary expenditures to fund certain projects as provided in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this prospectus supplement.

S-12

Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately € , after the deduction of the underwriting discounts and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately € . Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico, including the refinancing, repurchase or retirement of domestic and/or external indebtedness.

Eligible Sustainable Expenditures

In January 2026, Mexico published the latest version of its Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework for the issuance of SDG Sovereign Bonds as part of its commitment to implementing the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations General Assembly in 2015 for the year 2030 (the "SDGs"). The Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework is aligned with the ICMA's Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, each updated as of June 2025, and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines updated as of June 2021. Mexico intends to allocate an amount of budgetary resources equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund budgetary programs that qualify as eligible expenditures under the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework (referred to below as Eligible Sustainable Expenditures) and that are included in Mexico's Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación (the "Federal Expenditure Budget" or "PEF") for the fiscal year 2026.

Eligible Sustainable Expenditures are aligned with certain SDGs, as set forth in the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework. The Eligible Sustainable Expenditures for this transaction, as provided in the 2026 PEF, may include tax expenditures (subsidies and tax exemptions), operational expenditures, investments in real assets, maintenance costs for public infrastructure, intangible assets and capital transfers to public or private entities, in one or more of the following categories, among others: food security and sustainable agriculture, health care, education, management of water and sanitation, affordable and clean energy, employment and economic growth, sustainable infrastructure and innovation, reducing inequalities, sustainable cities and communities, circular economy and responsible consumption, and actions for climate adaptation and biodiversity. Under the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework, social budgetary programs that qualify as Eligible Sustainable Expenditures target end-beneficiaries in vulnerable population groups, including those in extreme poverty, the indigenous population, women, the elderly and children.

Pursuant to the Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework, Mexico has established a policy to publish annual Sustainable Finance Instrument ("SFI") reporting, comprised of (i) allocation reports providing a breakdown of the composition and amounts of the SFIs for each fiscal year, as well as notional allocations to each Eligible Sustainable Expenditure, and (ii) an annual impact report on sustainable qualitative and quantitative impact indicators and their applicable methodologies, as well as selected case studies of Eligible Sustainable Expenditures , for as long as any SFI remains outstanding. This reporting policy is not a contractual obligation of Mexico, and Mexico may decide to change its reporting policy or not comply with the policy at any time. If Mexico does provide such reports, they will be published on a designated page of the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público's website.

The Sovereign Sustainable Finance Framework and any practices contemplated thereunder are not incorporated into this prospectus supplement or the terms of the notes. They do not establish enforceable contractual obligations of Mexico.

S-13

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES

Mexico will issue the notes under an amended and restated indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, as amended by a first supplemental indenture, dated January 24, 2022, between Mexico and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. The information contained in this section summarizes some of the terms of the notes, the indenture and the first supplemental indenture. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you as a potential investor in the notes. You should read the corresponding prospectus, the indenture, the first supplemental indenture and the form of the notes before making your investment decision. Mexico has filed or will file copies of these documents with the SEC and will also file copies of these documents at the offices of the trustee.

Terms of the 2031 notes

The 2031 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January , 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of € ;

•

mature on May , 2031;

•

bear interest at a rate of % per year, commencing on January , 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2031 notes will be payable annually on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2031 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2031 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be registered in the name of a common depositary for the Euroclear System, or Euroclear, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2031 notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2031 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2031 notes; and

•

be redeemed at par at maturity.

S-14

Table of Contents

Terms of the 2036 notes

The 2036 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January , 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of € ;

•

mature on May , 2036;

•

bear interest at a rate of % per year, commencing on January , 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2036 notes will be payable annually on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2036 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2036 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be registered in the name of a common depositary for the Euroclear System, or Euroclear, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2036 notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2036 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2036 notes; and

•

be redeemed at par at maturity.

Terms of the 2040 notes

The 2040 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January , 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of € ;

•

mature on May , 2040;

•

bear interest at a rate of % per year, commencing on January , 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2040 notes will be payable annually on May of each year, commencing on May , 2027;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2040 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2040 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be registered in the name of a common depositary for the Euroclear System, or Euroclear, and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2040 notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2040 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2040 notes; and

•

be redeemed at par at maturity.

S-15

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption - 2031 notes:

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2031 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to April , 2031 (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2031 notes) (the "2031 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2031 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2031 notes to the date of redemption.

"Make-Whole Amount" for this purpose means the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on the 2031 notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued but not paid to the date of redemption), discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2031 notes matured on the 2031 notes Par Call Date) on an annual basis (assuming the actual number of days in a 365- or 366-day year) at the Benchmark Rate (as defined below) plus basis points over (ii) the principal amount of such 2031 notes.

"Benchmark Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated maturity of the Comparable Benchmark Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Benchmark Price (as defined below) for such redemption date.

"Comparable Benchmark Issue" for this purpose means the Bundesanleihe security or securities ("Bund") of the German Government selected by an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the 2031 notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 2031 notes.

"Independent Investment Banker" for this purpose means one of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) appointed by Mexico.

"Comparable Benchmark Price" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Dealer Quotation or (ii) if Mexico obtains fewer than four such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.

"Reference Dealer" for this purpose means each of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale or their affiliates which are dealers of Bund of the German Government, and one other leading dealer of Bund of the German Government designated by Mexico, and their respective successors; provided that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a dealer of Bund of the German Government, Mexico will substitute therefor another dealer of Bund of the German Government.

"Reference Dealer Quotation" for this purpose means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by Mexico, of the bid and ask prices for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to Mexico by such Reference Dealer at 3:30 p.m., Frankfurt, Germany time on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

S-16

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption - 2036 notes:

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2036 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February , 2036 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2036 notes) (the "2036 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2036 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof,

plus, in each case interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2036 notes to the date of redemption.

"Make-Whole Amount" for this purpose means the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on the 2036 notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued but not paid to the date of redemption), discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2036 notes matured on the 2036 notes Par Call Date) on an annual basis (assuming the actual number of days in a 365- or 366-day year) at the Benchmark Rate (as defined below) plus basis points over (ii) the principal amount of such 2036 notes.

"Benchmark Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated maturity of the Comparable Benchmark Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Benchmark Price (as defined below) for such redemption date.

"Comparable Benchmark Issue" for this purpose means the Bundesanleihe security or securities ("Bund") of the German Government selected by an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the 2036 notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 2036 notes.

"Independent Investment Banker" for this purpose means one of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) appointed by Mexico.

"Comparable Benchmark Price" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Dealer Quotation or (ii) if Mexico obtains fewer than four such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.

"Reference Dealer" for this purpose means Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale or their affiliates which are dealers of Bund of the German Government, and one other leading dealer of Bund of the German Government designated by Mexico, and their respective successors; provided that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a dealer of Bund of the German Government, Mexico will substitute therefor another dealer of Bund of the German Government.

"Reference Dealer Quotation" for this purpose means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by Mexico, of the bid and ask prices for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to Mexico by such Reference Dealer at 3:30 p.m., Frankfurt, Germany time on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

S-17

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption - 2040 notes:

Mexico will have the right at its option, upon giving not less than 10 days' nor more than 60 days' notice, to redeem the 2040 notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their maturity, at a redemption price equal to:

(a) if redeemed prior to February , 2040 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2040 notes) (the "2040 notes Par Call Date"), the principal amount thereof, plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), or

(b) if redeemed on or after the 2040 notes Par Call Date, the principal amount thereof, plus, in each case interest accrued but not paid on the principal amount of such 2040 notes to the date of redemption.

"Make-Whole Amount" for this purpose means the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest on the 2040 notes to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued but not paid to the date of redemption), discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2040 notes matured on the 2040 notes Par Call Date) on an annual basis (assuming the actual number of days in a 365- or 366-day year) at the Benchmark Rate (as defined below) plus basis points over (ii) the principal amount of such 2040 notes.

"Benchmark Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the annual equivalent yield to maturity or interpolated maturity of the Comparable Benchmark Issue (as defined below), assuming a price for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Benchmark Price (as defined below) for such redemption date.

"Comparable Benchmark Issue" for this purpose means the Bundesanleihe security or securities ("Bund") of the German Government selected by an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the 2040 notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of euro-denominated corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 2040 notes.

"Independent Investment Banker" for this purpose means one of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) appointed by Mexico.

"Comparable Benchmark Price" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Dealer Quotations (as defined below) for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Dealer Quotation or (ii) if Mexico obtains fewer than four such Reference Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations.

"Reference Dealer" for this purpose means Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Société Générale or their affiliates which are dealers of Bund of the German Government, and one other leading dealer of Bund of the German Government designated by Mexico, and their respective successors; provided that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a dealer of Bund of the German Government, Mexico will substitute therefor another dealer of Bund of the German Government.

"Reference Dealer Quotation" for this purpose means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by Mexico, of the bid and ask prices for the Comparable Benchmark Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to Mexico by such Reference Dealer at 3:30 p.m., Frankfurt, Germany time on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

S-18

Table of Contents

TAXATION

United States Federal Taxation

For a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-United States Federal Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

Mexican Taxation

For a summary of the Mexican federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-Mexican Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-19

Table of Contents

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

The information in this section supplements the information about Mexico corresponding to the headings below that is contained in Exhibit D to Mexico's annual report on Form 18-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 18-K). To the extent that the information included in this section differs from the information set forth in the 2024 Form 18-K, you should rely on the information in this section.

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Form of Government

The Government

The following table provides the distribution, as of the date of this filing, of Congressional seats reflecting the party affiliations of Mexico's senators and deputies.

Table No. 1 - Party Representation in Congress (1)

                                                                                                                             
                                     Senate           Chamber of Deputies   
                                     Seats            % of Total                      Seats       % of Total   
MORENA                                        67                              52.3                253                50.6    
National Action Party                         21                              16.4                70                 14      
Institutional Revolutionary Party             13                              10.2                37                 7.4     
Citizen Movement Party                        6                               4.7                 28                 5.6     
Ecological Green Party of Mexico              14                              10.9                62                 12.4    
Labor Party                                   6                               4.7                 49                 9.8     
Unaffiliated                                  1                               0.8                 1                  0.2     
Total                                         128                             100.0   %           500                100.0   % 
                                                                                                                             


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding. Individual members of Congress may change party affiliations.

(1)

As of January 2, 2026

Source: Senate and Chamber of Deputies.

Criminal Justice

On October 9, 2025 a decree was published in the Diario Oficial de la Federación (Official Gazette) reforming Article 73, Section XXI, item (a), of the Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (the Political Constitution of Mexico, or the Constitution). The reform aims to combat extortion by granting Congress the authority to enact a general law that establishes, at a minimum, a single criminal offense definition for extortion, applicable nationwide and with uniform penalties.

On November 28, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette enacting the Ley General para Prevenir, Investigar y Sancionar los Delitos en Materia de Extorsión (General Law to Prevent, Investigate and Punish Crimes Related to Extortion), and amending, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Código Penal Federal (Federal Criminal Code), the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Penales (National Code of Criminal Procedure), the Ley Federal Contra la Delincuencia Organizada (Federal Law against Organized Crime), the Ley Nacional de Extinción de Dominio (National Law on Asset Forfeiture) and the Ley Orgánica del Poder Judicial de la Federación (Organic Law of the Federal Judiciary). The decree amends and supplements the existing legal framework for the enforcement and prosecution of extortion-related crimes, including (i) modifications to the legal requirements related to jurisdiction, sentencing and aggravating circumstances, (ii) mechanisms for coordination between authorities, (iii) victim protection measures, and (iv) rules for criminal investigation and enforcement, including the creation of a specialized Complaint Response Center.

S-20

Table of Contents

Legal and Political Reforms

On October 16, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming and supplementing various provisions of Ley de Amparo, Reglamentaria de los Artículos 103 y 107 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (Amparo Law, Regulating Articles 103 and 107 of the Political Constitution of Mexico), the Código Fiscal de la Federación (Federal Tax Code) and the Ley Orgánica del Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Organic Law of the Federal Court of Administrative Justice). The reform aims to streamline judicial proceedings, ensure procedural efficiency and improve access to justice by redefining and clarifying legal concepts, including the requirements for standing and injunctive relief, as well as by enabling the use of electronic means for the relevant processes and procedures.

On December 10, 2025, the Reglamento Orgánico de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación (Organic Regulations of the Supreme Court), which regulates the powers of members of the court, its administrative procedures and its organizational structure, was published in the Official Gazette.

On November 19, 2025, the decree reforming the Ley Aduanera (Customs Law) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of combatting evasion and smuggling, and protecting lawful trade. The reform, which came into effect on January 1, 2026, introduces, among other measures, (i) the implementation of digital tools and systems to facilitate customs controls (ii) strengthened oversight responsibilities for customs agents, (iii) higher duties for imports not subject to free trade agreements, (iv) expanded compliance obligations, (v) stricter documentation requirements, and (vi) enhanced digital monitoring across the customs process.

Civil and Regulatory Procedures

On November 14, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming certain provisions of various legal codes in connection with the implementation of the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Civiles y Familiares (National Code of Civil and Family Procedures, or CNPCyF) by local legislatures throughout Mexico.

Internal Security

General

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Internal Regulations of the Ministry of National Defense), including to, among other changes, (i) incorporate the Comandancia de la Guardia Nacional (National Guard Command) into the organizational structure of the Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Ministry of National Defense, or SEDENA), (ii) create the Centro Nacional de Vigilancia y Protección del Espacio Aéreo (National Airspace Surveillance and Protection Center), and (iii) redefine the functions of various related administrative bodies.

Organized Crime, Arms Trafficking and Money Laundering

On November 11, 2025, the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público (Ministry of Finance and Public Credit) through the Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera (Financial Intelligence Unit, or UIF) announced that, as a result of an investigation into suspected money-laundering by alleged organized crime groups, 13 casinos were identified and listed as sanctioned legal entities, pursuant to the financial blocking measures administered by the UIF. As a result of such investigation, the Dirección General de Juegos y Sorteos ordered the suspension of the operations of the aforementioned casinos.

Human Rights

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette establishing rules for the organization and operation of the Sistema Nacional para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres (National System for Equality between Women and Men), including defining its structure, powers and coordination mechanisms, with the aim of promoting substantive equality between women and men in Mexico.

S-21

Table of Contents

Cyber Crimes and Cybersecurity

On December 8, 2025, the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency) published the Plan Nacional de Ciberseguridad (National Cybersecurity Plan), establishing strategic guidelines to, among other aims, (i) strengthen the protection of critical infrastructure, (ii) promote the safe use of digital technologies, (iii) define mechanisms for interinstitutional coordination against cyberthreats, and (iv) ensure the safeguarding of citizens' rights and national sovereignty in the cyberspace.

Access to Information, Government Procurement and Transparency

On December 8, 2025, the Secretaría Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno (Ministry of Anti-Corruption and Good Governance) announced sanctions against Santiago López Pérez and five supplier companies: (i) Instalaciones Eléctricas Industriales MT, S.A. de C.V.; (ii) Tameztec, S.A. de C.V.; (iii) C-Gallegos, S.A. de C.V.; (iv) Construcciones San Benito, S.A. de C.V.; and (v) Grupo Corporativo C y C, S.A. de C.V.; each of which was temporarily disqualified and fined for submitting false information in public procurement contracts. Each of these companies was registered in the Directorio de Proveedores y Contratistas Sancionados (Directory of Sanctioned Suppliers and Contractors), thereby prohibiting them from participating in new contracts with the Government.

Foreign Affairs, International Organizations and International Economic Cooperation

On October 24, 2025, the Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) announced that Mexico and the United Nations (UN) had signed the Marco de Cooperación de Naciones Unidas en México 2026-2031 (United Nations Cooperation Framework in Mexico 2026-2031) with the aim of strengthening collaboration on sustainable development, human rights and governance.

Environment

On September 3, 2025, as part of a national policy to transition to safer and more sustainable agricultural practices, President Sheinbaum announced the ban of 35 pesticides that pose a high risk to public health and the environment.

On November 18, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement announcing that Mexico participated in COP30 in Belém, Brazil with the objective of promoting stronger climate action by advancing international commitments to reduce emissions and protect biodiversity.

On December 11, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette, enacting the Ley General de Aguas (General Water Law) and amending, adding and repealing various provisions of the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), with the purpose of regulating the human right to access, availability and sanitation of water, as recognized by the Constitution. The legislation establishes a legal regime to improve water management in Mexico by, among other measures, strengthening equitable water distribution and intergovernmental coordination, promoting the sustainable management of water through the use of basins and aquifers, and improving system capacity to adapt to the effects of climate change, while prioritizing human rights, community systems, the general interest and promoting public participation in conservation efforts. The regulatory framework necessary to carry out this reform must be issued or amended within 180 calendar days of the decree taking effect and, during the interim period, existing regulations will continue to apply to the extent that they do not contravene the principles and guidelines of the General Water Law or the amendments to the National Water Law.

On December 16, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Política Nacional para el Manejo Sustentable de Mares y Costas (National Policy for the Sustainable Management of Seas and Coasts), setting forth objectives and short, medium and long term strategies for the protection and sustainable use of marine and coastal ecosystems, in accordance with Mexico's international and domestic commitments.

S-22

Table of Contents

THE ECONOMY

Gross Domestic Product

According to preliminary figures, Mexico's real GDP decreased by 0.1% during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. In the third quarter of 2025, GDP decreased by 0.3% in seasonally adjusted terms, reflecting a contraction in secondary activities, including manufacturing, construction, electricity generation and distribution, mining, and water and gas supply, which was particularly driven by a decline in industrial production, and partially offset by a moderate expansion in primary and tertiary activities. For more information on the long-term factors affecting Mexico's GDP, see "The Economy-Gross Domestic Product" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

The following tables set forth the composition of Mexico's real GDP by economic sector and percentage change by economic sector, in pesos and in percentage terms, for the periods indicated.

Table No. 2 - Real GDP and Expenditures (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                         
                                                               Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                               2024                                           2025(3)   
GDP                                                            Ps.                             25,574.2                 Ps.   25,411.5   
Add: Imports of goods and services                                                             11,934.5                       12,443.4   
                                                                                                                                         
Total supply of goods and services                                                             37,508.6                       37,854.9   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                                            10,173.8                       10,567.7   
                                                                                                                                         
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditure    Ps.                             27,334.8                 Ps.   27,287.2   
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                                                                  
Private consumption                                                                            18,338.5                       18,523.1   
Public consumption                                                                             2,797.5                        5,718.5    
                                                                                                                                         
Total consumption                                                                              21,136.0                       24,241.6   
                                                                                                                                         
Total gross fixed investment                                                                   6,343.0                        2,881.0    
                                                                                                                                         
Changes in inventory                                                                           22.6                           26.5       
                                                                                                                                         
Total domestic expenditures                                    Ps.                             27,501.6                 Ps.   27,149.1   
                                                                                                                                         
Errors and Omissions                                                                           (166.79    )                   138.1      
                                                                                                                                         


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter data is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 3 - Real GDP and Expenditures (As a Percentage of Total GDP)

                                                                                                    
                                                                Third quarter 
                                                                2024     2025 
GDP                                                                      100.0   %          100.0   % 
Add: Imports of goods and services                                       46.7               49.0    
                                                                                                    
Total supply of goods and services                                       146.7              149.0   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                      39.8               41.6    
                                                                                                    
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditures             106.9   %          107.4   % 
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                             
Private consumption                                                      71.7    %          72.9    % 
Public consumption                                                       24.8               22.5    
                                                                                                    
Total consumption                                                        96.5               95.4    
Total gross fixed investment                                             10.9               11.3    
Changes in inventory                                                     0.1                0.1     
                                                                                                    
Total domestic expenditures                                              107.5   %          106.8   % 
                                                                                                    
Errors and Omissions                                                     (0.7    )%         0.5     % 


Note:

Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

S-23

Table of Contents

Table No. 4 - Real GDP by Sector (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                    
                                                            Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                            2024                                         2025(3)   
Primary Activities:                                                                                                                 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(4)    Ps.                             781.4                  Ps.   810.0      
Secondary Activities:                                                                                                               
Mining                                                                                      885.5                        841.3      
Utilities                                                                                   335.8                        331.1      
Construction                                                                                1,528.2                      1,456.8    
Manufacturing                                                                               5,288.1                      5,189.9    
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                                                
Wholesale and retail trade                                                                  5,011.1                      5,018.7    
Transportation and warehousing                                                              1,892.2                      1,896.1    
Information                                                                                 461.9                        472.6      
Finance and insurance                                                                       1,017.3                      1,036.8    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                                             2,408.8                      2,440.1    
Professional, scientific and technical services                                             575.3                        625.3      
Management of companies and enterprises                                                     168.7                        166.3      
Support for business                                                                        228.1                        252.4      
Education services                                                                          888.9                        892.0      
Health care and social assistance                                                           595.3                        626.6      
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                                          131.4                        148.8      
Accommodation and food services                                                             557.3                        537.4      
Other services (except public administration)                                               455.5                        444.9      
Public administration                                                                       837.5                        833.8      
                                                                                                                                    
Gross value added at basic values                                                           24,048.3                     24,020.7   
Taxes on products, net of subsidies                                                         1,393.7                      1,390.7    
                                                                                                                                    
GDP                                                         Ps.                             25,442.0               Ps.   25,411.5   
                                                                                                                                    


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

(4)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

S-24

Table of Contents

Table No. 5 - Real GDP Growth by Sector

(Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                      
                                                                     Third quarter 
                                                                     2024     2025(2) 
GDP (real pesos)                                                              1.4    %         (0.1   )% 
Primary Activities:                                                                                   
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(3)                      7.0              3.7    
Secondary Activities:                                                                                 
Mining                                                                        (6.8   )         (5.0   ) 
Utilities                                                                     (1.8   )         (1.4   ) 
Construction                                                                  1.1              (4.7   ) 
Manufacturing                                                                 0.5              (1.9   ) 
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                  
Wholesale and retail trade                                                    1.3              0.2    
Transportation and warehousing                                                4.6              0.2    
Information                                                                   2.7              2.3    
Finance and insurance                                                         1.6              1.9    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                               1.2              1.3    
Professional, scientific and technical services                               12.1             8.7    
Management of companies and enterprises                                       11.7             (1.4   ) 
Administrative support, waste management and remediation services             (2.3   )         10.7   
Education services                                                            1.4              0.3    
Health care and social assistance                                             0.4              5.3    
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                            5.7              13.2   
Accommodation and food services                                               (3.5   )         (3.6   ) 
Other services (except public administration)                                 1.2              (2.3   ) 
Public administration                                                         2.7              (0.4   ) 


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

Employment and Labor

According to preliminary Tasa de Desocupación Abierta (Open Unemployment Rate) figures, Mexico's unemployment rate was 2.6% as of October 31, 2025, a one percentage point increase from the rate as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2025, the economically active population in Mexico (fifteen years of age and older) was 62.5 million and the labor force participation rate stood at 59.9%. As of January 1, 2026, the minimum wages were Ps. 440.87 per day for municipalities in the Zona Libre de la Frontera Norte (Northern Border Free Trade Zone) and Ps. 315.04 per day for the rest of Mexico, an increase of 13% and 5%, respectively, from the applicable minimum wages in effect from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. For additional information on Mexico's minimum wage policy, see "The Economy-Employment and Labor" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

On November 13, 2025, amendments to the general legal framework governing pension plans were published in the Official Gazette, including, among other measures, provisions to strengthen the protection of supplementary retirement savings for workers, provide certainty for employers, and improve the traceability of pension plan information with the aim of combatting fraud.

On December 3, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the standard work-week in Mexico would be gradually reduced from 48 hours to 40 hours by 2030, with two-hour annual reductions set to begin starting in January 2027. The federal executive branch sent the initiative to the Senate for deliberation on December 3, 2025 and the initiative must be approved by Congress before its enactment.

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette amending the Ley Federal de los Trabajadores al Servicio del Estado Reglamentaria del Apartado B) del Artículo 123 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, (Federal Law of Workers in the Service of the State, Regulating Article 123, Section B) of the Political Constitution of Mexico) and adding a new provision to the Ley General de ResponsabilidadesAdministrativas (General Law on Administrative Responsibilities), with the aim of protecting union autonomy and penalizing public servant interference in union processes as a serious administrative offense.

S-25

Table of Contents

Principal Sectors of the Economy

Manufacturing

The following table shows the value of industrial manufacturing output in billions of constant 2018 pesos and the percentage change of each sector as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.

Table No. 6 - Industrial Manufacturing Output by Sector

(In Billions of Pesos and Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                                                   
                                                   Third quarter 
                                                   2024          2025(2) 
Food                                                      Ps.    965.6              0.3     %       Ps.   978.7             1.4    % 
Beverage and tobacco products                                    262.1              1.0                   256.5             (2.1   ) 
Textile mills                                                    27.8               (3.0    )             25.3              (9.1   ) 
Textile product mills                                            16.9               (3.9    )             16.7              (0.9   ) 
Apparel                                                          56.1               (6.4    )             50.8              (9.4   ) 
Leather and allied products                                      26.1               (17.1   )             25.1              (4.0   ) 
Wood products                                                    34.5               (2.7    )             31.5              (8.6   ) 
Paper                                                            102.1              (1.3    )             99.1              (2.9   ) 
Printing and related support activities                          24.6               (1.8    )             23.7              (3.8   ) 
Petroleum and coal products                                      229.1              13.4                  251.5             9.8    
Chemicals                                                        382.0              9.4                   369.3             (3.3   ) 
Plastics and rubber products                                     167.7              3.1                   165.7             (1.2   ) 
Nonmetallic mineral products                                     157.2              (0.4    )             155.7             (1.0   ) 
Primary metals                                                   246.5              (8.2    )             253.1             2.7    
Fabricated metal products                                        172.8              (2.4    )             162.2             (6.2   ) 
Machinery                                                        215.4              (2.8    )             217.7             1.1    
Computers and electronic products                                484.2              (3.7    )             492.2             1.7    
Electrical equipment, appliances and components                  220.9              3.2                   211.8             (4.1   ) 
Transportation equipment                                         1,305.0            1.0                   1,181.0           (9.5   ) 
Furniture and related products                                   48.3               (3.0    )             46.7              (3.2   ) 
Miscellaneous                                                    143.1              3.7                   175.5             22.6   
                                                                                                                                   
Total expansion/contraction                               Ps.?   ?5,288.1           0.5     %       Ps.   5,189.9           (1.9   )% 
                                                                                                                                   


(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018. Percent change reflects differential in constant 2018 pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Petroleum and Petrochemicals

On August 5, Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), an empresa pública del estado (state-owned public company) presented its "Strategic Plan 2025-2030," which established PEMEX's Comprehensive Capitalization and Financing Strategy. This strategy is based on the continuous improvement in PEMEX's financial operations in terms of efficiency, discipline, risk management, and process optimization, as well as PEMEX's responsible use of resources. To this end, PEMEX, the Secretaría de Energía (Ministry of Energy, or SENER), and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit are working together to implement financial mechanisms to strengthen PEMEX's financial position and achieve the stability and resilience necessary to ensure its operational and financial continuity. These mechanisms are intended to reduce PEMEX's debt levels to ensure timely access to financing sources under competitive conditions. As part of these mechanisms, on December 1, 2025, the Government granted a guaranty in connection with a credit facility of up to Ps. 257.5 billion, the proceeds of which will be used to support energy sector investment projects.

On September 2, 2025, PEMEX launched an offer to purchase for cash certain of its outstanding dollar-denominated and euro-denominated notes with maturities between 2026 and 2029. The total aggregate principal amount of tenders accepted for purchase amounted to U.S.$9.9 billion, and the offers settled on October 1, 2025.

S-26

Table of Contents

On October 2, 2025, the credit rating agency Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

On October 3, 2025, two decrees were published in the Official Gazette establishing regulatory frameworks for various aspects of the hydrocarbons sector, including (i) the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Law of the Hydrocarbon Sector), which establishes the administrative, technical and legal framework for the regulation of hydrocarbon exploration, extraction, transportation and commercialization; and (ii) the Reglamento de la Ley de Ingresos Sobre Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Hydrocarbons Revenue Law), which, among other measures, updates energy sector administrative procedures regarding the allocation of and bidding process for hydrocarbon exploration and extraction contracts.

On October 3, 2025, the Norma Oficial Mexicana de Emergencia NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transporte de Gas Licuado de Petróleo (Mexican Official Emergency Standard NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transportation of Liquefied Petroleum Gas), was published in the Official Gazette. The standard aims to enhance safety measures and heighten obligations for regulated entities, including through requiring the submission of annual reports on the state of transportation and distribution units, with the aim of ensuring compliance and the timely detection of defects that could cause leaks or failures.

On December 11, 2025, SENER published an agreement in the Official Gazette with the aim of establishing clear criteria for recognizing the occurrence of fortuitous or force majeure events with respect to contracts for the exploration and extraction of hydrocarbons that may affect the fulfillment of contractual obligations.

Electric Power

On September 11, 2025, CFE FIBRA E, a Fideicomiso de Inversión en Energía Infraestructura (Energy and Infrastructure Investment Trust ), which is managed by an affiliate of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad (Federal Electricity Commission, or CFE) and in respect of which CFE has residual beneficiary rights, and which is focused on investing in energy and infrastructure (primarily collection rights in respect of fees charged for electricity transmission), issued U.S.$725 million of its 5.875% notes due 2040. This inaugural issuance by CFE FIBRA E attracted a record demand of U.S.$6.36 billion, the highest ever for an issuance by an energy and infrastructure trust in Mexico. The proceeds were used to acquire an additional 2.43% of the beneficiary rights under a trust holding collection rights, to reach an aggregate 6.78% of beneficiary rights under such trust. CFE is the ultimate beneficiary under the trust holding collection rights and expects to use the proceeds to finance strategic projects in connection with the Red Nacional de Transmisión (National Transmission Network, or RNT), within the framework of CFE's Plan de Fortalecimiento y Expansión del Sistema Eléctrico Nacional 2025-2030 (National Electric System Strengthening and Expansion Plan 2025-2030).

On October 3, 2025, a series of decrees issuing new energy sector regulations were published in the Official Gazette. First, the Reglamento de laLey de Planeación y Transición Energética (Regulations of the Energy Transition Law) established a binding framework for energy sector planning, with the aims of (i) strengthening the energy transition, (ii) promoting the sustainable use of energy, (iii) utilizing clean energy sources, and (iv) reducing polluting emissions, while ensuring the country's competitiveness and energy sovereignty. Second, the Reglamento de la Ley de Geotermia (Regulations of the Geothermal Energy Law) established an administrative, technical and environmental regulatory framework for the exploration and use of geothermal resources, including by articulating (i) requirements for obtaining permits and concessions, (ii) terms and conditions for each stage of geothermal development, and (iii) environmental assessment criteria. Third, the Reglamento de la Ley de Biocombustibles (Regulations for the Biofuels Law) sets forth regulations for production, commercialization, distribution and employment within the biofuels sector, with the aim of (i) promoting energy security and sustainable development, (ii) reducing pollutant emissions, and (iii) establishing technical, environmental and administrative requirements for value chain participants.

On October 3, 2025, another decree was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Eléctrico (Regulations of the Electricity Sector Law), which establishes regulations for the generation, transmission, distribution, and commercialization of electricity, with the aim of ensuring the Government's role in the administration and control of the national electricity system. The regulation also seeks to define procedures for granting permissions, establishing participation mechanisms and ensuring compliance with technical, environmental, and energy efficiency criteria.

S-27

Table of Contents

On December 16, 2025, the operating guidelines of the Consejo de Planeación Energética (Energy Planning Council) were published in the Official Gazette with the objective of strengthening coordination in national energy sector planning.

Tourism

On November 30, 2025, the Secretaría de Turismo (Ministry of Tourism, or SECTUR) announced that 5.0 million people were employed in the tourism sector in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 3,838 jobs compared to the second quarter of 2025 and a 1.8% increase compared to the same period in 2024, representing 9.3% of the national workforce.

On December 11, 2025, SECTUR announced that, from January to October 2025, 79.3 million international visitors arrived in Mexico, an increase of 13.6% compared to the same period in 2024. Of those international visitors, 16.6 million arrived in Mexico by air, representing an increase of nearly 100,000 visitors compared to the same period in 2024 and a 10.2% increase compared to the same period in 2019. The United States, Canada and the United Kingdom were the most represented countries of origin for tourists traveling by air to Mexico in this period.

Transportation and Communications

Highways

On October 8, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the Programa de Infraestructura Carretera (Road Infrastructure Program), which aims to modernize, expand and maintain the national road network to improve Mexico's connectivity and competitiveness, had achieved 60% overall completion.

On November 22, 2025, the Secretaría de Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes (Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation, or SICT) reported that 644 out of 820 kilometers of roads in the Mixteca region of Oaxaca have been expanded, maintained and modernized as part and representing 78% completion of the Ps. 6.2 billion Plan General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río Plan).

Seaports

From January to October 2025, total cargo handled at Mexican seaports totaled 209.0 million tons, an 8.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. This decrease was mainly driven by a decline in export cargo, which totaled 66.0 million tons, a 13.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. Imports also declined by 8.4% compared to the same period in 2024, totaling 99.6 million tons from January to October 2025.

Aviation

On December 9, 2025, SICT announced that Ps.129.1 billion are expected to be invested in airport infrastructure by 2030. In 2025, Ps. 36.5 billion of federal government and private sector funding was allocated to the country's 62 airports, including for expansion and modernization projects at the Puerto Escondido, Tepic, Monterrey, Guadalajara, Mexico City, Puerto Vallarta, Cancún, Tijuana, Mérida and Chihuahua airports.

Railways

On November 25, 2025, SICT announced that construction was underway on four passenger train routes in northern and central Mexico, including the Mexico City-Querétaro Train, the Mexico City-Pachuca Train, and the Querétaro-Irapuato Train. These projects aim to add or rehabilitate 785 kilometers of railway infrastructure, along with the development of main and secondary stations.

S-28

Table of Contents

Communications

On October 21, 2025, the Comisión Reguladora de Telecomunicaciones (Telecommunications Regulatory Commission, or CRT) announced the completion of the restructuring of the economic competition and telecommunications system. As part of this process, the Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (National Antitrust Commission, or CNA) was established to replace the former Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Commission for Economic Competition, or COFECE), and the CRT was created to succeed the Instituto Federal de Telecomunicaciones (Federal Telecommunications Institute, or IFT). The CRT is a decentralized administrative body of the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency), an independent agency tasked with furthering the efficient development of telecommunications and broadcasting in Mexico.

On November 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Estatuto Orgánico de la Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (Organic Statute of the National Antimonopoly Commission), which establishes the organizational structure and operating bases of the CNA as a decentralized public body of the government, in accordance with the Ley Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Antitrust Law).

On November 27, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced an expected investment of between Ps. 500 and Ps. 2,000 million in transportation infrastructure for each of the venues hosting the FIFA World Cup 2026 in Mexico, Mexico City (Metro Line 2), Jalisco (Line 5) and Nuevo León (Lines 4 and 6).

On December 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing a new methodology to determine the fees to be paid in connection with services provided by the CNA, such as concentrations analyses, which is informed by, international practices and the costs incurred by the CNA in providing such services, among other factors. Under this methodology, applicable fees are determined using a tiered structure based on the estimated maximum value of the operation and include an additional 15% sustainability surcharge.

Mining

On December 4, 2025, the Supreme Court affirmed the constitutionality of a decree published on May 8, 2023 in the Official Gazette that reformed, added and repealed various provisions on mining and water concessions contained in the Ley Minera (Mining Law), the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), the Ley General del Equilibrio Ecológico y la Protección al Ambiente (General Law of Ecological Balance and Environmental Protection) and the Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral de los Residuos (General Law for the Prevention and Comprehensive Management of Waste). Further, Supreme Court affirmed that Congress has the power to redefine the regulation of the mining and water sector, and that concession titles contain regulatory clauses that can be adjusted for the public interest.

S-29

Table of Contents

FINANCIAL SYSTEM

Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates

Money Supply and Savings

The following table shows Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply aggregates at each of the dates indicated. The methodology for the calculation of Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply is discussed in "Financial System-Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates-Money Supply and Savings" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Table No. 7 - Money Supply

                                                                                                               
                                  At September 30,                 
                                  2024                                            2025(1)   
                                  (in millions of nominal pesos)   
M1:                                                                                                            
Bills and coins                   Ps.                              2,836,728                Ps.   3,052,343    
Checking deposits                                                                                              
In domestic currency                                               2,556,699                      2,680,887    
In foreign currency                                                661,480                        650,214      
Interest-bearing peso deposits                                     1,480,211                      1,633,006    
Savings and loan deposits                                          85,659                         127,951      
                                                                                                               
Total M1                          Ps.                              7,620,777                Ps.   8,144,401    
                                                                                                               
M4                                Ps.                              19,354,248               Ps.   21,092,811   
                                                                                                               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Inflation

Consumer inflation at the end of the third quarter of 2025 was 3.8%, which was above Banco de México's 3.0% (+/- 1.0%) target inflation for the year, 0.4 percentage point lower than the 4.2% consumer inflation for 2024 and 0.9 percentage points lower than the 4.7% consumer inflation for 2023. This trend was the result of Banco de México's monetary policy actions and the decline in non-core inflation, particularly in fruits, vegetables and energy prices, which offset a moderate increase in core inflation.

Annual core inflation, which better reflects medium-term price pressures on the economy, remained higher than target inflation for the year and was 4.3% at the end of the third quarter of 2025, higher than core inflation of 3.7% for 2024.

On November 18, 2025, the Government announced the renewal of the Paquete Contra la Inflación y la Carestía (Anti-Inflation and Deficit Package, or PACIC), as part of which the private sector will contribute to stabilizing the prices of basic products, promoting a more balanced outlook between producers and consumers. The PACIC is intended to serve as a permanent platform for constructive dialogue between private companies and the public sector.

S-30

Table of Contents

The following table shows, in percentage terms, the changes in price indices and increases in the minimum wage for the periods indicated.

Table No. 8 - Rates of Change in Price Indices

                                                                                                                                                               
             National ConsumerPrice Index(1)(4)           National ProducerPrice Index(1)(3)(4)           Increase inMinimum Wage(5)   
2022                                              7.8                                               5.3                                    22.0;(6) 22.0(7)    
2023                                              4.7                                               1.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0(7)    
2024                                              4.2                                               7.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0 (7)   
2025:                                                                                                                                                          
January                                           3.6                                               7.6                                    12.0 ;(6) 12.0 (7)  
February                                          3.8                                               7.9                                    -?                  
March                                             3.8                                               7.3                                    -?                  
April                                             3.9                                               7.1                                    -?                  
May                                               4.4                                               6.8                                    -?                  
June                                              4.3                                               5.2                                    -?                  
July                                              3.5                                               4.1                                    -?                  
August                                            3.6                                               3.7                                    -?                  
September                                         3.8                                               3.4                                    -?                  
October                                           3.6                                               3.4                                    -?                  
November                                          3.8                                               2.8                                    -?                  


(1)

Changes in price indices are calculated as the 12-month percentage change. For annual figures, changes in price indices are calculated each December. Monthly figures are annualized.

(2)

Effective August 2018, the Índice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor (National Consumer Price Index, or INPC) was changed to: (1) update the base date to the second half of July 2018; (2) increase the number of categories for goods and services; (3) increase the number of areas represented; and (4) adjust the weighting of each component.

(3)

Índice Nacional de Precios al Productor (National Producer Price Index, or INPP) figures represent the changes in the prices for basic merchandise and services (excluding oil prices). INPP takes July 2019 as a base date.

(4)

Preliminary figures for July to November 2025.

(5)

Effective January 1, 2019, Mexico has two minimum wages: one rate applicable to municipalities located on the border with the United States, which are included in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone, and a different rate applicable to the rest of Mexico. The rate of change for 2019, for both the minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone and the minimum wage applicable to the rest of Mexico, is as compared to the minimum wage in effect prior to January 1, 2019.

(6)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

(7)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to areas other than the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

Sources: INEGI; Ministry of Labor and Social Security.

S-31

Table of Contents

Interest Rates

The following table sets forth the average interest rates per annum on 28-day and 91-day Certificados de la Tesorería de la Federación (Federal Treasury Certificates, or Cetes), the costo porcentual promedio (average weighted cost of term deposits for commercial banks, or CPP) and the 28-day and 91-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 9 - Average Cetes , CPP and TIIE Rates

                                                                                                                           
                 28-DayCetes            91-DayCetes            CPP       28-DayTIIE       91-DayTIIE   
2021:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   4.1                      4.1              3.2                           4.3          4.3    
July-December                  4.7                      5.1              3.3                           4.9          5.0    
2022:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   6.4                      7.0              4.3                           6.6          6.8    
July-December                  8.9                      9.6              6.0                           9.2          9.6    
2023:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.1                     11.4             7.9                           11.3         11.4   
July-December                  11.1                     11.3             8.5                           11.5         11.5   
2024:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.0                     11.2             8.7                           11.4         11.5   
July-December                  10.4                     10.5             8.3                           10.8         11.0   
2025:                                                                                                                      
January                        9.9                      9.8              7.9                           10.3         10.4   
February                       9.5                      9.3              7.8                           9.9          10.0   
March                          9.1                      9.0              7.5                           9.7          9.8    
April                          8.8                      8.6              7.2                           9.3          9.3    
May                            8.3                      8.3              6.9                           9.0          9.1    
June                           8.1                      8.0              6.7                           8.7          8.8    
July                           7.7                      8.0              6.4                           8.3          8.3    
August                         7.4                      7.7              6.2                           8.1          8.1    
September                      7.3                      7.6              6.1                           8.0          8.1    
October                        7.3                      7.4              5.9                           7.8          7.9    
November                       7.2                      7.3              5.8                           7.6          7.7    
December                       7.2                      7.2              5.7                           7.5          7.5    


Source: Banco de México.

During the first nine months of 2025, interest rates on 28-day Cetes averaged 8.2%, as compared to 10.8% during the same period of 2024. Interest rates on 91-day Cetes averaged 8.3%, as compared to 11.0% during the same period of 2024.

On January 2, 2026, the 28-day Cetes rate was 7.2% and the 91-day Cetes rate was 7.2%.

On September 25, 2025 and November 6, 2025, Banco de México held its sixth and seventh monetary policy meetings of 2025, respectively, and decreased the Tasa de Fondeo Bancario (overnight interbank funding rate) by 25 basis points on each occasion, bringing the rate to 7.25%. These decisions took into account the inflation outlook, the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive, the recent weakening of economic activity, exchange rate dynamics and potential spillovers from global trade policy shifts.

Banco de México decreased the overnight interbank funding rate to 7.0% at its meeting on December 18, 2025. That decision took into account the trajectory of inflation, the deceleration in domestic economic activity, exchange rate developments, and the prevailing global environment marked by trade tensions and geopolitical risks, as well as the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive. Therefore, as of January 2, 2026, the overnight interbank funding rate stood at 7.0%, compared to 10.0% as of December 31, 2024.

S-32

Table of Contents

Exchange Controls and Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign Exchange Rates

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the daily peso/U.S. dollar exchange rates published by Banco de México for the payment of obligations denominated in dollars and payable in pesos within Mexico.

Table No. 10 - Exchange Rates

                                                                            
             Representative Market Rate   
             End-of-Period                            Average   
2021                                      20.4672                 20.2787   
2022                                      19.4715                 20.1193   
2023                                      16.9190                 17.7382   
2024                                      20.7862                 18.3336   
2025                                                                        
January                                   20.6068                 20.5490   
February                                  20.5080                 20.4571   
March                                     20.4380                 20.2417   
April                                     19.6095                 20.0564   
May                                       19.3858                 19.4355   
June                                      18.8332                 19.0300   
July                                      18.7963                 18.6909   
August                                    18.6440                 18.7063   
September                                 18.3342                 18.499    
October                                   18.5725                 18.4296   
November                                  18.3075                 18.4185   
December                                  18.0012                 18.0739   


Source: Banco de México.

On January 2, 2026, the peso/U.S. dollar exchange rate closed at Ps. 17.8803 = U.S.$1.00, a 13.98% depreciation in dollar terms as compared to the rate on December 31, 2024. The peso/U.S. dollar buying exchange rate published by Banco de México on January 2, 2026 (which took effect on the second business day thereafter) was Ps. 17.9528= U.S.$1.00.

S-33

Table of Contents

Banking System

As of September 30, 2025, the total assets of the banking sector were Ps. 15,362.5 billion, which represented a real annual increase of 3.9% as compared to the end of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2025, the current loan portfolio of the banking sector had a balance of Ps. 7,863.4 billion, a real annual increase of 3.2% as compared to September 30, 2024. Finally, the banking sector's net result was Ps. 226.1 billion as of September 30, 2025, 2.1% lower in real terms as compared to September 30, 2024.

On October 1, 2025, the Consejo de Estabilidad Financiera (Mexican Financial Stability Board) updated its assessment of risks faced by the Mexican financial system, concluding that the Mexican financial system remains solid and resilient, and that the banking sector is adequately capitalized and counts with appropriate liquidity. The Mexican Financial Stability Board assessment also noted that the outlook continues to be subject to a high degree of uncertainty in connection with potential external shocks related to global monetary policy and geopolitical developments.

Banking Supervision and Support

As of September 30, 2025, the Índice de Capitalización (Capitalization Index, or ICAP) for the multiple banking sector was 20.4%, as compared to 19.4% as of September 30, 2024 and 19.09% as of December 31, 2024. For more information on ICAP, see "Financial System-Banking Supervision and Support-Bank Supervision Policy" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

As of September 30, 2025, all multiple banking institutions fell under the first early warning category, indicating that the institutions met the minimum capitalization requirements and were sufficiently capitalized in the event of unexpected loss scenarios. No immediate supervisory actions by the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV) were required as of that date.

On October 10, 2025, the Instituto para la Protección al Ahorro Bancario (Institute for the Protection of Bank Savings, or IPAB) announced the beginning of the liquidation process of CIBanco S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple (CIBanco). IPAB also announced that, in its role as liquidator, it would start to make payments in connection with insured deposits of up to 400,000 Unidades de Inversion (Investment Units, or UDIs), without the use of public funds, which are expected to fully cover the deposits of 99.4% of CIBanco's affected banking clients. Authorities also stated that CIBanco's 0.44% share of total banking system assets means its orderly liquidation does not pose a risk to the overall stability of the Mexican financial system.

On October 13, 2025, the CNBV announced the revocation of CIBanco's authorization to operate as a multiple banking institution following IPAB's appointment as liquidator of CIBanco's assets.

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit, through the UIF, reported that it is coordinating actions with the U.S. Department of the Treasury, including the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), to identify and disrupt financial structures associated with criminal organizations dedicated to the trafficking of narcotics. These joint efforts aim to block assets, prevent the use of front companies, and strengthen bilateral information-sharing mechanisms to limit the circulation of illicit proceeds in the Mexican and U.S. financial systems.

Insurance Companies, Mutual Funds and Auxiliary Credit Institutions

As of October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional del Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (National Retirement Savings System Commission, or CONSAR) reported that total net assets managed within the Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (Retirement Savings System, or SAR) reached Ps. 8.17 trillion, representing more than 20.0% of Mexico's GDP. These resources are invested under a diversified regime, allowing the Sociedades de Inversión Especializada en Fondos para el Retiro (Specialized Investment Companies in Retirement Funds, or SIEFORES) to maximize workers' savings based on the maturity profile of each fund. As of October 31, 2025, 51.9% of net assets managed within the SAR was invested in Mexican government bonds.

S-34

Table of Contents

On October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas (National Insurance and Surety Commission, or CNSF) reported that, as of September 30, 2025, the insurance and surety market was comprised of 113 institutions, and that in the third quarter of 2025, direct premiums in the insurance sector increased from Ps. 704.1 billion to Ps. 787.1 billion, representing a 7.7% real increase compared to the same period in 2024. The insurance and surety sector recorded 5.1% real growth in profits, increasing from Ps. 62.2 billion in the third quarter of 2024 to Ps. 65.3 billion in the third quarter of 2025.

Securities Markets

On January 2, 2026, the Índice de Precios y Cotizaciones (Stock Market Index, or IPC), which is calculated based on a group of the thirty-five most actively traded shares, stood at 64,141.36 points, representing a 29.5% increase from the level at December 31, 2024.

FOREIGN TRADE AND BALANCE OF PAYMENTS

Foreign Trade

On September 23, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Reglas de Procedimiento del artículo 10.12 (Revisión ante un Panel Binacional) del Tratado entre los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, los Estados Unidos de América y Canadá (Rules of Procedure of Article 10.12 (Review before a Binational Panel) of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which govern binational panel reviews in connection with Chapter 10 of the USMCA on trade remedies.

On December 15, 2025, the Government, through the Ministry of Economy, announced that the Paquete Arancelario (Tariff Package), which came into effect on January 1, 2026, and is intended to protect 350,000 jobs in the automotive, steel, footwear, textile and apparel industries in the states of Aguascalientes, Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, State of Mexico, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Nuevo León, Puebla, and Querétaro, without harming any trade partner or affecting trade relations with countries with which Mexico does not have a trade agreement in place.

S-35

Table of Contents

Foreign Trade Performance

The following table provides information about the value of Mexico's merchandise exports and imports (excluding tourism) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 11 - Exports and Imports

                                                                                                                                                                        
                                       First nine months                                                                  
                                       2024(1)                                                                                            2025(1)   
                                       (in millions of U.S. dollars, except averageprice of the Mexican crude oil mix )   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Oil and oil products                   U.S.$                                                                              21,402.5                  U.S.$   16,357.3    
Crude oil                                                                                                                 16,185.6                          11,646.9    
Other                                                                                                                     5,216.9                           4,710.4     
Non-oil products                                                                                                          434,357.7                         465,284.7   
Agricultural                                                                                                              17,813.6                          16,272.4    
Mining                                                                                                                    7,703.4                           9,537.3     
Manufactured goods(2)                                                                                                     408,840.7                         439,475.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise exports                                                                                                 455,760.2                         481,642.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Consumer goods                                                                                                            74,534.7                          70,215.0    
Intermediate goods(2)                                                                                                     354,900.0                         372,582.5   
Capital goods                                                                                                             45,797.4                          41,772.0    
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise imports                                                                                                 475,232.1                         484,569.5   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Trade balance                          U.S.$                                                                              (19,471.9   )             U.S.$   (2,927.5    ) 
                                                                                                                                                                        
Average price of Mexican oil mix(3)    U.S.$                                                                              72.1                      U.S.$   62.6        
                                                                                                                                                                        


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Includes the in-bond industry.

(3)

In U.S. dollars per barrel.

Source: Banco de México/PEMEX.

Foreign Trade Relations and Agreements

On August 28, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Mexico and Brazil had signed agreements on trade, health, agriculture, and energy to strengthen bilateral cooperation and expand opportunities for joint development.

On November 28, 2025, representatives of Mexico and Canada attended the first meeting of the Asociación Estratégica Integral México-Canadá (Mexico-Canada Integral Strategic Association, or AEIMC), with the aim of strengthening bilateral cooperation in priority sectors that contribute to joint development and well-being of both countries.

S-36

Table of Contents

Balance of Payments and International Reserves

The following table sets forth Mexico's balance of payments for the periods indicated:

Table No. 12 - Balance of Payments

                                                                                                              
                                First nine months               
                                2024(1)                                         2025(1)   
                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Current account(2)              U.S.$                           (27,525.5   )             U.S.$   (11,782.2   ) 
Credits                                                         568,480.7                         593,921.2   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                    456,262.2                         482,234.2   
Non-factor services                                             46,182.3                          48,732.8    
Transport                                                       7,665.1                           5,965.1     
Tourism                                                         24,266.8                          25,778.4    
Insurance and pensions                                          4,243.3                           3,684.2     
Financial services                                              663.7                             736.6       
Others                                                          9,343.4                           12,568.4    
Primary income                                                  16,927.9                          16,500.3    
Secondary income                                                49,108.3                          46,453.9    
Debits                                                          596,006.2                         605,703.4   
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                    475,763.6                         485,133.9   
Non-factor services                                             53,358.3                          54,937.4    
Transport                                                       18,795.4                          18,996.5    
Tourism                                                         7,947.9                           9,649.5     
Insurance and pensions                                          7,560.0                           7,520.4     
Financial services                                              2,309.3                           1,426.9     
Others                                                          16,745.8                          17,344.0    
Primary income                                                  65,800.5                          64,708.0    
Secondary income                                                1,083.8                           924.2       
Capital account                                                 (55.3       )                     (24.7       ) 
Credit                                                          266.8                             169.8       
Debit                                                           322.1                             194.5       
Financial account                                               (25,963.4   )                     (2,110.3    ) 
Direct investment                                               (32,363.2   )                     (33,820.9   ) 
Portfolio investment                                            1,319.3                           2,408.2     
Financial derivatives                                           2,610.2                           2,798.8     
Other investment                                                (8,998.1    )                     8,644.7     
Reserve assets                                                  11,468.3                          17,858.9    
International reserves                                          17,453.7                          27,520.1    
Valuation adjustment                                            5,985.4                           9,661.2     
Errors and omissions                                            1,617.4                           9,696.5     


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Current account figures are calculated according to a methodology developed to conform to new international standards under which merchandise exports and merchandise imports include the in-bound industry.

Source: Banco de México.

In the third quarter of 2025, Mexico's current account registered a surplus of U.S.$2.32 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, compared to a deficit of U.S.$2.04 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, in the third quarter of 2024. The increase in the current account balance was mainly due to an increase in the balance of non-oil goods and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in the primary income deficit. This was partially offset by a reduction in the secondary income surplus and increases in the deficits in services and oil goods.

S-37

Table of Contents

International Reserves and Assets

The following table sets forth Banco de México's international reserves and net international assets at the end of each period indicated.

Table No. 13 - International Reserves and Net International Assets(1)

                                                                                                                     
             End-of-PeriodInternational Reserves(2)(3)             End-of-PeriodNet International Assets   
             (in billions of U.S dollars)                
2022                                                     199.1                                               201.1   
2023                                                     212.8                                               214.3   
2024                                                     228.8                                               231.8   
2025:                                                                                                                
January                                                  230.8                                               240.7   
February                                                 234.3                                               245.5   
March                                                    237.0                                               246.5   
April                                                    239.1                                               245.8   
May                                                      240.0                                               246.2   
June                                                     241.5                                               248.9   
July                                                     242.3                                               251.2   
August                                                   244.4                                               248.9   
September                                                246.8                                               267.2   
October                                                  248.9                                               257.0   
November                                                 250.2                                               255.7   


(1)

"Net international assets" are defined as: (a) gross international reserves, plus (b) assets with maturities greater than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks, less (x) liabilities outstanding to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and (y) liabilities with maturities of less than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks.

(2)

Includes gold, Special Drawing Rights (international reserve assets created by the IMF) and foreign exchange holdings.

(3)

"International reserves" are equivalent to: (a) gross international reserves, minus (b) international liabilities of Banco de México with maturities of less than six months.

(4)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Foreign Investment in Mexico

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Economy reported that, in the first three quarters of 2025, Foreign Direct Investment in Mexico reached a historic high of U.S.$40.9 billion, a 14.5% increase compared to U.S.$35.7 billion in the same period in 2024.

S-38

Table of Contents

PUBLIC FINANCE

General

At the end of the third quarter of 2025, public finances remained consistent with the fiscal goals outlined in the 2025 Economic Package, reflecting an annual reduction in the budget deficit.

Fiscal policy

In September 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit published the Criterios Generales de Política Económica (General Criteria for Economic Policy) for 2026, on the basis of the Paquete Económico 2026 (2026 Economic Package) which sets forth a fiscal policy that aims to, among other objectives, (i) preserve macroeconomic stability, (ii) achieve the gradual normalization of the budget deficit and a sustainable level of public debt, and (iii) guarantee public investment in welfare programs, health sector policies, the strengthening of education and social housing and other priority programs, in accordance with the Estrategia Nacional de Industrialización y Prosperidad Compartida "Plan México" (the National Strategy for Industrialization and Shared Prosperity, or Plan Mexico).

The Budget

On November 7 and November 21, 2025, the Ley de Ingresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Federal Revenue Law, or the 2026 Revenue Law) and the Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal de 2026 (Federal Expenditure Budget for 2026, or the 2026 Expenditure Budget) were published in the Official Gazette, respectively.

Selected estimated budget expenditures and preliminary results are set forth in the table below.

Table No. 14 - Selected Budgetary Expenditures; 2025 Expenditure Budget

(In Billions of Pesos)

                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                     Actual                                              
                                     2024(1)               First nine monthsof 2024(1)                 First nine monthsof 2025(1)           2025 Budget(2)   
Health                               Ps.       65.6                                      Ps.   48.6                                    Ps.   42.6                 Ps.   66.7      
Education                                      449.1                                           344.2                                         383.4                      450.9     
Housing and community development              15.1                                            14.0                                          15.8                       38.0      
Government debt service                        1,042.5                                         773.1                                         846.4                      1,149.6   
CFE and PEMEX debt service                     107.9                                           139.9                                         176.8                      186.4     
PEMEX debt service                             73.1                                            111.6                                         143.5                      147.9     
CFE debt service                               34.7                                            28.3                                          33.4                       38.5      


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-39

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth the budgetary results for the periods indicated. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 and 2026 Budgets.

Table No. 15 - Budgetary Results; 2025 and 2026 Budget Assumptions and Targets

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                             Actual                                                                                     
                                                             2024(1)                First ninemonths of2024(1)             First ninemonths of2025(1)       2025 Budget(2)          2026 Budget(2)   
Real GDP growth (%)(3)                                                 1.4     %                                   1.7     %                                0.1              %                       0.5-1.5   %        1.8-2.8   % 
Increase in the national consumer price index (%)(4)                   4.2     %                                   4.6     %                                3.8              %                       3.8       %        3.0       % 
Average export price of Mexican oil mix (U.S.$/barrel)(5)              70.24                                       72.06                                    62.58                                    62.0               54.9      
Average exchange rate (Ps./$1.00)                                      18.3                                        17.7                                     19.5                                     19.6               19.3      
Average rate on 28-day Cetes (%)                                       10.7    %                                   10.9    %                                8.5              %                       8.4       %        6.6       % 
Public sector balance as % of GDP(6)                                   (5.0    )%                                  (3.0    )%                               (2.2             )%                      (3.6      )%       (3.6      )% 
Primary balance as % of GDP(6)                                         (1.5    )%                                  (0.6    )%                               0.5              %                       0.2       %        0.5       % 
Current account balance as % of GDP                                    (0.9    )%                                  (2.0    )%                               (0.9             )%                      (0.3      )%       (0.6      )% 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 and 2026 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025 and 2026, respectively. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 and 2026 economic results.

(3)

Figures represent year-over-year change for the first nine months of 2024 and first nine months of 2025.

(4)

Figures represent the 12-month percentage change in the consumer price index for the last month in the period indicated.

(5)

The Government entered into hedging agreements to mitigate the effects of a change in oil prices with respect to the level that was assumed in the 2025 Revenue Law. Therefore, the approved expenditures level should not be affected if the weighted average price of crude oil exported by PEMEX for the year falls below the price assumed in the 2025 Budget.

(6)

Includes the effect of expenditures related to the issuance of bonds pursuant to reforms to the Ley del Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado (Law of the Institute for Social Security and Social Services of Government Workers, or ISSSTE Law) and the recognition as public sector debt of certain long-term infrastructure-related projects (PIDIREGAS) obligations, as discussed under "Public Finance-Revenues and Expenditures-General" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-40

Table of Contents

Revenues and Expenditures

General

On November 27, 2025, the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (National Institute of Statistics and Geography, or INEGI) published the Estadística de Finanzas Públicas Estatales y Municipales 2024 (State and Municipal Public Finance Statistics, or EFIPEM), which consolidates information on revenue, expenditure, public debt and federal transfers by state and municipality based on data reported by local treasuries. The EFIPEM allows for the monitoring of state and municipal budget execution and multi-year fiscal planning, and provides key inputs for performance evaluation and the aligning of public spending with the objectives of the Plan Nacional de Desarrollo 2025-2030 (National Development Plan 2025-2030) and Mexico's international sustainable development commitments.

The following table presents the composition of public sector budgetary revenues for the first nine months of 2024 and 2025 in billions of pesos. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 Budget.

Table No. 16 - Public Sector Budgetary Revenues

(In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                               Actual                       
                                                                               First ninemonths of2024(2)               First ninemonths of2025(2)               2025 Budget(3)   
Budgetary revenues                                                                                          5,624.4                                    6,247.7                        8,055.6   
Federal Government                                                                                          4,070.9                                    4,615.3                        5,952.0   
Taxes                                                                                                       3,696.2                                    4,107.3                        5,297.8   
Income tax(4)                                                                                               2,036.3                                    2,243.2                        2,859.7   
Value-added tax                                                                                             1,038.8                                    1,149.4                        1,463.3   
Excise taxes                                                                                                449.9                                      495.8                          713.8     
Import duties                                                                                               98.0                                       125.8                          151.8     
Tax on the exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons                                                     5.1                                        5.0                            7.1       
Export duties                                                                                               0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Other                                                                                                       68.0                                       88.1                           102.0     
Non-tax revenue                                                                                             373.4                                      508.0                          654.2     
Fees and tolls(5)                                                                                           112.6                                      126.3                          151.2     
Transfers from the Mexican Petroleum Fund for Stabilization and Development                                 106.0                                      185.2                          279.8     
Fines and surcharges                                                                                        154.8                                      196.4                          223.2     
Other                                                                                                       0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Public enterprises and agencies                                                                             1,553.6                                    1,632.4                        2,103.7   
PEMEX(6)                                                                                                    667.3                                      737.5                          860.9     
Others(7)                                                                                                   886.3                                      894.9                          1,242.8   


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Nominal pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

(4)

Includes tax and oil Impuesto Sobre la Renta (Income Tax).

(5)

Includes oil and non-tax duties.

(6)

Includes oil revenues, which are classified as non-tax revenues for information consistency purposes.

(7)

Includes CFE, IMSS and ISSSTE.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

Revenues

Taxation and Tax Revenues

On October 31, 2025, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) recognized Mexico and its tax authority, the Servicio de Administración Tributaria (Tax Administration Service), for providing tax certainty for high-income taxpayers.

S-41

Table of Contents

Pursuant to the 2026 Revenue Law, the rates in cases of unpaid tax assessments are modified, starting in 2026, to reflect (i) increasing the rate on outstanding balances from 0.98% to 1.38% per month, and (ii) when payment by installments is authorized, increasing the rate from 1.26% to 1.42% per month, from 1.53% to 1.63% per month and from 1.82% to 1.97% per month for installment plans of up to 12 months, installments plans of between 12 and 24 months and installments plans of over 12 months or deferred payment plans, respectively.

Expenditures

Health and Labor, Education and Other Social Welfare Expenditures

On November 10, 2025, the Programa Institucional 2025-2030 del Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública (Institutional Program 2025-2030 of the National Institute of Public Health) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of improving public health in Mexico through scientific research and development, and by implementing a healthcare approach based on equity, social justice and collective well-being.

On November 25, 2025, the Consejo Nacional de Inclusión Financiera (National Council for Financial Inclusion, or CONAIF) presented the Política Nacional de Inclusión Financiera 2025-2030 (National Financial Inclusion Policy 2025-2030), which aims to promote the financial inclusion of individuals and businesses in Mexico.

On December 2, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced the launch of 500 Farmacias del Bienestar (Well-being Pharmacies), which aim to benefit elderly populations and those with disabilities by improving access to medication, with plans to implement them throughout Mexico by March 2026.

On December 5, 2025, the Programa Institucional de Financiera Para el Bienestar 2025-2030 (Institutional Program of Finance Entity for Well-Being) 2025-2030) was published in the Official Gazette, outlining the five-year program of the decentralized agency tasked, with serving the interests of vulnerable populations in the financial system, including by providing reliable and timely financial services and products.

Government Agencies and Enterprises

On December 10, 2025, the Ministry of Economy published the Calendario de Presupuesto Autorizado a la Secretaría de Economía y Entidades Paraestatales Apoyadas para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Authorized Budget Calendar for the Ministry of Economy and Supported Parastatal Entities for Fiscal Year 2026) in the Official Gazette.

PUBLIC DEBT

Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

The following table sets forth the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements as a percentage of GDP at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 17 - Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

(Percentage of GDP)(1)

                                                                                                                                        
                                                              At September 30, 2024(2)             At September 30, 2025(2)   
Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements                               49.3%                                  49.9%   


(1)

The calculation of Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements is discussed in footnote 1 to Table No. 67 in "Public Debt-Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

For an explanation of Mexico's public debt classification, including an explanation of the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements, please see "Public Debt-Public Debt Classification" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-42

Table of Contents

Internal Debt

On October 2, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 137.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 34.2 billion, Ps. 66.4 billion, and Ps. 36.4 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-term instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On October 31, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 165.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 27.0 billion, Ps. 49.1 billion, and Ps. 88.9 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-dated instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On December 5, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out sustainability-linked bond offerings in the local market in the amount of Ps. 26,200 million consisting of an issuance of BONDES G with two, four and six year maturities and an issuance of a Bono S with a 10 year maturity, each under the SDG Sovereign Bond Framework.

Internal Public Sector Debt

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the public sector at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 18 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Public Sector

                                                                                                                                      
                                                At September 30, 2024(1)                  At September 30, 2025(1)   
                                                (in billions of pesos)     
Gross Debt                                      Ps.                        13,330.7                                  Ps.   14,909.6   
By Term                                                                                                                               
Long-term                                                                  12,532.0                                        14,302.9   
Short-term                                                                 798.7                                           606.6      
By User                                                                                                                               
Federal Government                                                         12,595.0                                        14,171.6   
State-Owned Public Companies (PEMEX and CFE)                               326.6                                           301.7      
Development Banks                                                          409.1                                           436.2      
Financial Assets                                                           760.6                                           1,103.5    
Total Net Debt                                  Ps.                        12,570.1                                  Ps.   13,806.1   
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                    40.3       %                                    42.7       % 
Net Internal Debt/GDP(2)                                                   38.0       %                                    39.6       % 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

The calculation of net internal debt is discussed in footnote 2 to Table No. 68 in "Public Debt-Internal Debt-Internal Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-43

Table of Contents

Internal Government Debt

As of January 2, 2026, there was no debt of any state or municipality guaranteed by the Government outstanding.

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the Government at each of the dates indicated.

Table No. 19 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Government(1)

                                                                                                                                                                     
                           At September 30, 2024                                          At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in billions of pesos, except percentages)   
Government Securities                                                   Ps.12,108.8                                    96.1    %       Ps.13,699.2           96.7    % 
Cetes                                                                   1,764.2                                        14.0            2,034.5               14.4    
Floating Rate Bonds(5)                                                  2,190.5                                        17.4            2,216.0               15.6    
Inflation-Linked Bonds                                                  3,583.8                                        28.5            4,209.1               29.7    
Fixed Rate Bonds                                                        4,560.3                                        36.2            5,264.3               37.1    
STRIPS of Udibonos                                                      9.9                                            0.1             10.2                  0.1     
Other(3)                                                                486.2                                          3.9             472.5                 3.3     
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Gross Debt                                                        Ps.12,595.0                                    100.0   %       Ps.14,171.6           100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Net Debt                                                                                                                                                             
Financial Assets(4)                                                     437.2                                                          500.9                         
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Net Debt                                                          Ps.12,157.8                                                    Ps.13,670.7                   
                                                                                                                                                                     
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                 38.0          %                                                40.6          %               
Net Internal Debt/GDP                                                   36.7          %                                                39.2          %               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Internal debt figures do not include securities sold by Banco de México in open-market operations to manage liquidity levels pursuant to Regulación Monetaria. This is because such sales do not increase the Government's overall level of internal debt. Banco de México must reimburse the Government for any allocated debt that Banco de México sells into the secondary market and that is presented to the Government for payment. If Banco de México undertakes extensive sales of allocated debt in the secondary market, however, this can result in an elevated level of outstanding internal debt as compared to the Government's figure for net internal debt.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

Includes Ps. 98.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and Ps. 88.0 billion at September 30, 2025 in liabilities associated with social security under the ISSSTE Law.

(4)

Includes the net balance (denominated in pesos) of the General Account of the Tesorería de la Federación (Treasury of the Federation) in Banco de México.

(5)

Figures correspond to BONDES D floating rate bonds, which are linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE), whereas BONDES F and BONDES G are floating-rate bonds linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio de fondeo (funding equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIEF).

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Debt

On September 8, 2025, Standard & Poor's affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

On October 28, 2025, HR Ratings affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB+, changing the outlook from negative to stable.

On October 30, 2025, Kroll Bond Rating Agency affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

External Public Sector Debt

According to preliminary figures, as of September 30, 2025, outstanding gross external public sector debt totaled U.S.$256.4 billion, an approximate U.S.$35.3 billion increase from the U.S.$221.0 billion outstanding on December 31, 2024. Of this amount, U.S.$254.2 billion represented long-term debt and U.S.$2.2 billion represented short-term debt. Net external indebtedness increased by U.S.$25.3 billion during the first nine months of 2025.

S-44

Table of Contents

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external public sector debt, including a breakdown of such debt by type, a breakdown of such debt by currency and net external public sector debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 20 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Type(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                             
                                                At September 30, 2024(3)                      At September 30, 2025(3)   
                                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Long-Term Direct Debt of the Government         U.S.$                           128,907.8                                U.S.$   153,002.7   
Long-Term Debt of Budget Controlled Agencies                                    83,991.7                                         95,804.1    
Other Long-Term Public Debt(4)                                                  5,081.3                                          5,352.0     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long-Term Debt                            U.S.$                           217,980.8                                U.S.$   254,158.8   
                                                                                                                                             
Total Short-Term Debt                                                           6,767.7                                          2,196.1     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long- and Short-Term Debt                 U.S.$                           224,748.5                                U.S.$   256,354.9   
                                                                                                                                             


Table No. 21 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Currency(1)

                                                                                                                                                                       
                   At September 30, 2024 (3)                                             At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   168,884.1                                   75.1    %     U.S.$   190,191.4         74.2    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               7,123.6                                     3.2                   7,078.9           2.8     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                     1.4                   4,371.3           1.7     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,944.6                                     0.9                   1,952.1           0.8     
Euros                                                                      30,375.7                                    13.5                  36,911.9          14.4    
Others                                                                     13,343.5                                    5.9                   15,849.3          6.2     
                                                                                                                                                                       
Total              U.S.$                                                   224,748.9                                   100.0   %     U.S.$   256,354.9         100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                       


Table No. 22 - Net External Debt of the Public Sector(1)

                                                                                                                                                   
                           At September 30, 2024 (3)                                               At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   219,817.5                                   U.S.$   243,645.2   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            13.0        %                                       13.0        % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              12.7        %                                       12.4        % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

External debt denominated in foreign currencies other than U.S. dollars has been translated into dollars at exchange rates as of each of the dates indicated. External public debt does not include (a) repurchase obligations of Banco de México with the IMF (none of which was outstanding as of September 30, 2025) or (b) loans from the Commodity Credit Corporation to public sector Mexican banks. External debt is presented herein on a "gross" basis and includes external obligations of the public sector at their full outstanding face or principal amount. For certain informational and statistical purposes, Mexico sometimes reports its external public sector debt on a "net" basis, which is calculated as the gross debt net of certain financial assets held abroad. These financial assets include Mexican public sector external debt that is held by public sector entities but that has not been cancelled.

(3)

Adjusted to reflect the effect of currency swaps.

(4)

Includes debt of development banks and other administratively-controlled agencies whose finances are consolidated with those of the Government.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-45

Table of Contents

External Government Debt

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external Government debt, including the gross external Government debt, net external Government debt and net Government debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 23 - Gross External Debt of the Government by Currency

                                                                                                                                                                      
                   At September 30, 2024                                                 At September 30, 2025(2)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   82,687.5                                   64.1    %     U.S.$   95,634.8          62.5    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               6,305.8                                    4.9                   6,286.8           4.1     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                    2.4                   4,371.3           2.9     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,341.1                                    1.0                   1,346.3           0.9     
Euros                                                                      22,976.7                                   17.8                  30,286.3          19.8    
Others                                                                     12,519.4                                   9.7                   15,077.2          9.9     
                                                                                                                                                                      
Total              U.S.$                                                   128,907.9                                  100.0         U.S.$   153,002.7         100.0   
                                                                                                                                                                      


Table No. 24 - Net External Debt of the Government

                                                                                                                                                    
                           At September 30, 2024                                                     At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   125,755.2                                    U.S.$   150,368.7   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            7.5         %(2)                                     7.8         % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              7.3         %(2)                                     7.7         % 


Table No. 25 - Net Debt of the Government

                                                                                           
                    At September 30, 2024              At September 30, 2025(2)   
Internal Debt                               83.1   %                                83.2   % 
External Debt(1)                            16.9   %                                16.8   % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

The calculation of external debt is discussed in footnote 3 to Table No. 77 in "Public Debt-External Public Debt-External Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Securities Offerings and Liability Management Transactions

On September 19, 2025, Mexico issued €2,500,000,000 of its 3.500% Global Notes due 2029, €1,500,000,000 of its 4.500% Global Notes due 2034 and €1,250,000,000 of its 5.125% Global Notes due 2038.

On September 22, 2025, Mexico issued $1,500,000,000 of its 4.750% Global Notes due 2031, $4,000,000,000 of its 5.375% Global Notes due 2033 and $2,500,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2035.

On January 9, 2026, Mexico issued $3,000,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2034, $4,000,000,000 of its 6.125% Global Notes due 2038, and $2,000,000,000 of its 6.750% Global Notes due 2056.

IMF Credit Lines

On November 13, 2025, the IMF Executive Board renewed the Flexible Credit Line Arrangement with Mexico for two more years, maintaining it as a precautionary instrument to support external resilience.

S-46

Table of Contents

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

The underwriters severally have agreed to purchase, and Mexico has agreed to sell to them, the principal amount of each series of notes listed opposite their names below. The terms agreement, dated as of January , 2026, between Mexico and the underwriters provides the terms and conditions that govern this purchase.

                                                                                                                                                                               
Underwriters                                     Principal Amountof the 2031 notes       Principal Amountof the 2036 notes         Principal Amountof the 2040 notes   
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.            €                                                                           €                                           €     
Banco Santander, S.A.                            €                                                                           €                                           €     
BNP PARIBAS                                      €                                                                           €                                           €     
Citigroup Global Markets Limited                 €                                                                           €                                           €     
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank    €                                                                           €                                           €     
Société Générale                                 €                                                                           €                                           €     
                                                                                                                                                                               
Total                                            €                                                                           €                                           €     
                                                                                                                                                                               


Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP PARIBAS, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Société Générale are acting as joint bookrunners in connection with the offering of the notes.

The underwriters plan to offer the notes to the public at the respective public offering price set forth for the 2031 notes, the 2036 notes and the 2040 notes on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. After the initial offering of the notes, the underwriters may vary the offering price and other selling terms. The underwriters may offer and sell the notes through certain of their respective affiliates. Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

The underwriters are purchasing and offering the notes, subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of the validity of the notes by counsel and other conditions contained in the terms agreement, such as the receipt by the underwriters of certificates of officials and legal opinions. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders, in whole or in part.

Certain of the underwriters are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a U.S. registered broker-dealer. To the extent that any such underwriter intends to effect sales in the United States or to U.S. persons, they will do so only through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers or otherwise as permitted by applicable U.S. laws and regulations.

Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Mexico or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mexico or its affiliates. If any of the underwriters or their affiliates has a lending relationship with us, certain of those underwriters or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those underwriters or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, these underwriters and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in our securities, including potentially the notes offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the notes offered hereby. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

S-47

Table of Contents

In order to facilitate the offering of the notes, the underwriters and their affiliates may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or affect the price of the notes. In particular, the underwriters or their affiliates may:

•

over-allot in connection with the offering (i.e., apportion to dealers more of the notes than the underwriters have), creating a short position in the notes for their own accounts;

•

bid for and purchase notes in the open market to cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the notes; or

•

if the underwriters or their affiliates repurchase previously distributed notes, reclaim selling concessions which they gave to dealers when they sold the notes.

Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the notes above independent market levels. The underwriters or their affiliates are not required to engage in these activities, but, if they do, they may discontinue them at any time.

Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the underwriters, or any person acting on behalf of the underwriters, in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. This supplements the stabilization provision in the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025 issued by Mexico.

It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on the business day following the date hereof (such settlement cycle being referred to herein as "T+ "). Trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+ , to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery should consult their own advisors.

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately € , after the deduction of the underwriting discount and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately € .

The underwriters have agreed to pay for certain expenses of Mexico in connection with the offering of the notes.

Mexico has agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or to contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in respect of any of those liabilities.

S-48

Table of Contents

Selling Restrictions

The notes are being offered for sale in jurisdictions where it is legal to make such offers. The notes will not be sold or offered in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. There will not be any distribution or publication of any document or information relating to the notes in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. If you receive this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, then you must comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the place where you (a) purchase, offer, sell or deliver the notes or (b) possess, distribute or publish any offering material relating to the notes. Your compliance with these laws and regulations will be at your own expense.

In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay. See below and "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus for further details on the restrictions on the offer and sale of the notes.

The terms relating to non-U.S. offerings that appear under "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus do not apply to the offer and sale of the notes under the registration statement.

Austria

This document (the prospectus supplement and prospectus) is not an approved securities prospectus pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ("Prospectus Regulation") and the information contained herein does not constitute a public offer to grant or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the notes. No prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be provided or approved in the Republic of Austria and no prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be passported into the Republic of Austria as the notes are only offered in the Republic of Austria in reliance on an exemption from the prospectus publication requirement under the Prospectus Regulation.

This document does not constitute a public offering (öffentliches Angebot) to investors in the Republic of Austria and must not be used in conjunction with a public offering pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) in the Republic of Austria. No prospectus pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) has been or will be approved (gebilligt) by or notified (notifiziert) to the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsicht) and no such prospectus has been or will be published in Austria in any way which would constitute a public offering under Austrian law (whether presently or in the future), nor has been or will such prospectus be deposited with the filing office (Meldestelle) of Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG.

This document is being made available in the Republic of Austria for the sole purpose of providing information about the securities described herein solely to individually qualified investors in Austria. This document is being made available on the condition that it is solely for the use of the recipient as a potential and individually qualified investor and may not be passed on to any other person or reproduced in whole or in part.

S-49

Table of Contents

Consequently, the notes are not authorized for public offering under the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) and no public offers or public sales or invitation to make such an offer may be made. No advertisements may be published and no marketing materials may be made available or distributed in the Republic of Austria in respect of the securities. A public offering of the securities in the Republic of Austria without the prior publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Austrian Capital Market Act would constitute a criminal offense under Austrian law.

Belgium

In Belgium, this offer is not directly or indirectly, being made to, or for the account of, any person other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers/investisseurs qualifiés) within the meaning of Article 2, e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. (Règlement (UE) 2017/1129 du 14 juin 2017 du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant le prospectus à publier en cas d'offre au public de valeurs mobilières ou en vue de l'admission de valeurs mobilières à la négociation sur un marché réglementé, et abrogeant la directive 2003/71/CE/Verordening (EU) 2017/1129 van het Europees Parlement en de Raad van 14 juni 2017 betreffende het prospectus dat moet worden gepubliceerd wanneer effecten aan het publiek worden aangeboden of tot de handel op een gereglementeerde markt worden toegelaten en tot intrekking van Richtlijn 2003/71/EG) ("The Regulation"), as amended or replaced from time to time, and that do not qualify as consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law of February 28, 2013 (Qualified Belgian Investors). As a result, and further to Article 1, 4, a of The Regulation this offer does not constitute a public offer pursuant to Article 3, 1 of The Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time. Consequently, the offer has not been and will not be notified to, and the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and any other offering material relating to the offer has not been, and will not be, submitted to nor approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) pursuant to the Belgian laws and regulations applicable to the public offering of securities. The offer as well as any other materials relating to the offer may not be advertised, and this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus or any other information circular, brochure or similar document may not be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Belgium other than Qualified Belgian Investors, acting on their own account, and may not be used in connection with any offering in Belgium except as may otherwise be permitted by law.

Brazil

The offer and sale of the notes have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (comissão de valores mobiliários, or "CVM") and, therefore, will not be carried out by any means that would constitute a public offering in Brazil under CVM Resolution No 160, dated 13 July 2022, as amended ("CVM Resolution 160") or unauthorized distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The notes will be authorized for trading on organized non-Brazilian securities markets and may only be offered to Brazilian professional investors (as defined by applicable CVM regulation), who may only acquire the notes through a non-Brazilian account, with settlement outside Brazil in non-Brazilian currency. The trading of these securities on regulated securities markets in Brazil is prohibited.

S-50

Table of Contents

Canada

The notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to section 3A.4 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

Chile

Notice to Chilean Investors

The offer of the notes in Chile is made solely on a private placement basis, pursuant to CMF General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, as amended by the Financial Market Commission of Chile (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, or "CMF") General Rule No. 452 ("Rule 336"), and only to persons in Chile that qualify as "Qualified Investors" (Inversionistas Calificados) under CMF General Rule No. 216, including, as applicable, "Institutional Investors" under CMF General Rule No. 410.

Pursuant to Rule 336, the following information is made available to prospective investors in Chile:

(1)

Date of commencement of the offer: January , 2026;

(2)

the notes are not registered in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) kept by the CMF, and therefore are not subject to the supervision of the CMF;

(3)

since the notes are not registered in Chile, the issuer has no obligation to provide public information in Chile regarding the notes; and

(4)

the notes may not be publicly offered in Chile unless they are registered with the relevant CMF registries.

The notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Chile or to any person resident or domiciled in Chile, except in transactions that qualify as a private offering under Rule 336. No public marketing, advertising or general solicitation may be conducted in or from Chile and offering materials may not be publicly distributed or made available in Chile (including through unrestricted electronic means). Investors in Chile will be required to represent their status as Qualified Investors and acknowledge these restrictions.

Colombia

The notes may not be offered, sold or negotiated in Colombia, except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The notes have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Issuers and Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Valores) managed by the Colombian Superintendence of Finance, therefore, this document does not constitute and may not be used for, or in connection with, a public offering as defined under Colombian law.

S-51

Table of Contents

Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

(a)

a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

(b)

a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

France

The notes may not be offered or sold or caused to be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France and neither this prospectus supplement and the related prospectus, which have not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers ("AMF"), nor to a competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area (a "Member State") that would have notified its approval to the AMF in accordance with the passport procedure provided under the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in France and in the relevant Member State, nor any other offering material or information contained therein relating to the notes may be released, issued or distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, or used in connection with any offer for subscription, exchange or sale of the notes to the public in France.

Any such offers, sales and distributions may be made in France only to (i) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in article 2 point (e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or to (ii) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in Articles L.411-2(1) and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1 and L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

Germany

This document does not constitute a prospectus compliant with the Prospectus Regulation and does therefore not allow any public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"). No prospectus (Prospekt) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) or any other applicable laws in Germany has been or will be published in Germany, nor has this document been filed with, approved by or notified to the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) for publication in Germany.

This document is strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus are strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

S-52

Table of Contents

Hong Kong

The notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O, and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

The contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Each intermediary or purchaser of the notes is advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer of the notes and, if in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, should obtain independent professional advice.

The notes are not the equivalent to time deposits and are not protected deposits under the Deposit Protection Scheme in Hong Kong.

Italy

The offering of the notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus nor any other document relating to any notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

The offering of the notes is being carried out in the Republic of Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 1, paragraph 4, letter c), of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

The notes may not be offered, sold or delivered nor any copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement and/or any other document relating to the notes may be distributed in the Republic of Italy except in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as provided under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the "Consolidated Financial Act") and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the "Issuer Regulation").

Any offer, sale or delivery of the notes or distribution of copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement or any other document relating to the notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling restrictions set out above and be:

(a)

made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") (in each case, as amended) and any other applicable laws or regulation;

S-53

Table of Contents

(b)

in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and

(c)

in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.

Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the notes or the relevant offering.

Japan

The notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and each underwriter and agent will represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

Luxembourg

The notes may not be offered to the public in Luxembourg, except in the following circumstances:

a.

in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those notes which have been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (CSSF) in Luxembourg or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant European Union Member State and notified to ESMA and the CSSF, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication (hereafter a "Public offer");

b.

at any time to qualified investors, which, pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, means persons or entities that are listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with Section II of that Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of Directive 2014/65/EU unless they have entered into an agreement to be treated as non-professional clients in accordance with the fourth paragraph of Section I of that Annex. For the purposes of applying the first sentence of this point, investment firms and credit institutions shall, upon request from the issuer, communicate the classification of their clients to the issuer subject to compliance with the relevant laws on data protection;

c.

an offer of securities addressed to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State, other than qualified investors; and/or

d.

at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the issuer of a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation.

S-54

Table of Contents

The applicability of the selling restrictions provided by Luxembourg law will depend on whether the invitation is to be treated as a public offer or whether it can be made under one of the exemptions of Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "private placement").

For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of notes to the public in relation to any notes in Luxembourg means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase the notes, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or any variation thereof or amendment thereto.

Mexico

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV, and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors in Mexico that qualify as institutional and accredited investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

Netherlands

The notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).

Peru

The notes and the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been and will not be registered with or approved by the SMV, SBS, as defined under Peruvian law, or the Lima Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the notes cannot be offered or sold in Peru, except if such offering is a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian Securities Market Law establishes that any offering may qualify as a private offering if it is directed exclusively to institutional investors.

Singapore

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

S-55

Table of Contents

Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term or provision as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time.

Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore: The notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

Spain

The notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of the notes be carried out in Spain except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under the (i) Spanish Securities Markets Act, Law 6/2023 on the Securities Markets and Investment Services, dated March 17 (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), the (ii) EU Prospectus Regulation, and (iii) supplemental rules enacted thereunder.

The notes may only be offered in Spain by entities authorized under the Spanish Securities Markets Act and Royal Decree 813/2023, of November 8, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and other entities that provide investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the provisions thereunder.

Offers of notes in Spain shall only be directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible counterparties, as defined in articles 194 and 196 of the Spanish Securities Market Act, respectively.

None of the notes, this offering or this prospectus supplement and its contents have been approved or registered with the Spanish Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).

Switzerland

The offer of the notes is made in Switzerland on the basis of a private placement, not as a public offering. The notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer of the notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

S-56

Table of Contents

United Kingdom

Each underwriter has, severally and not jointly, represented and agreed that:

(a)

it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuer; and

(b)

it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.

Uruguay

The sale of any series of notes issued hereby qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627. Mexico represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any notes to the public in Uruguay, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The sale of any series of notes hereunder is not and will not be registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay.

S-57

Table of Contents

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público

Insurgentes Sur 1971

Torre III, Piso 7

Colonia Guadalupe Inn

Ciudad de México, México, 01020

TRUSTEE, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT,

AUTHENTICATING AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT

AND EXCHANGE RATE AGENT

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

1 Columbus Circle, Floor 4S

New York, New York 10019

LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

69 route d'Esch

L - 2953 Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

LEGAL ADVISORS TO MEXICO

                                                                                                       
As to United States LawCleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLPOne Liberty PlazaNew York, New York 10006  As to Mexican LawDeputy Federal Fiscal Attorney for Financial AffairsMinistry of Finance and Public CreditInsurgentes Sur 795Piso 12Colonia NápolesCiudad de México, México, 03810


LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE UNDERWRITERS

                                                                                          
As to United States LawSullivan & Cromwell LLP125 Broad StreetNew York, New York 10004   As to Mexican LawRitch, Mueller y Nicolau, S.C.Av. Pedregal No. 24Piso 10Col. Molino del ReyCiudad de México, México, 11040


S-58

Disclaimer

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 12, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 12, 2026 at 16:31 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020260112em1c00ldz




Expeditors International of Washington Inc. - Warehousing and Distribution in Mexico: Nearshoring Solutions

Expeditors International of Washington Inc. published this content on January 12, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via Public Technologies (PUBT), unedited and unaltered, on January 12, 2026 at 15:55 UTC. 
1,010 words
12 January 2026
Public Companies News and Documents via PUBT
LCDVP
English
Copyright 2026. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Warehousing and Distribution in Mexico: Nearshoring Solutions

Warehousing and Distribution in Mexico: Nearshoring Solutions

Written by Gervasio Verdaguer 5 minute read

* Tweet

Finding the right warehouse in Mexico can feel overwhelming, but with the right programs and partners, nearshoring becomes a competitive advantage. Located next to the United States, one of the world's largest consumer markets, Mexico offers unmatched proximity for nearshoring.

Accessible facilities and efficient distribution are needed to store goods without paying duties until ready to enter the local market, reducing upfront costs. By partnering with logistics providers and warehousing solutions, you can secure scalable options without heavy capital investment.

Border crossings enable efficient northbound and southbound movement for distribution needs when supported by strong planning and partnerships. At the same time, access to ports on both the Pacific and Atlantic coastsmakes Mexico ideal for global trade. There are specific warehousing and distribution solutions to keep in mind when operating in Mexico to make the most of your supply chain.

Storing Your Goods Under the IMMEX Program

The Industria Manufacturera, Maquiladora y de Servicios de Exportación (IMMEX) Program is a Mexican government initiative that enables companies engaged in export-oriented manufacturing or services to temporarily import raw materials, components, and even machinery without paying import duties or taxes. These benefits apply if the imported goods are used in production for export and the finished products leave Mexico for consumption abroad. Goods typically enter Mexico as temporary imports for up to 18 months, and all imported materials must be used exclusively for export-focused production or services.

Beyondlocation advantages, operating in Mexico offers value in programs like IMMEX, which demand strict customs compliance. Program benefits only apply when companies meet strict requirements. Failure to comply can result in loss of eligibility and costly supply chain disruptions.

Leveraging RFE Facilities for Strategic Storage

A Recinto Fiscalizado Estratégico (RFE) facility is a designated customs-controlled zone within Mexico that allows companies to store, handle, and even transform goods under special tax and duty benefits. Unlike IMMEX, which is a program for temporary imports, RFE facilities provide flexibility for businesses that need to keep goods in Mexico without immediately importing them into the national territory. Import duties and taxes apply only if the inventory exceeds the permitted timeframe, making RFE ideal for inventory staging, distribution, or light transformation before final import or export.

Whether leveraging IMMEX, RFE, or both programs, choosing the right option is critical. Misalignment can lead to compliance risks and lost savings, making it essential to align your choice with operational goals from the start.

Mexico's Regional Logistics Strength

With its diverse industrial regions, Mexico offers a strong foundation for nearshoring. Mexico City drives retail logistics with high-volume consumer demand, while Guadalajara powers tech and electronics manufacturing through precision-driven supply chains. Monterrey stands out as an industrial and automotive hub, supported by robust infrastructure and foreign investment. Queretaro strengthens this network with its specialization in the automotive and aerospace industries, offering advanced manufacturing capabilities and skilled labor. On the Pacific coast, Manzanillo serves as a critical gateway for raw materials and global trade.

Together, these regions create a balanced network that supports nearshoring strategies across multiple sectors, demonstrating extensive knowledge and capabilities to serve a wide range of industries exploring opportunities in Mexico.

Expeditors Warehousing & Distribution Establishment in Mexico

Expeditors operates across Mexico with facilities located in key regions, providing warehousing options designed to fit different operational models. These include dedicated spaces and shared environments for cost efficiency. Our global network connects supply chain activities with related services such as transportation and customs compliance.

We leverage variable-cost models through multi-customer facilities and optimized asset utilization, supported by 17 warehousing locations and over 1.3 million square feet across the country. Our proprietary Warehouse Management System (WMS), called EXP.O Distribution, delivers real-time visibility and ensures consistent performance. Operations are managed by trained logistics professionals and established partnerships to maintain control and quality.

* Multi-Channel Fulfillment: Handling orders from retail, e-commerce, and wholesale to streamline inventory and order processing.

* Cross-Dock: Moving goods directly from inbound to outbound transport to reduce handling time and accelerate delivery.

* Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI): Managing inventory at customer sites to improve availability and reduce carrying costs.

* Transload: Transferring cargo between transport modes (e.g., ocean to truck) to minimize storage and optimize transit.

* Upstream Fulfillment: Staging products near manufacturing or sourcing points to shorten lead times and improve responsiveness.

* Value-Added Solutions: Adding packaging, labeling, and other enhancements for operational flexibility.

Wh en considering nearshoring opportunities in Mexico, it is important to explore the country's entire logistics landscape, beyond warehousing and distribution solutions. We've recently published various articles to assist with this exploration. Start with "Discovering Opportunity in Mexico's Logistics Landscape" to gain deeper insights into Mexico's capabilities and how they can support your supply chain strategy.

Then, dive into "Navigate Trade in Mexico: Customs Compliance and Strategic Partnerships" to learn why working with a knowledgeable and experienced broker is key to successful import operations.

Finally, explore "US/Mexico Cross-Border Ground Transportation" to understand the role of efficient, secure, and compliant ground transport in connecting your supply chain across borders, highlighting challenges and solutions for seamless movement between the U.S. and Mexico.

Contact your local Expeditors representative to learn how our extensive warehousing and distribution solutions in Mexico can provide flexibility and scalability to your cross-border operations.

Blog was originally posted on January 12, 2026 7 AM

Topics: Distribution, Warehousing, Mexico, Nearshoring

Disclaimer

Expeditors International of Washington Inc. published this content on January 12, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via Public Technologies (PUBT), unedited and unaltered, on January 12, 2026 at 15:55 UTC.

Document LCDVP00020260112em1c00mu9




CE Noticias Financieras English
Sheinbaum will hold a call with Trump today following his threat of possible ground operations against cartels; Monday, January 12, morning press conference postponed

1,245 words
12 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

MEXICO CITY.- President Claudia Sheinbaum delayed her morning press conference on Monday, originally scheduled for 7:30 a.m., to 9:00 a.m.

According to information confirmed by federal government sources, the change was due to a scheduled call with U.S. President Donald Trump.

The conversation is taking place in a context of high diplomatic tension, after Trump publicly resumed his discourse on the possibility of direct action against the cartels, days after the U.S. military intervention in Venezuela on January 3, an operation in which Nicolás Maduro was captured.

The US president's statements, made in an interview with Fox News, reignited concern in both countries.

"Something has to be done with Mexico," Trump said, referring to the fight against drug trafficking, in comments that add to his assertion that the cartels "are ruling Mexico."

US President Donald Trump announced that his administration will take "ground" action against Mexican cartels as part of a new phase of its anti-drug trafficking strategy. Photo: Gemini/ArchiveThe information about the bilateral conversation comes as diplomatic authorities from both countries had already held previous contacts, according to official statements from the U.S. State Department and Mexico's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (SRE).

Washington and the previous call between foreign ministries

Prior to this direct contact between the leaders, U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio spoke by phone with Mexican Foreign Minister Juan Ramón de la Fuente.

According to the State Department's Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Rubio raised the need to dismantle the cartels' criminal networks and curb the trafficking of fentanyl and firearms.

Marco Rubio has toughened the U.S. stance toward Mexico, formally introducing the concept of "narco-terrorism" into the binational agenda. (Reuters/El Universal/Canva)In the statement, he also reaffirmed the United States' commitment to combating drug trafficking and stressed the urgency of obtaining "tangible results to protect our country."

For its part, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported that this call was made on the instructions of President Claudia Sheinbaum, with the aim of following up on the Border Security Cooperation Program.

"Under the principles of unrestricted respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity, shared responsibility, mutual trust, and collaboration without subordination," the Mexican Foreign Ministry said in its official statement.

Trump and the context that set off the alarms

Trump's statements did not come out of nowhere.

They came after the U.S. military operation in Venezuela and the capture of Nicolás Maduro, an event that reshaped the regional political landscape and reignited fears that Washington might attempt similar actions in other countries.

In an interview with host Sean Hannity, Trump said: "The cartels control Mexico; it's very sad to see what has happened to that country. We have eradicated 97% of the drugs coming in by water, and now we are going to start attacking the cartels by land."

You may be interested in: While Trump threatens "ground attacks" against cartels, economists warn that a US military escalation in Mexico could trigger inflation, energy price hikes, and new risks to prices.

These words sparked reactions not only in Mexico, but also within the US Congress itself.

Democrats warn of a "disaster" if there is military action in Mexico

A total of 75 Democratic Party lawmakers sent a letter to Secretary of State Marco Rubio to "strongly oppose" any attempt at military operation on Mexican territory.

In the document, signed by Joaquín Castro, Gregory W. Meeks, and Greg Stanton, among others, the congressmen warned that bombing or intervening in Mexico would spell political, economic, and diplomatic "disaster."

After the operation in Caracas, Sheinbaum defends the Estrada Doctrine and distances herself from Trump's statements. | Credit: Presidency/AP"Under President Claudia Sheinbaum, Mexico has dramatically increased its cooperation with the United States. Any unilateral military action would violate Mexico's sovereignty and tarnish the new era of cooperation," they said.

They also warned of the economic consequences, noting that direct foreign investment from the United States in Mexico exceeded $14.5 billion in 2025 and that more than five million jobs depend on bilateral trade.

In addition, they stressed that an intervention "would undermine decades of joint efforts" against drug supply chains and corruption.

Sheinbaum's message: dialogue and coordination, not imposition

Since Trump's public threats began, the Mexican president has reiterated that any unilateral military action would be a serious violation of national sovereignty.

On January 9, Sheinbaum explained that the US president's statements are "part of his way of communicating," but made it clear that Mexico will seek direct contact.

"Yesterday, I asked Foreign Minister Juan Ramón de la Fuente to communicate directly with the Secretary of State and, if necessary, to speak with President Trump to strengthen coordination," she said during her morning press conference.

Since taking office in October 2024, Sheinbaum has reinforced the discourse of bilateral cooperation, while showing results in the area of security.

"'We talked mainly about trade': that's how the meeting between Trump, Sheinbaum, and Carney went, and what's next for the USMCA in 2026." | Credit: APShe presented preliminary data showing a 40% decrease in homicides, pushed for mass expulsions of alleged high-ranking cartel members to the United States, and backed a sustained military offensive against the Sinaloa Cartel.

Is an incursion like the one in Venezuela feasible?

International politics and security experts consider it unlikely that the United States will replicate a scenario like Venezuela's in Mexico.

Anna Ayuso, a researcher at the CIDOB international studies center, explained in an interview with the EFE news agency:

"It is unlikely that the United States will enter Mexico, a legitimate democracy with which it shares a border, interests, and agreements. What may happen is that it will force the country to carry out joint operations against drug trafficking."

Ayuso also warned that the operation in Venezuela and subsequent threats are part of a broader geopolitical pressure strategy, aimed not only at Latin America, but also at China and Russia.

Criticism of the "go after the kingpins" approach

Other analysts question the narrative of directly attacking criminal leaders.

Historian Benjamin T. Smith, author of The Dope: the Real History of the Mexican Drug Trade, explained to CNN that today's criminal organizations function as complex economic networks.

"As long as there is high demand for drugs, you are not going to eliminate the supply," he said.

Similarly, researcher Falko Ernst said the underlying problem is that in large areas, "no one has firm control, neither the cartels nor the government."

"You have a mosaic of different forms of power... this makes it so complex that you can't implement a single solution for the whole country," he said.

A shifting regional landscape

According to Ayuso, Latin America is divided over the US offensive: some governments applaud the incursion into Venezuela, others keep their distance, and some openly criticize it.

In his view, the move also seeks to reorder U.S. influence in the Western Hemisphere, in a context where elections in several countries could shift the political balance.

With information from El Universal and France 24.

You may be interested in: The United States demands results from Mexico against "narco-terrorism": Marco Rubio's strong warning that redefines the fight against fentanyl and weapons.

Document NFINCE0020260112em1c0076p




CE Noticias Financieras English
The phenomenon of dating with agreements that is growing among new nearshoring executives

1,732 words
10 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

The arrival of foreign executives and repatriated Mexicans is driving a selective companionship market in Monterrey, Querétaro, and Mexico City. Specialized platforms connect professionals with impossible schedules with young people interested in experiences and networking.

Dinner at a restaurant in Polanco. A box seat at the Palacio de Bellas Artes. A weekend in Valle de Guadalupe or Los Cabos. Experiences that take on a whole new meaning when shared with the right company. This is the premise behind selective dating platforms that are beginning to gain ground in Mexico, driven by a specific profile: the new nearshoring executives.

With industrial relocation came factories, million-dollar investments, and jobs. But it also brought a particular type of professional: international executives, repatriated Mexicans, managers of transnational companies with salaries in dollars and schedules that leave no room for conventional dating. In cities such as Monterrey, Querétaro, and Mexico City, this ecosystem has found a practical solution in dating platforms with agreements: having someone to enjoy free time with without the complications of traditional courtship.

The profile of the new executive

Between 2023 and 2025, more than 400 foreign companies set up shop in Mexico, attracted by its proximity to the United States and the advantages of the USMCA. Tesla in Nuevo León, Foxconn in several states, dozens of Asian and European automotive suppliers. Each plant brought with it management teams: German engineers, Korean managers, American consultants, Mexicans who returned after years of working abroad.

The profile is recognizable: men between the ages of 40 and 55, with incomes exceeding 150,000 pesos per month—many are paid in dollars—weeks divided between industrial plants, corporate offices, and airport lounges. They live in San Pedro Garza García, in subdivisions in Querétaro, or in apartments in Santa Fe and Lomas, but they spend more time in meetings than at home.

"I arrived from Germany two years ago to supervise the operation of an assembly plant. I don't know anyone outside of work. My colleagues have families, my friends are in Europe. I don't want to spend my weekends alone watching Netflix," says a 47-year-old plant manager. His case is common: high-level professionals with limited social lives and resources to invest in quality company.

A market that is growing with foreign investment

Selective dating platforms in Mexico report annual growth of 22% over the last three years. It is no coincidence that the increase is concentrated in the cities that receive the most foreign investment. Monterrey leads with 35% more users since 2023, followed by Querétaro (28%) and the Bajío industrial corridor.

Mexico City has the highest absolute number—about 40% of the national total—with a strong presence in Polanco, Santa Fe, Condesa, and Roma: areas where corporations and executive residences are located. Guadalajara contributes another 12%, driven by its technological and university ecosystem.

Among the platforms operating in the Mexican market, Sugar Daddy Latam has positioned itself with a regional focus, a Spanish-language interface, and an understanding of local dynamics. Users appreciate being able to communicate in their own language—especially foreign executives who still struggle with Spanish—and having local support.

On the other side: university students and young professionals

The predominant female profile is between 21 and 28 years old. Many study at private universities: Tec de Monterrey, ITAM, Ibero, UDEM, Anáhuac. Others are young professionals in the early years of their careers. Motivations vary: to supplement tuition fees, finance rent, gain experience, and build networks in specific industries.

"I study industrial engineering. I'm interested in the automotive sector. On the platform, I met an operations director who explained how the supply chain works better than any class. He connected me with people and recommended me for an internship. In addition to outings and trips, it has opened doors for me," says a 23-year-old student in Monterrey.

The financial aspect is part of the deal, but it's not the only attraction. Many users highlight the access to networking and informal mentoring. "These are people who have built international careers and make decisions worth millions. Listening to them talk about business over dinner has taught me more than many graduate courses," says a 26-year-old finance graduate.

The Mexican context: stark contrasts

In a country with stark socioeconomic contrasts, these dynamics take on particular nuances. According to data from INEGI, the average income of a young professional is around 13,700 pesos per month, while renting in areas such as Roma or Del Valle costs between 15,000 and 20,000 pesos. Tuition fees at private universities can exceed 90,000 pesos per semester. For many, the numbers simply do not add up.

For some young people, access to certain spaces of consumption and culture is mediated by relationships that they could hardly sustain on their own. A dinner at Pujol or Quintonil costs what many earn in a week. A weekend in Los Cabos is equivalent to a month's salary. In this context, selective dating platforms function as a meeting point between economic realities that would otherwise never intersect.

Researchers at El Colegio de México have studied how the Mexican middle classes face growing aspirational pressure with limited resources. "There is a gap between consumption expectations and the real possibilities of achieving them. This generates unconventional social mobility dynamics," notes a recent study on youth and aspiration.

Instagram, TikTok, and lifestyle pressure

Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube have redefined expectations of success, consumption, and lifestyle. Constant exposure to luxury experiences—travel, restaurants, designer clothing—normalizes a level of consumption that is difficult for most young professionals to achieve. Influencers who showcase their trips to Tulum or their dinners in San Miguel de Allende generate aspirations that the job market cannot satisfy.

"My friends from college post photos in incredible places. Some come from wealthy families, others don't. At first, I wondered how they did it. Now I understand," says a 24-year-old user. The social pressure to project a certain lifestyle is a factor that several users recognize as part of their initial motivation for exploring these platforms.

This is not unique to Mexico, but here it takes on particular nuances. Researchers at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) have documented how social media amplifies the perceived gap between the aspirational lifestyle and the attainable one. "Constant exposure to images of premium consumption generates frustration in those who cannot access that level. Some look for shortcuts," notes a researcher at the Institute for Social Research.

The gender issue: different perceptions

The phenomenon does not escape the discussion on gender. While some defend these practices as agreements between adults who know what they want, others point out that women tend to bear greater social stigma. A man who participates in these platforms rarely faces judgment; a woman who does the same may be singled out.

"If my parents find out, they'll die. But they're not paying for my apartment or my car. I make my own decisions and accept the consequences," says a 25-year-old user. Discretion is practically universal among participants: few talk about the subject even with close friends.

Gender studies specialists at UNAM observe that these dynamics reflect broader tensions. "We live in a society that simultaneously hypersexualizes women and condemns them for exercising agency over their own sexuality and economic decisions. These platforms make that contradiction visible," says an academic who has studied the phenomenon.

How it works: from match to date

The process is straightforward. Users create profiles describing what they are looking for and what they offer. Men pay monthly memberships—between 800 and 2,500 pesos depending on the level of access—while women register for free. The model works as a filter: those who pay demonstrate seriousness and financial capacity.

The first step is usually a coffee or video call to check if there is chemistry. If it works, the agreement is defined: type of company, frequency, financial expectations. "Everything is discussed up front. No guessing intentions or discovering after three months that everyone wanted something different," explains a 52-year-old user.

Typical outings include dinners at restaurants such as Contramar, Rosetta, or Carmela y Sal in Mexico City; Pangea or La Nacional in Monterrey. Weekends in Valle de Guadalupe, San Miguel de Allende, or Tulum. Events at Zona Maco, the Cervantino Festival, or concerts at the National Auditorium. First-class experiences that are even better when shared.

Practical considerations

For those considering exploring these platforms, security specialists recommend basic precautions. Always meet for the first date in a public place: a hotel café, restaurant, or shopping mall. Tell someone you trust. Do not share your address or bank details during the first few interactions. Take the time to get to know the other person before agreeing to travel.

Defining clear expectations is essential. What kind of company are you looking for, how often, what are the limits? Direct communication—although it may feel uncomfortable at first—is the basis for these agreements to work for both parties.

Choosing reputable platforms is key. Review privacy policies—especially important for executives who handle sensitive information—read reviews from other users, and learn how to report inappropriate behavior.

A market that arrived with investment

Selective dating platforms are growing in Mexico at the same pace as nearshoring. This is no coincidence: they respond to the specific needs of a professional profile that industrial relocation has brought with it. Executives with resources and no social life find quality companionship; young people interested in experiences and contacts gain access to a world that would otherwise remain out of reach.

The phenomenon reflects broader transformations: in forms of socialization, in consumer expectations, in the tensions between aspiration and possibility that define much of contemporary Mexican youth. It is a space where exchanges that remain implicit in other contexts are openly negotiated.

It is not a model for everyone. It requires clarity about what one is looking for, the ability to set limits, and a certain dose of pragmatism. But for those who fit the profile—and in cities that are increasingly attracting new foreign investment—it offers something that traditional dating can hardly provide: transparency, efficiency, and access to first-rate experiences with consciously chosen company.

Document NFINCE0020260110em1a00760




CE Noticias Financieras English
Democrats warn Donald Trump: eventual intervention in Mexico would be disastrous

499 words
10 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

A group of 72 Democratic lawmakers in the House of Representatives warned that any unilateral military action by the United States in Mexico, without the consent of the Mexican government and without authorization from the U.S. Congress, would have "disastrous" consequences for bilateral cooperation, trade, and regional security.

In a letter sent to Secretary of State Marco Rubio, the congressmen , led by Gregory W. Meeks, Joaquin Castro, and Greg Stanton , rejected the Trump administration's threats to take military action on Mexican territory without legislative approval.

"Any unilateral military action by the United States within Mexico, without Mexico's consent, would destroy trust, annihilate cooperation with Mexican authorities, and make it more difficult to keep drugs out of the communities we represent," the lawmakers said in the document.

The warning comes a day after Trump said in an interview with Fox News that his administration would begin "attacking on the ground" the cartels, statements that, according to the congressmen, ignore constitutional limits on the use of force.

The signatories emphasized that Mexico is the United States' main trading partner and a key ally in security matters. They recalled that, under the presidency of Claudia Sheinbaum, Mexico has increased bilateral cooperation.

"Any unilateral action would violate Mexico's sovereignty and tarnish the new era of cooperation that the Mexican government has promoted," they said.

The letter also warns of the economic impact. U.S. foreign direct investment in Mexico exceeded $14.5 billion last year, and more than 1 million jobs in the United States are linked to cross-border trade. In total, more than 5 million jobs depend on trade between the two countries, they said.

On the issue of security, the congressmen highlighted recent advances achieved through binational cooperation, such as mass extraditions of alleged criminal leaders and the strengthening of actions against fentanyl trafficking.

Texas Congressman Henry Cuellar does not appear on the list of signatories opposing the Trump administration's military intervention in Mexico.

Sheinbaum: We are going to strengthen the relationship

MEXICO CITY.- Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum said yesterday that she will seek to "strengthen communication" with her U.S. counterpart, Donald Trump, who said he will "begin to attack by land" the Mexican cartels, which he accused of "killing 250,000 or 300,000 people" in his country each year.

"We are going to strengthen communication. I asked the secretary (of Foreign Affairs), Juan Ramón de la Fuente, to meet with the secretary of the State Department (Marco Rubio) if necessary. And if necessary, to speak with President Trump," the president said during her morning press conference from Acapulco, in the state of Guerrero.

The Mexican leader expressed surprise and recalled that U.S. officials have recently acknowledged bilateral cooperation.

"Two or three days ago, Secretary (Marco) Rubio himself spoke of the good coordination on security matters with Mexico that they have presented on several occasions," she said.

Document NFINCE0020260110em1a005kp




CE Noticias Financieras English
Carranza, the statesman who knew how to manage relations with the United States of America without fanfare.

3,025 words
10 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

These days, we hear intemperate voices demanding that we take up arms and/or wrap ourselves in the national flag because one of their associates who was even more corrupt than Maduro has been caught, or because they might come after some of their comrades. It would be advisable to recommend that these citizens calm down and take a look at history to see how a statesman should behave in the face of the never-easy relations with the United States. We are referring to the conduct observed in his time by one of the three figures who exercised command under that premise, that of statesman, Venustiano Carranza Garza. The other two were named Juárez García and Elías Calles Campuzano. 

We know that only you, kind reader, will take the time to review this writing, which is enough to take us back to those days that began when the earthly ambition of the Catholic curia and its creature Victoriano Huerta led the nation into a fratricidal struggle in the midst of which President Woodrow Wilson (1913-1921) sought to "save" us.

In that context, in April 1914, he sent U.S. troops to Veracruz. Given that, by then, Carranza Garza was leading the rebels, it was easy for Mr. Woodrow to propose that he support the invasion, and he did so through the special agent in Chihuahua, George C. Carothers, who asked Don Venustiano to support the invasion.

The Coahuila native responded that even though Huerta did not represent Mexico, the invasion violated national sovereignty. He invited Wilson to suspend hostilities, withdraw troops, and present complaints about the Tampico incident to the Constitutionalist government that he (Carranza) represented, which would be considered within a framework of justice and conciliation. Wilson did not respond, imposed an arms embargo on Huerta's forces, and instructed maritime customs officials not to interfere with shipments of rifles and ammunition destined for the Constitutionalists. Without resorting to threats, Carranza drew a line of respect.

But as there is never a shortage of opportunists, on April 25, 1914, the ambassadors to the U.S. government of Argentina, Rómulo Sebastián Naón, Brazil, Domicio da Gama, and Chile, Eduardo Suárez-Mújica, sent a communiqué to Secretary of State William J. Bryan, offering to mediate to resolve the conflict. The American thanked them for the gesture but pointed out that relations with the Mexican usurper were broken. In response, the peacemakers contacted the Spanish ambassador to Mexico, Juan Riaño y Gayangos, to act as an intermediary. Finally, through his foreign minister, José López Portillo y Rojas (grandfather of the person you remember), the felon named Huerta agreed to participate in the negotiations.

On May 18, 1914, in Niagara Falls, New York, negotiations began to seek an agreed transition in Mexico. The aforementioned ambassadors, U.S. representatives Judge Joseph Rucker Lamar and Frederick William Lehman, and Huerta supporters Emilio Rabasa Estebanell, Agustín Rodríguez, and Luis Elguero participated. Although he was invited to send delegates, Carranza declined to do so, even though he later appointed Luis Cabrera, José Vasconcelos (then the future Synarchist-Nazi was renting himself out to Carrancismo), and Fernando Iglesias Calderón as representatives, without them attending the negotiations. The most he would admit to was allowing his envoys to travel to Buffalo, New York, for talks. Finally, on June 24, one day after the Constitutionalist forces led by Villa defeated the Huertista army in Zacatecas, the negotiators reached an agreement.

This agreement stipulated that the evacuation of U.S. troops from Veracruz would be postponed. A provisional government would be appointed to declare an armistice and call elections. A commission would be created to repair the damage caused to foreigners. The four countries participating in the meeting would recognize the provisional government. The document was sent to Huerta's Congress on July 8, and seven days later, Huerta, with his army in tatters, had no choice but to resign and go into exile aboard the Ypiranga (the ship that three years earlier had transported President Díaz Mori, who had one reelection left, to leave in full glory, except that now it was carrying a full-time wretch). After that, Francisco Carvajal served as interim president and then transferred power, without conditions, to Carranza Garza, who was awaited in Mexico City by Álvaro Obregón Salido. After signing the Treaties of Teoloyucan with the Huerta supporter in charge of the Mexican capital, Eduardo Iturbide (a descendant of the Michoacán Creole who felt noble). Once again, Carranza acted to preserve national sovereignty without making a patriotic fuss.

In this context, he continued negotiations to get the uninvited visitors to leave Veracruz, which materialized on November 23, 1914. Carranza was not going to try to drive them out with gunfire; he knew full well that he did not have the resources to do so. It was pure pragmatism.

Those he was able to bring to order were the Convention forces led by Villa, whom Alvaro Obregón Salido, the only undefeated general of the Revolution, soundly defeated in Celaya on April 6 and 7, 1915, thus ending the myth of the Duranguense's military genius. This, it seems, did not clarify President Wilson's view of what was happening in Mexico. Therefore, on June 2, 1915, he issued an ultimatum in which he "demanded that Villa and Carranza reach an agreement to work together as quickly as possible for the relief and redemption of that desolate country. I feel it is my duty to inform you that if you cannot settle your differences and unite for this lofty purpose in a short period of time, this government will be forced to decide what means the United States should use to help Mexico save itself and its people." The last 46 words of the paragraph seem as if they were spoken yesterday.

Since he was now a shadow of his former self, the proposal sounded like music to Villa's ears, and he immediately accepted Wilson's proposal, but made it clear that the US had no right to intervene in Mexican affairs, and insisted that a way must be found to reunite with the Constitutionalists. 

They replied that he should address Carranza, who took several days to respond indirectly, arguing that he had been the target of "falsehoods and slander" spread by the "American scientific press," which had resulted in "false reports being presented to the governments of other countries, and in particular to the United States." His conclusion was very eloquent: "The Constitutionalist Government has been unable to rectify these reports, as it lacks the opportunities and means that come with established diplomatic relations between governments." There was no doubt about who had the credentials to govern the country.

During the following five months, the U.S. continued to analyze its recognition of Carranza's government. During that time, several people tried to lobby against it. Of course, the Mexican and U.S. curia did everything possible to prevent it. Others, such as the hero of the previous six-year term, Felipe Ángeles Ramírez, sought an audience with Wilson to be enthroned as the ruler of Mexico. He forgot that he was a remnant of Celaya and that he embodied no one but himself. He ended up being interviewed by a third-rate official in the State Department. For his part, Carranza, represented by his cousin, Eliseo Arredondo De la Garza, negotiated recognition without compromising Mexico's future. This shows that consanguinity is not an obstacle when accompanied by a full dose of brainpower.

Finally, on October 19, 1915, it was announced that Wilson recognized Carranza's de facto government. Once again, Carranza showed his stature as a statesman. Proof of this can be found in the content of the first interview he gave to the foreign press on November 11, 1915. The text was reproduced by the newspaper El Pueblo, published in the port of Veracruz. The conference took place in the Border Customs building in Piedras Negras, Coahuila. Carranza's words revealed his vision of the state and that it was not necessary to use the national flag as a cover to defend the country. Let's look at some passages from that conversation with foreign correspondents.

The statesman Carranza was certain that nothing could be achieved if the government did not have the resources to begin building the modern Mexican state. Thus, referring to government revenues, "he stated that during the reconstruction period, import and export duties would be leveled, with the intention of exempting certain items from all types of taxes, which would be determined by the government as soon as the amount of revenue was set and the annual budgets were calculated." There was no selling false hopes; it was necessary to know how much was available in order to establish policies.

When asked if privileges would be offered to those from abroad who were willing to invest in Mexico, the answer was concise: "Yes, gentlemen, we will invite foreign capital, but without commitments, onerous privileges, or burdensome conditions for the nation." Without much fuss, he accepted that foreign capital was necessary as long as it was within the framework of existing laws. There was no argument that the arrival of foreign investment would tarnish the sacrosanct national honor; that was left to the demagogues, and Carranza Garza was a statesman, not an aspiring petty leader. Nor was he against receiving foreigners who wished to settle in our country.

In this regard, he made it very clear "that the Reform Laws remained in force and that guarantees would be given to all foreigners and that all persons applying to settle in the republic would be subject to immigration laws that exclude harmful foreigners, sick persons, etc." But he did not stop there on the subject of immigrants. When asked if "his government would offer special incentives to day laborers from abroad, he replied emphatically: No, gentlemen, the new government considers it one of its first and foremost duties to help national day laborers in every way possible." What words full of pragmatism and relevance! First, we must concern ourselves with enlightening those at home and not try to appear as street lamps. In today's world, the politically correct would already have him on the edge of the pyre, but the man from Coahuila was in the process of creating a modern state.

Knowing that several Mexicans hostile to progress were there, Carranza stated: "Many enemies of the Constitutionalist government currently reside in the United States, fighting to predispose the American people against the government I preside over." He was referring to James Cardinal Gibbons and the Mexican curia, who sought President Wilson's help in turning back the clock of history in Mexico. And don't think that, as has already happened to us, they will label us as apostates. Everything we say is based on hard facts. Other conspirators were members of the National Catholic Party, based in San Antonio, Texas, notably Federico Gamboa and Toribio Esquivel Obregón, future founder of the PAN, who, in association with scientists, had a couple of candidates to replace Carranza. One was Huerta, recently returned from Europe with German resources. The other was Felipe Ángeles Ramírez, whom they had always viewed favorably. But those were long-range shots, and in the meantime, the conspirators entertained themselves with rehearsals. In this regard, Carranza pointed out that it was a matter of "making the Mexican government appear to be the instigator of the unrest that began in the Brownsville region." He was referring to the events that, under the protection of the San Diego Plan, named after the Texas town where it originated, a couple of individuals, Aniceto Pizana and Luis de la Rosa, took it upon themselves to commit atrocities, while claiming to be supported by Carranza's forces, even though they were nothing more than servants of Huerta, as another person involved, Basilio Ramos, declared. To make things clear, Carranza assured that "as long as I am in government, I will never allow the national territory to serve as a hideout for these criminals, as I am committed to respecting neutrality..." So, straight up, no supporting so-and-so, from the good people? who would like to sell themselves as lovers of the country in order to attack the US. 

When Villa had ceased to be the armed wing of the Revolution and returned to his status as an outlaw, full of resentment against Carranza, he decided to send his boys, while he remained on this side, to cross the line and attack Columbus, New Mexico, on March 9, 1916. His goal was to create an international problem for the Coahuila native, and, without caring that a hundred of his Dorados lost their lives in the raid, he succeeded. Once again, we had uninvited visitors via the Punitive Expedition, and there the statesman Carranza had to maneuver so that they would not go beyond the territory where they were looking for Villa. They failed and ended up leaving. Meanwhile, Carranza continued to try to rebuild the country and navigate difficult situations.

One of these arose when Carranza did not immediately reject the proposal contained in the Zimmerman Telegram issued in early 1917, inviting him to join the German cause and declare war on the United States. In exchange, Mexico would recover the territory of New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas. The Coahuila native was not fooled, but he was aware that he could use it without getting his hands dirty, and so he did.

Another brilliant chapter in foreign affairs was the so-called Carranza Doctrine, which underpinned Mexican diplomacy for the rest of the 20th century under the premise of respect for the self-determination of peoples. In this regard, we recommend the book "La Doctrina Carranza" (INHERM 2018) by Rosa Isabel Gaytán Guzmán.

Even though some accused him of being anti-American, they forgot that the men of the north knew their neighbors and acted without fear, knowing how to deal with them. Carranza never failed to recognize that north of the Rio Grande there were experts in economic affairs who could help him rebuild the nation. He did not hesitate to hire a couple. One was Edwin Walter Kemmerer, internationally known as "The Money Doctor," who was an economist well versed in financial and monetary policy. He had served as a financial advisor to several governments, mainly in Latin America, and spent most of his academic life at Princeton University. Kemmerer's role in Mexico was to reorganize the banking and monetary systems. The other was Columbia University professor Alfred DuPont Chandler Sr., who worked as a fiscal policy advisor during his stay in Mexico. A statesman turns to real experts regardless of their nationality; chauvinism is for small-time leaders.

Recognizing that the future of the modern Mexican state would require trained professionals, the Mexican statesman did not hesitate to send a large number of young Mexicans to study in the United States. He foresaw that the future would come from there and that the level of education in that country was superior to ours. Pure pragmatism. 

While Carranza continued his efforts to implement the design of the modern Mexican state, as set out in the Political Constitution of the United Mexican States of 1917, there were those in the United States who were determined to prevent this from happening. One of them was the Republican senator for New Mexico, Albert Bacon Fall, who decided that it was necessary to put Mexico and its president in the dock. At that moment, Carranza Garza showed his stature as a statesman and sent to hell those who, without authority, wanted to judge him on the grounds of extraterritorial rights. (The U.S. Senate tries Mexico and President Carranza. INHERM 2017. Rodolfo Villarreal Ríos https://www.inehrm.gob.mx/recursos/Libros/El_senado_estadounindense.pdf )

By then, Carranza was determined that his successor should be the Mexican ambassador to Washington, Ignacio Bonilla Fraijo, an engineer who had graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) but was little known in Mexico. However, his most gifted protégés, the Sonoran trio, did not agree, and this ended in the assassination of the Mexican statesman who had designed the modern Mexican state.

That ending in no way detracts from the actions of statesman Venustiano Carranza Garza, who knew how to conduct relations with the United States without compromising national sovereignty, thereby providing invaluable lessons that would be highly recommended for those who are in a hurry today to review, of course, if they were able to take a moment for reflection.

Added (02.26.03) We do not recall them being as indignant about the presence of China, Russia, and Iran in South America and the Caribbean as they are now about the US intervention in Venezuela. Could it be that the former were distributing "blessings" and the latter are not?

Added (02.26.04) We'll see if in a couple of months the so-called Putrefacto appears as cocky as he did at the initial hearing. Sixty days in the shade will calm his bravado.

Added (02.26.05) Regardless of the opinion of short-termists, the best thing that could have happened to the Venezuelan opposition was that their leader was not put in charge of the transition process. 

Added (2/26/06) Former guerrilla Petro has run out of steam. Therefore, before suffering a fate similar to that of his neighbor, Putrefacto, he folded his hands and contritely asked for an audience to confess. As proof of his redemption, he will sign, wherever requested, that his presidential candidate will be defeated at the polls. Will this be enough to achieve absolution, or is the sentence already prepared for him?Last Rites? 

Added (26.02.07) Those who peddle the Bolivarian dream should be reminded that Don Simón envisioned a great united America which he would rule with European support. What would we call that: a monarchy, a dictatorship, or colonialism in disguise?

Document NFINCE0020260110em1a0040t




Holcim Beteiligungs GmbH (Deutschland); Hamburg

159,443 words
9 January 2026
Bundesanzeiger Jahresabschluss-Veröffentlichungen
JAHREV
German
Copyright 2026. Validatis GmbH. 

Troplowitzstraße 5

22529

Hamburg

Deutschland

Holcim Beteiligungs GmbH (Deutschland)

Hamburg

Befreiender Konzernabschluss zum Geschäftsjahr vom 01.01.2024 bis zum 31.12.2024

Holcim Ltd

Zug/Schweiz

2024 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

INTRODUCTION

In 2024, Holcim delivered record performance and for the first time generated more than CHF 5 billion of Recurring EBIT.

RECORD RESULTS 

 26.4             5.0                          19.1%                   5.70
 Net sales        Recurring EBIT               Recurring EBIT margin   Earnings per share1
 CHF BN           CHF BN                                               CHF
 3.8              11.2%                        1.2×                    4%
 Free Cash Flow   Return on Invested Capital   Leverage ratio          Reduction in CO2/net sales2
 CHF BN                                                               


1 Before impairment and divestments.

2 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023. 

    DELIVERING RECORD PERFORMANCE   ACHIEVING PROFITABLE GROWTH ACROSS MARKETS   LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY
    ? P18                           ? P36                                        ? P50


Art. 964b SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS

? Read more on pages 410-411

CLIMATE REPORT 2024

Holcim’s Climate Report 2024 is fully integrated in its Annual Report 2024, due to our commitment to transparency and environmental responsibility.

? Learn more on page 62

STRATEGIC REVIEW

RECORD RESULTS IN 2024

Holcim delivered record results in 2024 and for the first time generated more than CHF 5 billion of Recurring EBIT in challenging market conditions. 

 DELIVERING RECORD PERFORMANCE   PROFITABLE GROWTH ACROSS MARKETS    LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY
 NET SALES                       EPS1                                CIRCULAR CONSTRUCTION
 CHF                             CHF                                 +20%
 26.4BN                          5.70                                Recycling of construction demolition materials2
 2023: CHF 27.0BN                2023: 5.42                         
 RECURRING                       FREE CASH                           CCUS PROJECTS
 EBIT CHF                        FLOW CHF                            7
 5.0BN                           3.8BN                               CCUS projects in execution
 2023: CHF 4.8BN                 2023: CHF 3.7BN                    
 RECURRING EBIT                  RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL (ROIC)   CO2 REDUCTION
 MARGIN                          11.2%                               4%
 19.1%                           2023: 10.6%                         CO2/net sales3
 2023: 17.6%                                                        


1 Before impairment and divestments.

2 Compared to 2023.

3 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023.

HOLCIM’S RESULTS IN 2024 

 RECURRING EBIT CHF      RECURRING EBIT MARGIN %
 5.0BN                   19.1%
 +10.5% organic growth   +150 bps
 FREE CASH FLOW CHF      ROIC %
 CASH CONVERSION %       11.2%
 3.8BN                   +60 bps
 Cash conversion 57%    
 EPS1 CHF                DIVIDEND PER SHARE CHF
 5.70                    3.10
 +5.3% EPS growth        +10.7% Dividend payout per share growth


1 Before impairment and divestments.

2 Before resolution with the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ).

3 Based on proposed dividend per share for 2024.

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

2024 was a successful and momentous year for Holcim, as we delivered record performance ahead of the planned spin-off of our North American business.

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to share our 2024 results with you, and to congratulate all our 65,000 Holcim colleagues on their dedication, talent and winning spirit. They delivered record performance across our regions in challenging market conditions, a truly impressive achievement.

Successful strategy execution

2024 was a successful year for Holcim in terms of business performance, results and shareholder value creation. This is a result of the transformation of Holcim and the disciplined execution of our strategy. Our resilient business model is based on partnering with our customers and offering them the most advanced building solutions. We are also focusing on the most attractive construction markets, investing in innovation and decarbonization, expanding Solutions & Products, disciplined value-accretive M&A, and, most importantly, Holcim’s culture of empowered, decentralized leadership.

“I congratulate all my Holcim colleagues. With their dedication, talent and winning spirit they delivered record performance.”

Planned listing of our North American business

In January 2024, we announced our intent to list our North American business with a full capital market separation. We will create two distinct champions with stronger individual strategic priorities to unlock value for all stakeholders. The listing is planned by way of a 100% spin-off to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, with an additional listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange to accommodate our European investors. The spin-off is subject to shareholder approval at Holcim’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 14 May 2025 and customary approvals.

CEO transition

In May 2024, I handed over the CEO role to Miljan Gutovic, following his appointment by the Board as my successor. Miljan has played an instrumental role in Holcim’s transformation and has strengthened our business, closing strategic transactions and building winning teams. The handover was seamless, and Miljan did an exceptional job in 2024, as Holcim delivered record results, achieved profitable growth across our markets, and accelerated its leadership in sustainability.

Governance

A strong Board of Directors, representing the interests of shareholders and all other stakeholders is my top priority. In 2024, we strengthened our Board by adding Catrin Hinkel and Michael McGarry, two new, highly skilled and experienced Board members.

Since the Board has appointed me as the designated Chairman and CEO of the planned North American company, I will not stand for re-election at our AGM.

In Kim Fausing, the Board has proposed a remarkable leader to continue Holcim’s success story as the Chairman of the Board. Kim is the highly accomplished CEO of Danfoss, a global technology leader, and has extensive knowledge of Holcim, having served with distinction as a Board member for the past five years.

After 12 years on the Board, Hanne Sørensen will not stand for re-election at this year’s AGM. Hanne was entrusted by the Board with the role of Vice-Chairwoman. She also chaired the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee and, as the Board’s Lead Independent Director, ensured strong independent checks and balances.

Jürg Oleas has been appointed to serve on the Board of the planned North American company, where he will add great value thanks to his long-standing experience as a Holcim Board member. This means he will also not stand for re-election at the AGM. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank both Hanne and Jürg for their dedicated service and their outstanding accomplishments.

To strengthen the Holcim Board of Directors, two new nominees will be recommended for election at this year’s AGM: Adolfo Orive, President and Chief Executive Officer of Tetra Pak, and Sven Schneider, Chief Financial Officer of Infineon. Both nominees are highly experienced executives from engineering and technology-driven industries, whose expertise will help propel Holcim’s next era of growth.

Proposed increase in dividend

On the basis of Holcim’s record performance in 2024 combined with a positive outlook for 2025, the Board is pleased to propose a dividend increase of 11% to CHF 3.10 per share at the Annual General Meeting.

Thank you for your trust

As you read this report, my last as Holcim Chairman, I hope that our achievements in 2024 will inspire you as they have me. Holcim is well positioned for the future, and I hope you share my excitement at what is to come.

Sincerely

JAN JENISCH, Chairman

3.10

Proposed dividend per share

CHF

INTERVIEW WITH OUR CEO MILJAN GUTOVIC

Holcim delivered another year of record results in 2024, with growth and value creation across all market conditions and economic cycles.

What were your 2024 highlights?

Most importantly, Holcim delivered another year of record results in 2024. With our track record of growth and value creation across all market conditions and economic cycles, our resilient business model allowed us to deliver a superior earnings profile and industry-leading margins - as we executed on our strategic priorities.

Continuing our value creation for customers and shareholders, we grew in the most attractive markets with strong growth drivers and margins led by our sustainable building solutions, for which demand continues to grow.

On a personal note, it was a privilege and an honor for me to succeed Jan Jenisch as CEO of Holcim in May. There’s never been a more exciting time for our sector, and in 2024 I was proud to lead our company, working with teams around the world to advance Holcim’s leadership.

What were the drivers of Holcim’s success in 2024?

Meeting our customers’ most advanced needs, we continued to scale our sustainable building solutions - from ECOPact and ECOPlanet to Elevate. These are multi-billion Swiss franc brands with premium margins. Again, 2024 proved that decarbonization - along with circularity - is a driver of profitable growth for Holcim. Other key drivers underpinning our record performance were value-accretive M&A, fast-paced innovation and our empowered leadership with its strong performance culture.

? Our record performance drivers.

Read more on page 19 

 RECORD PERFORMANCE IN 2024                   
 26.4BN                       5.0BN            19.1%
 Net Sales                    Recurring EBIT   Recurring EBIT margin
 CHF                          CHF             
 5.70                         3.8BN            4%
 Earnings per share1          Free Cash Flow   Reduction in CO2/net sales2
 CHF                          CHF             


1 Before impairment and divestments.

2 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023.

How did Holcim’s segments perform?

North America reached a new level of profitability thanks to strong market fundamentals, with continued federal and state investment programs, reindustrialization and reshoring. Latin America achieved the highest Recurring EBIT margin of our segments, with strong cash generation and excellent growth potential due to population growth, urbanization, government investments and nearshoring. In Europe, sustainability through decarbonization and circularity drove profitable growth, with demand underpinned by the need for key infrastructure projects. In Asia, Middle East & Africa, we delivered strong value creation, margin expansion and shareholder value in attractive markets. Solutions & Products reported the strongest net sales growth of all our segments, driven by roofing systems and continued expansion in the most attractive segments.

How is Holcim leading in sustainability?

Global megatrends, including a rapidly growing and urbanizing population, climate change and resource pressures, are driving demand for resilient buildings and infrastructure that use our sustainable building solutions. Regulations are also developing to support this trend - in Europe and, increasingly, in Latin America and Asia, Middle East & Africa.

In Europe, for example, our margin expansion was driven by our high-value strategy and our advanced branded solutions. We have a wide range of levers to reduce our environmental footprint and positively impact our cost base - from low-carbon formulation to alternative raw materials and fuels.

What is your message to Holcim employees?

Thank you for an exceptional year. Everything we accomplish at Holcim is because of our commitment to Purpose, People and Performance. This is our Holcim Spirit, and I was incredibly proud to see this in action and to work alongside you.

Together, let’s remain focused on ensuring that Holcim is the best workplace, where talent is nurtured, diversity is celebrated, and health and safety is our top priority. On this topic, I would like to say how much I appreciate your essential work to further strengthen our performance in 2024, as we continuously strive to reach our goal of zero harm. Let’s stay healthy and stay safe.

As a result of all your achievements, Holcim is stronger than ever and well prepared for the future. 2025 will be another exciting year for us as we enter our new era of growth. Let’s continue driving sustainable growth with integrity in 2025, with every one of us working to create value for all our stakeholders.

• Watch our 2024 highlights video

PLANNED SPIN-OFF OF HOLCIM’S NORTH AMERICAN BUSINESS

The planned spin-off of Holcim’s North American business is expected to occur by the end of the first half 2025.

In January 2024, we announced our intent to list our North American business in the U.S.

This process will create the largest building solutions company focused exclusively on the North American market, offering customers a broad range of building solutions from foundation to rooftop.

Holcim post U.S. listing of North America will further advance its leadership in innovative and sustainable building solutions. With decarbonization and circular construction as drivers of profitable growth, the company will continue to deliver industry-leading margins and superior value to shareholders.

The full capital market separation of the North American business is expected to occur in the first half of 2025. This is planned by way of a 100% spin-off to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, with an additional listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange to accommodate European investors.

The planned spin-off is subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2025, as well as customary approvals.

“With the planned listing of our North American business, we will create two distinct champions with stronger individual strategic priorities to unlock value for all stakeholders.”

JAN JENISCH, Holcim Chairman and designated Chairman and CEO for the planned North American company

• Spin-off information

SPIN-OFF TIMELINE

28 January 2024

Holcim announces intent to list North American business in the U.S.

6 December 2024

Holcim announces planned listing on the NYSE, with additional listing on SIX.

10 January 2025

Holcim designates Board and Chairman and CEO for planned North America company.

21 February 2025

Announcement of Amrize as the name for the planned North American company.

28 February 2025

Public filing of SEC Form 10 for the planned North American company.

25 March 2025

Investor Day for Amrize in New York.

28 March 2025

Investor Day for Holcim in Zurich.

14 May 2025

Holcim Annual General Meeting 2025 with shareholders vote on the planned spin-off.

END OF THE FIRST HALF1

Completion of spin-off and first day of trading.

1 Subject to shareholder approval.

HOLCIM

Based in Zug, Switzerland, Holcim will drive profitable growth, further advancing its leadership in innovative and sustainable building solutions.

Building on its superior financial performance, Holcim will accelerate its leadership in decarbonization and circularity as drivers of profitable growth.

Continued portfolio transformation with disciplined value-accretive transactions, including expanding in Solutions & Products and focusing on advanced mortars and insulation for repair and refurbishment.

The company will strengthen its ability to maximize value creation with a well-balanced footprint and leading market positions across Europe, Latin America and Asia, Middle East & Africa. It will deliver industry-leading margins, cash generation and attractive shareholder returns through dividends and share buybacks - offering a compelling investment profile.

AMRIZE

With operational headquarters in Chicago, Amrize will be the largest building solutions company focused exclusively on the North American market.

With more than 1,000 sites and facilities, the business is a leader in advanced roofing systems, the number one player in cement, and strongly positioned in aggregates and ready-mix.

Building on our operating footprint, Amrize is positioned to capitalize on the strong commercial and residential construction spend and infrastructure investments across North America.

The listed company will pursue growth-focused capital allocation priorities and a U.S. dollar-based tailored capital structure, creating a distinct and compelling investment profile.

OUR LEADERSHIP TEAM

Holcim’s leadership team is dedicated to creating value for all our stakeholders.

CARMEN DIAZ

Chief People Officer

NOLLAIG FORREST

Chief Sustainability Officer

MILJAN GUTOVIC

Chief Executive Officer

JAMIE M. GENTOSO

Global Head Solutions & Products Business Unit

OLIVER OSSWALD

Region Head Latin America

VIRGINIE DARBO

Group Head of M&A and Head of Finance Europe

JAIME HILL

Region Head North America

SIMON KRONENBERG

Region Head Central and East Europe

LUKAS STUDER

Group General Counsel

STEFFEN KINDLER

Chief Financial Officer

DRAGAN MAKSIMOVIC

Region Head West Europe

ALFONSO PARADINAS

Chief Marketing Officer

MARTIN KRIEGNER

Region Head Asia, Middle East & Africa

RAM MUTHU

Head of Operational Excellence and Group Strategy

Learn more about our Executive Committee

? See page 162

HOLCIM AT A GLANCE

Partnering with our customers, we build progress with our sustainable building solutions.

BUILDING PROGRESS

Holcim is a global leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions, with 65,000 employees driven by our purpose to build progress for people and the planet.

Global megatrends - from a growing, urbanizing world population to climate and resource pressures, as well as the desire for better living standards - are driving demand for our advanced branded solutions.

Partnering with our customers, we offer them everything from sustainable building materials, such as ECOPact and ECOPlanet, to our ECOCycle® circularity technology, and Elevate’s advanced roofing and insulation systems.

Holcim supports our customers with its advanced branded solutions to deliver major construction projects - from residential and commercial to key infrastructure - in over 50 markets across the world.

WHAT WE OFFER

SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS

With our advanced roofing, insulation and specialty building solutions, we focus on making buildings more energy-efficient, resilient and long-lasting.

AGGREGATES

Holcim’s global range of aggregates - from sustainably sourced materials to recycled construction demolition materials - meet all project needs.

CONCRETE

ECOPact concrete delivers 100% performance offering at least 30% lower CO2 emissions compared to standard (CEM I) concrete without offsets.

CEMENT

ECOPlanet cement delivers 100% performance starting at 30% lower CO2 emissions, and is available in 34 markets across the world.

• Read more about Holcim’s sustainable building solutions online 

 65,000   50+
 People   Markets


GLOBAL MEGATRENDS

CLIMATE AND NATURAL RESOURCES

Climate change and pressure on primary materials is driving demand for sustainable building solutions worldwide.

POPULATION GROWTH

The global population is expected to reach 9.7 billion by 20501 , pushing up demand for housing and infrastructure.

BETTER LIVING STANDARDS

People are demanding better living standards to improve their quality of life, which means we need more efficient housing and infrastructure.

URBANIZATION AND MEGACITIES

With 2.5 billion more of us expected to live in cities by 20502 , concrete enables essential urban infrastructure.

INNOVATION-DRIVEN BUILDING

Holcim is driving cutting-edge innovation to make construction circular, resilient, low-carbon, energy-efficient and smart.

REPAIR AND REFURBISHMENT

Since an estimated 80% of today’s buildings will still be in use by 20503 , repair and refurbishment is a major trend. 

 9.7BN                       6.7BN                       80%
 World population by 20501   Urban population by 20502   of world’s building stock will still be in use in 20503


1 United Nations population data.

2 World Urbanization Prospects 2018 report, United Nations.

3 Accelerating the Decarbonization of Buildings, World Economic Forum briefing paper, 2022.

WHY INVEST IN HOLCIM

Thanks to its record performance driven by profitable growth in the most attractive markets, Holcim consistently generates above-market returns for its shareholders.

ATTRACTIVE MARKETS

Accelerating growth with our advanced branded solutions.

+12.4% of Recurring EBIT organic growth in North America.

+9.3% of Recurring EBIT organic growth in Latin America.

+11.3% of Recurring EBIT organic growth in Europe.

+13.5% of Recurring EBIT organic growth in Asia, Middle East & Africa.

+14.3% of Recurring EBIT organic growth in Solutions & Products.

10.5%

Recurring EBIT organic growth

HIGH-VALUE SOLUTIONS

Our portfolio of innovative and sustainable building solutions is driving profitable growth.

Through our high-value strategy, we offer customers brands from ECOPact and ECOPlanet, to Elevate and ECOCycle®.

We continued to expand in Solutions & Products with four acquisitions - including OX Engineered Products, ZinCo and Tensolite - while furthering our leadership in advanced roofing systems in North America.

Holcim is driving cutting-edge innovation for our customers - from 3D printing to artificial intelligence - while innovating with leading startups.

36%

of net sales from advanced branded solutions

LEADER IN SUSTAINABILITY

Circular, resilient, low-carbon, energy-efficient and smart solutions for a net-zero future.

We lead in our industry with a clearly defined net-zero roadmap. Holcim’s 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets are validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for all scopes.

Our innovative, sustainable solutions include multi-billion Swiss franc brands delivering premium margins.

With our formulation expertise, decarbonized energy sources and advanced technologies, including carbon capture, we are working to achieve net zero by 2050.

4%

Reduction in CO2/net sales1

1 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023.

EMPOWERED LEADERSHIP

Holcim’s record performance is driven by empowered leadership with a strong performance culture.

Deeply embedded performance culture with more than 500 profit and loss (P&L) leaders empowered for customer-centric decision making.

Transparent and accountable performance management with a focus on Group targets.

Well-established Business School - from early career to leadership development - with 85% internal promotion rate across Senior Leaders.

500+

Empowered P&L leaders

SUPERIOR EARNINGS

We have the strongest earnings profile in our sector with industry-leading margins and Free Cash Flow generation.

Holcim’s resilient business model has delivered in all market conditions and economic cycles.

Industry-leading Recurring EBIT margin at 19.1% in 2024.

CHF 3.8 billion in Free Cash Flow (FCF), the sixth successive year we have generated over CHF 3 billion1 , to achieve an industry-leading cash conversion of 57%.

3.8BN

Free Cash Flow

CHF

SHAREHOLDER VALUE

Above-market returns and value creation with profitable growth, industry-leading margins and strong cash flow.

Attractive shareholder returns: CHF 11.4 billion in cash returned to shareholders since 2018 via dividends and two share buybacks.

Strong balance sheet allows for CapEx, value-accretive acquisitions and divestments, and shareholder cash returns.

Planned listing of Holcim’s North American business to unlock new value.

12%

Compound annual growth rate in dividends since 2020

1 For 2022, Free Cash Flow before resolution with U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ).

CREATING VALUE FOR ALL

We work to create value for all - from our customers and shareholders to people, communities and the planet.

CUSTOMERS

We bring customers added value with our sustainable, circular, resilient, energy-efficient and smart building solutions.

Supporting our customers to realize their projects with our innovative and sustainable building solutions - delivered seamlessly through our HOLCIM+ digital ecosystem.

We cover the full value chain - from aggregates, cement and ready-mix to advanced roofing, insulation and specialty building solutions.

Working closely with our customers, we support them in achieving their ambitious technical and sustainability goals.

710

New products launched in 2024

PEOPLE

Creating the best workplace, where talent is nurtured, diversity is celebrated and health and safety is our priority.

We promote diversity and nurture talent across our organization - from early career to senior leader level.

By increasing the resources available for our people to grow - from Holcim University and development assignments, to collaborative learning and career growth - we ensure everyone can thrive.

We run employee surveys for our 65,000 people worldwide, and emphasize continuous learning to enable them to realize their potential and accelerate sustainable growth.

85%

Internal promotion across senior leadership

PLANET

Taking a rigorous, science-driven approach to climate and nature, we execute on our 1.5°C-aligned targets at speed and scale.

Holcim is becoming a net-zero company with 1.5°C targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We are working to make building sustainable.

We contribute to a nature-positive future through our science-based approach, focused on restoring and preserving biodiversity and freshwater ecosystems, while bringing more nature into cities.

We have been named by the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) as one of only three companies globally to adopt science-based targets for nature.

534M

Green CapEx invested

CHF

COMMUNITIES

We are committed to upholding and promoting human rights, while fostering positive social impact in the communities where we operate.

We embed human rights across our businesses and with our partners and suppliers.

We empower communities and improve their well-being through local partnerships.

To build more affordable, resilient housing, we partner with organizations including Habitat for Humanity and Build Change, and run our Houses of Tomorrow project in seven countries. The Essential Homes Research Project, with the Norman Foster Foundation, works to make sustainable building possible for all.

150+M

Contribution to social initiatives since 2020 CHF

SHAREHOLDERS

We continue to deliver superior returns for Holcim shareholders in 2024.

Led by superior returns, growth and leading technology and sustainability, we sharpened our footprint in the most attractive markets.

An industry-leading Recurring EBIT margin in 2024 demonstrated our resilient business model.

Our strong balance sheet allows for CapEx, value-accretive M&A and shareholder cash returns.

Holcim is financially strong with debt leverage of 1.2× and a strong investment grade credit rating of BBB+/Baa1.

3.10

Proposed dividend per share

CHF

OUR MATERIAL IMPACTS AND PRIORITIES

Materiality provides an essential means by which we determine our approach to building long-term value for all stakeholders.

? Read more on page 196

RECORD PERFORMANCE

In 2024, Holcim delivered superior performance with profitable growth across all market conditions and economic cycles.

Achieving strong results in 2024

Holcim delivered record performance in 2024 thanks to our resilient business model. We scaled our sustainable building solutions - from ECOPact and ECOPlanet to Elevate - to meet our customers’ most advanced needs, and invested in value-accretive M&A. Other key profitability drivers are our innovation engine and empowered leadership with a strong performance culture.

“Holcim’s strong results show the resilience of our business model across all market conditions and economic cycles.”

MILJAN GUTOVIC, Chief Executive Officer

DELIVERING ON OUR STRATEGY

By focusing on the three strategic levers of our Strategy 2025, Holcim achieved record performance in 2024.

ACCELERATING GROWTH

With broad-based growth across markets we delivered leading profitability and cash flow.

Holcim achieved a superior earnings profile in the full year, with broad-based growth drivers and our resilient business model delivering record Recurring EBIT and Recurring EBIT margin.

Outstanding performance was driven by a strict focus on strategic priorities and impeccable execution from Holcim’s 65,000 employees.

Our high-value strategy with sustainable building solutions continues to deliver industry-leading performance.

Holcim’s disciplined M&A execution, which is a key contributor to our growth trajectory, continued in 2024 with 22 value-accretive acquisitions.

5.0BN

Recurring EBIT

CHF

EXPANDING SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS

We continued to expand Solutions & Products both organically and through M&A.

Roofing delivered profitable growth in the USD 40 billion North American roofing market, driven by resilient demand.

We expanded our range of integrated solutions and systems - acquiring OX Engineered Products in the U.S., ZinCo in Germany and Tensolite in Argentina.

Elevate opened a 60,000m2 manufacturing and distribution center in Salt Lake City to service Canada and the Western U.S.

Malarkey Roofing Products broke ground on a new 35,000m2 facility in Franklin, Indiana, to produce sustainable residential roofing shingles.

? Solutions & Products. Read more on page 46

5.9BN

Net sales from Solutions & Products CHF

LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY

We continued to deliver on our net-zero targets while driving innovation in construction.

Making circularity a driver of profitable growth, we recycled 10.2 million tons of construction demolition materials in 2024, or over 2,000 truckloads every working day.

We broke ground on two large-scale carbon capture projects, and were selected for an additional European Union Innovation Fund grant - taking the number of our supported projects to seven.

Advancing circularity and decarbonization as drivers of profitable growth, Holcim reduced CO2 per net sales by 4% in 20241.

We developed innovations to decarbonize building - from powering smart operations with artificial intelligence and 3D printing to technology that turns concrete into a carbon sink.

? Leading in Sustainability. Read more on page 50

4%

Reduction in CO2/ net sales

RECORD PERFORMANCE

Delivering on our three strategic levers, we continued to achieve record performance in 2024, focusing on these six pillars:

? Growing multi-billion brands

From ECOPact and ECOPlanet to Elevate.

See page 22.

? Decarbonization

As a driver of profitable growth.

See page 24.

? Circular construction

As a driver of profitable growth.

See page 26.

? Value-accretive M&A

In the most attractive markets and segments.

See page 28.

? Fast-paced innovation

Thanks to our R&D organization and work with

startups. See page 30.

? Empowered leadership

With a strong performance culture.

See page 34.

1 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023.

GROWING MULTI-BILLION BRANDS

Holcim generated 36% of net sales from advanced branded solutions in 2024 - from ECOPact to Elevate.

ECOPLANET

Flagship sustainable brand with 26% of Holcim cement net sales.

The world needs to build, and ECOPlanet is meeting this demand as the backbone of sustainable construction in 34 markets worldwide.

ECOPlanet delivers 100% performance starting at 30% lower CO2 emissions compared to ordinary (CEM I/OPC) cement.

Holcim uses innovative raw materials including calcined clay and recycled construction demolition materials, as well as alternative fuels, to reduce ECOPlanet’s carbon footprint.

3+BN

Net sales ECOPlanet CHF

ECOPACT

Flagship sustainable brand - 29% of ready-mix net sales.

Our flagship concrete brand ECOPact represents 29% of net sales in our ready-mix business across 30 markets.

DYNAMax is Holcim’s ultimate high-performance concrete, offering high strength, durability, superior rigidity and a reduced carbon footprint.

Water-permeable Hydromedia concrete allows water to recharge ground soil, and TectorPrint, our proprietary 3D concrete printed ink, reduces material use by up to 50%.

1.5+BN

Net sales ECOPact CHF

ECOCYCLE®

ECOCycle® enables us to scale circular construction worldwide.

Our ECOCycle® circular technology enables Holcim to recycle construction demolition materials (CDM) into sustainable building solutions - to build new from old.

With over 150 recycling centers globally, we recycled 10.2 million tons of CDM in 2024 (+20% compared to 2023).

Circular construction preserves primary materials and reduces waste and costs. We are scaling ECOCycle® both organically and through M&A.

+20%

Recycled CDM increase in 2024

FUERTE AND APASCO

Holcim’s flagship cement ranges in Latin America.

Offer a carbon footprint that is at least 30% lower versus ordinary Portland cement.

Supplied in the broadest ranges, the cements are designed for concrete, mortar and all types of construction.

Fuerte and Apasco provide excellent mechanical resistance, improved workability of mixtures and reduced segregation and exudation.

1+BN

Net sales Fuerte + Apasco1 CHF

ONECEM

Holcim’s leading cement range in the U.S.

OneCem accounted for 87% of cement net sales in North America in 2024.

The range offers strength, durability, performance and workability, while delivering a better sustainability profile versus traditional Portland cement - reducing CO2 emissions by 5-10%.

Varied applications range from general ready-mix concrete, through to architectural precast, structural precast, concrete block, paving and geotechnical.

2.5+BN

Net sales OneCem CHF

ELEVATE

Most advanced system selling roofing brand in North America.

Elevate is our most advanced roofing systems brand in North America, and is central to our Solutions & Products segment.

Innovative, durable and sustainable, Elevate’s solutions range from high-performance roofing systems to wall and lining solutions.

Other Solutions & Products brands include Duro-Last, a U.S. leader in commercial roofing systems, and Malarkey - which is growing fast in the U.S. residential roofing market.

2+BN

Net sales Elevate CHF

1 Fuerte and Apasco are part of ECOPlanet.

DECARBONIZATION DRIVING PROFITABLE GROWTH

Holcim is driving the industry’s broadest range of advanced construction technologies to achieve our net-zero targets and drive profitable growth.

Building for people and the planet

With the world’s population expected to reach 9.7 billion by 20501 , and more of us moving to cities, we need to build, yet we need to do so sustainably - given a changing climate and pressure on resources.

We want to decarbonize building across the value chain. Starting with our own operations, we are working to decarbonize Holcim from quarry to lorry. Then we focus on building better with less - using our low-carbon brands such as ECOPact and ECOPlanet.

We are also making cities more sustainable, by offering products and solutions that improve thermal efficiency and enable green retrofitting.

Finally, we want to change the construction industry from linear to circular, by building new from old.

Why Holcim invests in decarbonization

We are investing in decarbonization because it is the right thing to do, and because it makes good business sense. It enables us to unlock cost efficiencies, and our sustainable building solutions offer customers added value.

In our operations, we are focusing on formulating cement and concrete using innovative raw materials, and expanding our use of decarbonized energy as well as advanced technologies, including carbon capture.

“We are investing in decarbonization to turn sustainable growth into profitable growth, and deliver leading Recurring EBIT margins.”

STEFFEN KINDLER, Chief Financial Officer

1 United Nations population data.

Growing demand for sustainable solutions

With demand for our sustainable building solutions growing worldwide, Holcim stands to benefit over proportionally as a market leader.

We are on course to make net-zero cement and concrete a reality at scale this decade, and are already helping our customers build better with less using multi-billion Swiss franc brands such as ECOPact and ECOPlanet - which offer 100% performance with a carbon footprint that is at least 30% lower compared to standard alternatives.

In Solutions & Products, we have a strong portfolio of brands - from Elevate, Duro-Last and Malarkey to Tector, Airium and ZinCo - that help our customers build, refurbish and retrofit their buildings sustainably, to increase energy efficiency and further reduce emissions.

Sustainable growth is profitable growth

Across our regions, decarbonization, alongside circularity, is a large-scale opportunity that Holcim is seizing - accelerating sustainable and profitable growth.

Europe currently has the most advanced decarbonization policies and regulations that are facilitating our profitable growth. The European Union Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) is the first major carbon market created to lower emissions, and the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) places fair tariffs on products, including cement, that enter the bloc.

Such instruments incentivize companies to invest in breakthrough decarbonization technologies, while government funding, the EU Innovation Fund and the EU Green Deal add to Europe’s attractiveness.

CIRCULAR CONSTRUCTION DRIVING PROFITABLE GROWTH

Holcim is advancing circular construction in key metropolitan areas where we operate across the world as a driver of profitable growth.

Advancing circular construction

The future of construction is circular. As the world’s population grows, we need to build sustainably - with solutions to reduce, recycle and reuse materials.

Making circular construction a driver of profitable growth, we are committed to building new from old, reducing use of primary materials and minimizing waste, as well as generating revenue from recycling fees. We offer high-value, advanced sustainable solutions that incorporate recycled material, without compromising on performance.

Scaling our ECOCycle® circular technology

By deploying our ECOCycle® circular technology across a range of building solutions, we produce products that guarantee a content of minimum 10% up to 100% recycled construction demolition materials (CDM), with no compromise on quality and performance. Solutions include raw materials for use in low-carbon cement formulations and recycled aggregates for use in concrete or as fillers for road construction.

Solutions with ECOCycle® are now available in nine countries, with more launches planned. As we grow our network of advanced processing sites, we are expanding the markets for which we can provide circular solutions.

Unique geographical footprint

We currently run over 150 recycling centers worldwide, in or near to major metropolitan areas in which we operate - from London to Lyon and Melbourne to Toronto. Holcim’s unique geographical footprint and our strong logistics network give us excellent access to CDM available at these “urban mines”.

Scaling organically and through M&A

We are leading the shift to circular construction across all our regions, both organically and through M&A. In 2024, we made four value-accretive acquisitions in this space - in the UK, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland - to scale up ECOCycle®. In 2024, Holcim grew its recycling of CDM by 20% for the second consecutive year to 10.2 million tons - equivalent to over 2,000 truckloads every working day.

Iconic circular projects

Iconic Holcim projects include Wood Wharf in central London, where we provided one of the UK’s first concretes with recycled CDM.

In Australia, the Kidston Pumped Hydro Energy Project in Queensland was built using 100% recycled aggregates in all Holcim concrete. In France, Recygénie - a social housing project near Paris - was constructed using the world’s first 100% recycled concrete from Holcim. 

 10.2M                          150+
 Tons of CDM recycled in 2024   Recycling centers worldwide


Holcim’s circular solutions in action

CDM as high-value aggregates

Holcim is taking recycled aggregates to the next level, recycling them as high-value solutions for use in ready-mix concrete, as well as asphalt for road construction. In the UK, for example, the spectacular Wood Wharf mixed-use development in London uses aggregates “mined” locally then recycled at our nearby recycling center. These were used to create ECOPact mixes with 20% recycled aggregates inside for two of the project’s towers.

CDM as alternative raw materials

To reduce emissions in cement, we are substituting limestone in clinker with alternative raw materials derived from CDM - to reduce emissions. For example, the Lakeside Project office complex in Warsaw, Poland (see page 24) was built using ECOPact concrete. This contains cement that uses recycled mineral insulation wool recovered from CDM as a limestone substitute.

CDM as mineral components

Recycled ready-mix fines can be used to replace limestone in concrete production. One example is a multistory office building and underground car park in Styria, Austria, built using Holcim’s ECOPlanet RC. Launched at the Austrian World Summit in 2023, this cement contains more than 25% ECOCycle® recycled CDM, and binds additional CO2 directly into the recycling material via our innovative “RapidCarb” process.

CDM as coarse aggregates

Holcim’s broad range of alternative aggregates - containing recycled concrete and secondary aggregates - can be used as base materials for everything from roads to buildings. Jobcenter Unna in Germany is an urban regeneration project where Holcim supplied 2,000m3 of ECOPact with coarse aggregates recycled at our site near Dortmund.

VALUE-ACCRETIVE M&A

Holcim continued its portfolio transformation with 27 value-accretive transactions closed in 2024, strengthening our position in the most attractive markets.

Investing in M&A for growth

M&A is instrumental to Holcim’s growth trajectory. We are sharpening our footprint to focus on the most attractive markets and business segments, to ensure we remain at the cutting-edge of the industry - with 22 value-accretive acquisitions and five divestments closed in 2024.

With 100 synergetic acquisitions since 2018, we have shown how successful we are at integrating new companies, using our expertise to realize synergies and maximize the growth potential of our acquisitions.

Advancing in circular construction

Since circular construction is a driver of profitable growth for Holcim, this is one major focus of our M&A activity. In 2024, we acquired four high-margin businesses active in the recycling of construction demolition materials (CDM).

Mendiger Basalt in Germany produces aggregates and recycled CDM, while Land Recovery in the UK is a leading supplier of recycled construction materials and aggregates. Cand-Landi in Switzerland is a diversified business involved in recycling and waste management; Mark Desmedt is a leading Belgian recycler of CDM.

Strengthening Solutions & Products

We strengthened Solutions & Products in 2024 with the acquisition of OX Engineered Products, a leading U.S. provider of advanced insulation systems for residential and commercial applications. OX is a preferred provider for the nation’s largest homebuilders, and with OX’s complementary technologies, Holcim will offer an extended range of building envelope solutions to meet the needs of its North American customers.

ZinCo is a leader in green roofing systems with operations across Europe, that will strengthen Holcim’s specification selling approach.

Tensolite is a leading manufacturer of innovative precast and prestressed concrete construction systems with a strong presence in fast-growing Latin American markets.

We continue to accelerate growth in our existing business through synergetic bolt-on acquisitions to expand local operations across key markets and geographies.

Sharpening our footprint

In Latin America we expanded in Guatemala through an acquisition, and acquired Comacsa and Mixercon in Peru to enter that market. In addition, our joint venture Cement Australia signed an agreement to acquire a division of the Buckeridge Group of Companies (BCG) in Australia subject to regulatory approvals.

We closed the divestments of our activities in Uganda, Tanzania, South Africa, Russia and Kenya. We also signed an agreement to sell our Nigerian business. The transaction is subject to customary and regulatory approvals.

27 TRANSACTIONS CLOSED IN 2024 

 CEMENT, AGGREGATES AND READY-MIX  
 NORTH AMERICA                     
 King William S&G                  
 U.S. | AGG                        
 EUROPE                            
 Mark Desmedt                       Eurobud1
 Belgium | CDM                      Poland | RMX
 Rock 2023                          Dunex Plus
 Bulgaria | AGG                     Serbia | RMX
 Sekundar                           Cand-Landi
 Croatia | Recycling                Switzerland | CDM, AGG, RMX
 Expansion in Toulouse              Ghielmicementi
 France | AGG                       Switzerland | CEM
 Sablières de l’Atlantique          Seekag
 France | AGG                       Switzerland | RMX
 Mendiger Basalt                    Land Recovery
 Germany | CDM, AGG                 UK | AGG, CDM
 CemEnergy                         
 Poland | Recycling                
 LATIN AMERICA                     
 Expansion in Guatemala             Comacsa
 Guatemala | CEM, RMX               Peru | CEM
 Comosa                             Mixercon
 Mexico | RMX                       Peru | CEM, RMX


 SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS       
 NORTH AMERICA              
 OX Engineered Products     
 U.S. | Insulation systems  
 EUROPE                     
 Bantle Gips                 ZinCo
 Germany | Other             Germany | Green roofing systems
 LATIN AMERICA              
 Tensolite                  
 Argentina | Precast        


 DIVESTMENTS   
 KENYA          TANZANIA
 RUSSIA         UGANDA
 SOUTH AFRICA  


1 Ready-mix operations in selected markets in Poland acquired from Eurobud.

FAST-PACED INNOVATION

With one of the industry’s leading R&D networks, Holcim’s innovation engine helps drive profitable growth.

R&D at Holcim

Holcim has one of the leading R&D networks in our industry, with over 300 dedicated experts at our research facility in Holderbank, Switzerland and the Holcim Innovation Center in Lyon, France.

Working closely with our global network of regional innovation hubs - from the U.S. to Australia - our researchers spread innovation across our markets. They also work with our commercial teams to support our customers in realizing their ambitious projects from concept to creation.

Spanning every field of construction, our experts include masons, engineers and material scientists as well as experts in artificial intelligence and data mining. They drive cutting-edge research to decarbonize our solutions, from testing new grinding technologies to finding new materials to reduce the CO2 footprint of our ECOPact concrete mixes (read more on pages 70-73).

In our R&D work we draw on 370 patent families. In 2024, we filed 37 new patent applications, a record number and 30% more than in 2023. Harnessing the know-how of our experts, we launched 710 new products in 2024, a 18% increase compared with 2023.

Our work has won recognition with many awards. For example, we won the Innovation Award Architecture+ Building at BAU Munich, the world’s leading trade show for architecture, materials and systems, for four different sustainable building solutions: our ECOCycle® circular technology, the ECOPact and ECOPlanet ranges (including an innovative calcined clay application), and our carbon prestressed concrete (CPC) smart design solution to build better with less.

SCALING AI AND DIGITALIZATION

LEVERAGING THE POWER OF AI

We are leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to accelerate the transition to sustainable building as well as catalyze operational efficiency and customer service. For example, as part of our Plants of Tomorrow program, we are deploying a range of tools to implement the latest technologies at Holcim plants around the world.

Scaling AI across our plants, we are focusing on optimizing processes, product quality, equipment maintenance and health and safety. We are rolling out a solution from leading platform provider C3 AI to enhance manufacturing resilience at over 100 plants, and piloting generative AI to enhance its capabilities.

To provide a superior customer experience, we piloted elements of HOLCIM+, our AI-powered, integrated digital ecosystem in 2024. This has now been launched and offers everything from effortless ordering and delivery scheduling, to real-time tracking, instant direct communication and more.

In 2024, iconic projects including The Ellinikon in Greece and Mexico’s Moranta Tower used our digital concrete services. SMARTCast speeds up construction with sensors in concrete that assess its strength in real time. SMARTFlow simulates concrete flowability and advises on the best pump to use. SMARTherm simulates concrete’s temperature development to reduce cost, mitigate risk and optimize its thermal profile.

Strong innovation partnerships

Innovation means collaboration. We partner with key players in our world’s transition to net zero to pioneer new technologies that will get us there. Our partners range from top-tier academic institutions and star architects, to major corporations across industries and disruptive startups. We work with over 40 leading universities around the world in fields ranging from materials science to civil engineering.

Through Holcim MAQER Ventures, our corporate venture capital and open innovation unit, we have collaborated with startups on over 100 pilot projects around the world and invested in more than 16 startups to date, including four in 2024. We launched the fourth edition of the Holcim MAQER Ventures startup accelerator focused on driving circular construction, with corporate partners including Amazon, BloombergNEF, Acciona and Suez.

Holcim Innovation Hub

In 2024, we welcomed more than 1,800 visitors to the Holcim Innovation Hub. This co-creation lab showcases Holcim’s sustainable building solutions and provides a forum to accelerate circular, resilient, low-carbon, energy-efficient and smart building worldwide.

The Hub is a place where key stakeholders across the construction value chain gather to advance net-zero building. From customers and government officials to startups and architects, visitors gain inspiration to transform the way we build.

Introducing HOLCIM+

HOLCIM+ is an integrated ecosystem of digital solutions, providing a seamless end-to-end customer experience that delivers more than just products.

Accessible through a mobile app or the website, HOLCIM+ is an intuitive platform that makes it easier than ever to manage orders, deliveries and projects with transparency and efficiency at every step.

It is already available in many key markets with more to follow. See how it can bring efficiency to your build!

• holcim.com/holcim-plus

SCALING WITH STARTUPS

Holcim MAQER Ventures helps the most exciting startups reinvent how the world builds, through venture capital, venture clienting and an accelerator program.

Venture capital

Holcim MAQER Ventures predominantly invests in companies at an early stage, so we can help them scale their breakthrough technologies. Our three investment verticals are sustainable building, efficient building and transformative building.

Our 2024 investments included Sublime Systems, Paebbl, Travertine and Electrified Thermal Solutions.

Neustark, part of the Holcim MAQER Ventures portfolio, is a Swiss carbon removal pioneer. In 2024, we introduced its game-changing mineralization technology in the UK and France, having debuted it in Switzerland.

Concrete naturally absorbs CO2 from the atmosphere, and neustark’s technology accelerates the time this takes from centuries to hours - capturing biogenic CO2 and permanently storing it in demolition concrete, for use in new building solutions.

Beyond minority equity investments, Holcim MAQER Ventures gives startups access to our global operations and technical expertise to scale innovation. This includes the operations and markets of over 50 businesses worldwide and the largest R&D center in our sector.

Venture clienting

Through venture clienting, where corporations leverage innovation by becoming customers of a startup, Holcim MAQER Ventures brings innovative startup solutions to its global operations, enabling them to pilot and scale up their technologies in a real market context.

Accelerator program

For startups looking to develop their early product, the six-month Holcim MAQER Ventures accelerator program provides real market and technical feedback from Holcim and other corporate partners. In 2024, we launched the fourth season of our accelerator with a focus on circular construction.

“Working with the most exciting startups, we scale breakthrough technologies to help reinvent how the world builds.”

BENGT STEINBRECHER

Head of Holcim MAQER Ventures

• Read more online 

 100+             16
 Pilot projects   Startup investments


Sublime Systems

Based on a proprietary CO2-free electrochemical system, Sublime Systems’ technology uses clean electricity and carbon-free raw materials to reinvent cement making. Holcim has invested in the startup, which is now building a manufacturing plant to produce 30,000 tons of net-zero cement per annum as of 2026.

Paebbl

Using a low-energy process, Paebbl’s technology accelerates the mineralization process by converting and permanently storing CO2 into a future-proof raw material that is suitable for a range of industrial applications. Holcim has co-invested in the startup with Amazon’s Climate Pledge Fund.

Travertine

We have invested in Travertine’s process that creates a fossil-free source of sulfuric acid. This helps minimize waste from mining and fertilizer while enabling the critical element extraction needed for the energy transition. Using carbon mineralization, it transforms captured CO2 into stable minerals, mimicking natural processes.

Electrified Thermal Solutions

Holcim has invested in Electrified Thermal Solutions to scale up its breakthrough Joule HiveTM Thermal Battery. This “firebrick” stores electrical energy at ultra-high temperatures, and will allow us to expand our range of clean energy solutions. The startup plans a commercial demonstration in 2025 ahead of a global rollout.

EMPOWERED LEADERSHIP

Holcim’s record performance is driven by empowered leadership with a strong performance culture.

Performance culture and management

Holcim is best-in-class when it comes to financial performance, innovation and sustainability, making decarbonization and circular construction drivers of profitable growth.

This is thanks to our deeply embedded purpose-driven performance culture that is lived by our people. Another cornerstone of our leadership model is transparent and accountable performance management, with over 500 profit and loss (P&L) leaders leading the way.

A place where people come first

Most importantly, Holcim is a place where we put our people first so that they can thrive and engage in our mission. For example, we are striving to build the best workplace, and our most recent employee survey had a participation rate of 90%, with Holcim rated higher on every question compared to the previous survey. This positions us among the top quartile of companies that achieved an improvement.

PURPOSE, PEOPLE AND PERFORMANCE

That is what we call the Holcim Spirit, and it is how we generate value for our people and the planet.

We are driven by a clear purpose to build progress, with sustainability and innovation at the core of our strategy.

Our people make this possible. This is why Holcim’s leadership is focused on creating the best workplace for people, where talent is nurtured, diversity is celebrated and health and safety is the top priority.

The result is a deeply embedded culture of performance and value creation for customers and shareholders, lived by all our people across all markets. To accelerate this people strategy, our senior leaders will begin incorporating Purpose, People and Performance KPIs into their annual plans.

“At Holcim we live a purpose-driven performance culture. Our great successes are thanks to our people, who make this company the special place it is today.”

CARMEN DIAZ, Chief People Officer

Lifelong learning and development

Holcim is committed to nurturing talent by providing growth opportunities to our people through lifelong learning and leadership development, supporting them professionally and guiding them along the way. Everyone is encouraged to thrive and grow.

In 2024, we launched Holcim University, a one-stop destination where business schools, functional academies, forums, and online learning converge under one global brand. Through this global initiative, we are empowering all Holcim employees to take charge of their professional growth and development.

We support our young talent to make a difference through initiatives such as One Young World and the Early Career Leadership Program. Employees in more senior roles also have development opportunities through programs like the Business School for Emerging Leaders, Advanced Leaders and Senior Leaders, with a particular focus on driving Holcim’s sustainable growth ambition and establishing a strong commitment to diversity.

In addition to our business schools, a variety of functional academies offered in person or virtually to our middle managers, team leaders and individual contributors all over the world, are designed to equip them with the technical skills they need to thrive and grow in their roles. Under the umbrella of “Collaborative Learning” we provide everyone with a variety of alternative learning resources, while our extensive online library offering thousands of learning modules is freely accessible to all our employees.

? Read more on page 106

PROFITABLE GROWTH

Holcim continued driving profitable growth in the most attractive, high-value markets and segments in 2024.

Achieving profitable growth

In 2024, Holcim delivered over-proportional Recurring EBIT growth across our segments. We reached a new level of profitability in North America, while sustainability drove profitable growth in Europe. Latin America achieved the highest Recurring EBIT margin of our segments, Asia, Middle East & Africa delivered strong value creation and Solutions & Products reported strong net sales growth.

“Focusing on the most attractive markets with our high-value solutions, Holcim achieved profitable growth across all our segments.”

MILJAN GUTOVIC, Chief Executive Officer

NORTH AMERICA

Holcim reached a new level of profitability, thanks to our market-leading positions and strong operational performance.

We achieved this in the face of challenging market conditions, with net sales in North America of CHF 6.4 billion, a record Recurring EBIT of CHF 1.6 billion, and a Recurring EBIT margin of 24.9%.

North America is one of the world’s most attractive construction markets, with more than USD 2 trillion of construction spending per year across the infrastructure, commercial and residential segments in the U.S. and Canada1.

Underinvestment in residential housing, aging infrastructure and recent reshoring trends, combined with population growth and urbanization, are key growth drivers for the North American market. These growth drivers are underpinned by government incentives and spending packages aimed at improving core infrastructure, addressing housing shortages and supporting local manufacturing in the U.S. and Canada.

Our North American business is uniquely positioned to fully capitalize on the region’s infrastructure and construction boom.

Holcim has over 950 building materials sites in North America, and our agile U.S. supply chain enables us to serve customers across the U.S. and Canada. Our inland footprint stretches from St. Paul to New Orleans, covering over 3,200 kilometers of the Mississippi River through 19 river terminals. With our leading footprint and proven track record of profitable growth, we are the number one cement player and have leading positions in aggregates and ready-mix.

As such, we stand to play a leading role in building North America’s future, and have secured over 200 infrastructure projects for the coming years. Projects range from housing and infrastructure to building the energy transition and digital economy.

DATA CENTER REVOLUTION

USING AI TO OPTIMIZE CONCRETE

The global market for data centers is expected to be worth USD 364 billion by 20342. Holcim already has an order book of more than 90 large-scale data center projects up to 2028. Within the North American market we supply sustainable building solutions for the world’s largest data center hubs - from Virginia to Texas.

Holcim offers a comprehensive range of building solutions from foundation to rooftop for data centers, supplying everything from high-performance and innovative building materials, to advanced roofing and insulation systems.

Demand for Holcim’s solutions is reinforced by collaborations with industry groups and leaders. For example, our open-source collaboration with Meta’s Adaptive Experimentation and Physical Modeling teams is training AI tools to optimize the design, production and delivery of advanced concrete mixes.

• Read more online

1 S&P Construction Data, May 2020.

2 Precedence Research: Data Center Market Size, Share and Trends, October 2024.

BRIDGING THE U.S. AND CANADA

A generational project for the U.S. and Canada, Gordie Howe International Bridge is North America’s largest cable-stayed bridge. Finished in December, it now connects Detroit, Michigan to Windsor, Ontario.

To drive sustainability, Holcim collaborated to create and test concrete mix designs that maximized use of recycled content and reduced the project’s environmental footprint.

With our partner Bridging North America, we developed an advanced, proprietary cement formulation with a range of low-emission raw materials, to deliver 100% performance with a more than 50% lower CO2 profile for the tower on the U.S. side.

A NEW LEVEL OF HOSPITALITY

Together with real estate developer Urban Villages and design-build firm The Beck Group, we partnered to build Populus, a landmark hotel in Denver, U.S., to achieve LEED Gold certification.

The developers committed to making Populus the first net-positive hotel project in the U.S. To help achieve their ambition, we developed an innovative concrete solution for the project’s superstructure, beams and slabs. With this advanced concrete mix, we delivered 100% performance with a 24% lower environmental profile.

To make Populus net positive across the hotel’s lifecycle, Urban Villages has planted more than 70,000 trees in Colorado in partnership with One Tree Planted and the U.S. Forest Service.

LATIN AMERICA

With strong underlying dynamics, this attractive region delivered the highest margin of Holcim’s business segments.

Record profitability in 2024

Latin America delivered another year of record profitability, with net sales of CHF 2.9 billion, Recurring EBIT of CHF 1.0 billion, and the highest Recurring EBIT margin of our business segments at 36.0%.

Long-term megatrends and government spending are driving infrastructure and commercial investments, resulting in profitable growth for Holcim. We have leading positions in key markets, and are driving profitable growth in the region organically and through M&A.

ICONIC DYNAMAX BUILD

Scheduled for completion in 2025, the 62-story, LEED-certified Torre Sohl is set to transform Central Monterrey, Mexico.

The project drawn up by Sordo Madaleno Arquitectos envisions a 180,000 m2 project with the 262-meter tower at its center.

To construct the tower, which will stand as one of the nation’s highest, 49,500 m3 of Holcim concrete is being used, including almost 10,000 m3 of DYNAMax.

Comprising apartments, offices and commercial premises, vertical developments like this enable construction in Mexico’s densely populated cities and improve the quality of life for inhabitants.

A spectacular development, Torre Sohl is set to bring widespread socio-economic benefits to downtown Monterrey as well as the north of Mexico.

We made four synergetic acquisitions in 2024. Two acquisitions in Peru gave Holcim access to this fast-growing, profitable market, as well as a growth platform for Solutions & Products in Latin America.

We also expanded our presence in Guatemala, one of the region’s most value-accretive markets, which we entered in 2023. In 2024, we acquired cement and ready-mix operations in this market, plus five land distribution centers.

Through our M&A activities and the commissioning of new plants, Holcim has entered a number of new businesses, including precast concrete, roofing and waterproofing, as well as mortars, adhesives and paints.

Closer to end customers with Disensa

In Latin America, we have unrivaled, direct customer access thanks to Disensa, the leading construction materials retail franchise in the region. Over 2,000 stores supply more than 5,000 stock keeping units (SKUs), and Disensa enables Holcim to get closer to end customers with a one-stop solution for construction materials. It provides a direct channel for Holcim’s own products, as well as a master distribution opportunity for other products. In 2024, we expanded the network into Guatemala, with the first store and a clear expansion plan.

“Our excellent performance in Latin America was underpinned by large-scale investment in infrastructure and commercial projects, while our Disensa retail franchise flourishes as a one-stop solution for building solutions.”

OLIVER OSSWALD, Region Head, Latin America

Expanding sustainable solutions

Plugging sustainability into our high-growth story in the region, Holcim has over 150 projects underway to offer the broadest range of sustainable solutions - from calcined clay to construction demolition materials (CDM).

Mexico City has introduced the country’s first circular building norm that allows up to 20% recycled aggregates to be used in certain concretes. The city is now the region’s most advanced for CDM, and Holcim Mexico has launched ECOCycle® in the country and is actively processing, crushing and reusing CDM.

Holcim El Salvador is recycling disused power poles into aggregates for concrete production, while in Ecuador we are replacing natural gypsum with residual gypsum from local industries. Holcim Colombia has launched an ECOPlanet cement that uses steel slag to reduce its carbon footprint by 32% versus standard products.

Strong construction demand

The population of Latin America is rapidly growing, as is the urban population of the region, which is expected to double by 2050. At the same time, the people living in these cities are demanding better living standards and more efficient infrastructure.

There is also major investment in trade infrastructure, with large companies investing to move manufacturing into the country and strengthen supply chains. Mexico and its neighboring countries are benefiting, with the potential to attract up to USD 35 billion in new investment1.

Taken together with the challenge of climate change, all these factors are leading to higher demand for Holcim’s innovative and sustainable building solutions - to both build the cities and infrastructure that Latin America needs, and to repair and refurbish existing structures.

1 Inter-American Development Bank news release, July 2022.

EUROPE

Our sustainable building solutions continued to drive profitable growth, leading to a substantial margin increase in 2024.

Sustainability drives profitable growth

With net sales of CHF 7.2 billion, Recurring EBIT of CHF 1.3 billion and a Recurring EBIT margin of 17.8% in Europe, our sustainable building solutions drove profitable growth.

Demand in Europe is underpinned by the need for infrastructure including industrial facilities, data centers, transportation and energy transition projects.

Margin expansion was driven by our value strategy, and decarbonization and circular construction which drove profitable growth.

We continued to invest in these areas throughout the year, increasing sales of our high-value ECO brands: ECOPact, ECOPlanet and ECOCycle®.

Highly synergetic M&A

In Europe, we closed 13 bolt-on acquisitions including six in aggregates and ready-mix and four in construction and demolition materials (CDM), to increase our capabilities in circular construction.

These include Land Recovery, a leading UK supplier of primary and recycled materials that we acquired in May. The company turns rail ballast into new solutions for the rail network and supplies CDM to ready-mix, precast concrete and asphalt customers.

BUILDING AN ENERGY ISLAND WITH ECOPLANET

PRINCESS ELIZABETH ISLAND

In the North Sea, a man-made island the size of eight soccer fields will rise up from the waves. Belgium’s Princess Elizabeth Island, the world’s first artificial energy island, is being built with 23 concrete caissons made with ECOPlanet cement.

Started in 2022, the project is being overseen by Elia, which manages Belgium’s power transmission network. On completion in 2030, the island will bundle cables from offshore wind farms to reach a capacity of 3.5 gigawatts a year.

Following testing by our direct customer TM Edison, Holcim’s ECOPlanet with high-sulfate resistance was chosen to build the 27-meter-high caissons thanks to its durability, strength and workability.

Sustainability considerations also played a key role in this choice, and Elia has worked with conservation experts to ensure that Princess Elizabeth Island will have a positive impact on biodiversity and marine life.

As a key part of achieving the European climate and energy goals, the island will facilitate energy sharing between countries, reduce fossil fuel reliance and protect businesses and consumers from energy cost inflation.

• Read more online

In June, we also acquired Cand-Landi Group in Switzerland to advance decarbonization and circular construction. Its businesses range from recycling and waste management to aggregates and ready-mix.

We also acquired Belgium’s Mark Desmedt, a leader in the recycling of CDM, in July. It recycles more than 500,000 tons a year and is located to serve Belgium’s two largest metropolitan areas - Brussels and Antwerp.

Favorable regulatory environment

Several regulatory instruments in Europe incentivize the investments that Holcim is making in breakthrough decarbonization technologies, which include recycling and carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS).

The European Union Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) is the first major carbon market, created to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at the lowest possible economic cost. The Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) places a fair tariff on carbon-intensive products, including cement, entering the EU.

Using advanced technologies

Innovative raw materials, decarbonized energy, and other advanced technologies including carbon capture are key levers in Holcim’s decarbonization journey.

In spring, Holcim broke ground on two of our large-scale CCUS projects, in Lägerdorf, Germany and Obourg, Belgium (see page 87).

In October, the EU Innovation Fund (EUIF) selected our breakthrough CCUS CarboClearTech project in Martres-Tolosane, France for a grant.

The award brings the total of Holcim’s EU-supported CCUS projects to seven, advancing the European Green Deal, as we work to make net-zero cement and concrete a reality at scale this decade.

ASIA, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA

Across this diverse region, Holcim is driving broad-based profitable growth in some of the world’s fastest urbanizing markets.

Driving broad-based profitable growth

In Asia, Middle East & Africa, we are focusing on the most attractive markets to deliver strong value creation, margin expansion and shareholder value.

Net sales in 2024 were CHF 3.6 billion, with Recurring EBIT of CHF 0.9 billion and a Recurring EBIT margin of 22.8% driven by good market dynamics in Australia and North Africa.

With solutions from ECOPlanet cement to 3D printing, Holcim is providing innovative, sustainable building solutions to build the infrastructure and affordable housing that this rapidly urbanizing region needs.

We continue to manage our portfolio proactively here, advancing our leadership in core markets and sharpening our footprint.

In 2024, our joint venture Cement Australia signed an agreement to acquire a division of the Buckeridge Group of Companies (BCG) to strengthen its footprint in Western Australia, while we closed four divestments - in Uganda, Tanzania, South Africa and Kenya.

Shaping sustainable construction

Sales of Holcim’s sustainable building solutions are increasing across the region, while across our sites we are ramping up our use of renewable fuels, renewable energy and calcined clay.

BUILDING MELBOURNE’S METRO TUNNEL

Rapid population growth in Melbourne, Australia led city authorities to green light a transformational extension of the city’s electrified metro network.

Work began in 2017 on the Metro Tunnel Project and will be completed in 2025, creating room for 500,000 more passengers a week during peak periods. Twin nine-kilometer tunnels will create a new line, while five new stations are being built.

Holcim developed 45 bespoke concrete mixes for the project and delivered over 660,000 m3 of low-carbon concrete. This helped the Metro Tunnel Project achieve an overall carbon reduction of 165,000 tons, or a 52% reduction in embodied carbon for the cement. This is equivalent to powering more than 20,000 homes for a year.

“We are meeting demand for the cities and infrastructure that our rapidly urbanizing region needs, while continuing to scale sustainable building solutions like ECOPact and ECOPlanet.”

MARTIN KRIEGNER, Region Head Asia, Middle East & Africa

Sustainable innovation in Australia

Strong Recurring EBIT margin expansion was the story in 2024 for Asia, Middle East & Africa. Australia was integral to this success as one of its most attractive markets.

With growth in demand for innovative products from ECOPact and DYNAMax to FutureCast precast concrete solutions, we enable our customers here to build better with less. Our Humes brand is the number one precast concrete supplier in Australia for infrastructure - supplying solutions for water, transport and civil projects.

Coupled with ongoing trials of electric vehicles, and use of renewables to power sites, Holcim Australia is helping to shape a sustainable future in construction.

Standout Holcim projects range from Schofield Gardens, an ECOPact residential project in Sydney, to Australia 108, Melbourne Square and Shangri-La Towers in Melbourne. Holcim is also building vital infrastructure in the country and empowering the clean energy transition, with projects including the Sydney Metro, Melbourne Metro Tunnel and the Kidston Pumped Hydro Energy Project.

Generational projects across Egypt

Across Egypt, Holcim is involved in major projects ranging from the Al-Ain El-Sokhna Port extension and Cairo Metro Line 4, to skyscrapers in New Alamein City and large-scale infrastructure.

We are also playing an integral role in building Egypt’s New Administrative Capital, a next-generation city the size of Singapore that is rising from the sands near Cairo. Here Holcim supplied ECOPact and ECOPlanet to build Africa’s tallest building, the 385-meter-high Iconic Tower.

Covering 500,000 m2 , the newly opened Grand Egyptian Museum (GEM) in Giza is the world’s largest museum. It was built to house the nation’s priceless historical artifacts, using Holcim’s sustainable building solutions.

? Building Icons. Read more on page 48

SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS

We continued to expand in the most attractive areas of the market, from roofing and insulation to repair and refurbishment.

Solutions from foundation to rooftop

Solutions & Products achieved net sales of CHF 5.9 billion, with a Recurring EBIT of CHF 0.7 billion and a Recurring EBIT margin of 11.9%.

With iconic brands like Elevate, Duro-Last and Malarkey, this global segment offers the most comprehensive range of advanced roofing and insulation solutions, supporting both the commercial and residential markets.

In addition, under Specialty Building Solutions, we have a wide range of strong European brands - from PRB and Compaktuna to Cantillana and Izolbet - specializing in advanced mortars, tile adhesives and facades.

PRB Group, one of the main French manufacturers of specialty building solutions, which includes coatings, insulation, adhesives and flooring systems, had another strong year, driven by commercial and operational excellence initiatives.

Expanding in the most attractive market segments

Solutions & Products grew organically and through M&A, with key deals including OX Engineered Products in the U.S., a leading provider of structural sheathing and insulation systems that provide best-in-class, long-term performance and protection.

LIVING GREEN ROOFS

WELCOMING ZINCO

By acquiring ZinCo this year, a leader in advanced green roofing systems, we expanded our systems selling approach - from solar to green roofs.

ZinCo’s living green roofs not only look good and boost energy efficiency - they improve people’s well-being. By regulating internal temperatures they combat the urban heat island effect, while bringing more nature into cities and improving air quality.

ZinCo’s advanced roofing solutions also offer enhanced stormwater management capabilities and climate resilience for water-sensitive cities.

The company has provided sustainable roofing solutions for a wide range of iconic projects, including the High Line in New York City, the Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural Center in Athens and The Ellinikon - Europe’s largest urban regeneration project, which is being built using Holcim’s sustainable building solutions - from end to end.

• Read more online

Expanding its range of nature-friendly solutions, Holcim acquired ZinCo in Germany, a leader in advanced green roofing systems. In Argentina, the company acquired Tensolite, a leader in precast and prestressed concrete construction systems.

Elevate takes the LEED in Salt Lake City

In 2024, Elevate continued to invest to expand its product lines and strengthen its operations in North America.

A new 60,000-m2 manufacturing and distribution facility in Salt Lake City was built to serve the Western U.S. and Canada, with the potential to triple regional production for Elevate ISOGARDTM polyiso insulation, while adding a new line for Elevate UNA-CLADTM metal products.

As a state-of-the-art facility, it achieved the region’s first LEED v4 certification thanks to the use of Holcim’s sustainable building solutions, from ECOPlanet in its foundations and floors to Elevate systems: ISOGARDTM roof insulation, UNA-CLADTM metal wall panels and SunWaveTM skylights.

Notable Elevate projects completed in 2024 include the 14,800-m2 San Juan Indoor Velodrome in Argentina. The largest indoor cycling facility in Latin America features a striking curved roof that integrates Elevate UltraPlyTM TPO and ISOGARDTM insulation in the roofing system - to improve interior comfort and maximize energy efficiency.

Duro-Last achieves profitable growth

As the world’s largest manufacturer of custom-fabricated, thermoplastic single-ply roofing systems, Duro-Last achieved profitable growth in 2024. The brand advanced its ambition to be the clear market leader in PVC roofing by providing the highest quality products and a superior system offering, with leading customer and technical support.

In 2024, significant Duro-Last projects included re-roofing the 12,500-m2 Grinnell Mutual Reinsurance facility in Grinnell, Iowa. Focused on durability and weather resistance, the solution used Duro-Last 60-mil tan membrane.

Malarkey builds capacity in Indiana

Another key Solutions & Products business, Malarkey Roofing Products, invested in its footprint in 2024, breaking ground on a 35,000-m2 manufacturing facility in Franklin, Indiana to expand its residential roofing offering.

From 2026, the plant will produce residential roofing shingles on two manufacturing lines, improving access and delivery times for customers in the Midwest and Northeast regions.

BUILDING ICONS

We are Building Icons across the world to showcase our circular, resilient, low-carbon, energy-efficient and smart solutions.

What is a Building Icon? An inspirational building at the heart of a city or a key infrastructure project, built sustainably with Holcim inside. A best-in-class example that showcases what inspires us, as we make construction more circular, resilient, low-carbon, energy-efficient and smart - from end to end.

Additionally, Building Icons aims to mobilize everyone across the building value chain - to accelerate sustainable building together, and reinvent the places where we all live, work, learn and play.

Wood Wharf, London, UK

London’s Wood Wharf is one such icon. A large, mixed-use development in London, it is being built using Holcim’s custom low-carbon ECOPact concrete with 20% recycled construction demolition materials.

Eleven on the River, Minneapolis, U.S.

With the world’s population growing, and more of us moving to cities, there is demand for solutions that make it possible to build vertically, while also realizing projects that are technically advanced and aesthetically pleasing.

Step forward Eleven on the River in Minneapolis, U.S., which used ECOPact Prime for its concrete foundation pour to achieve a 50% reduction in CO2 emissions versus standard concrete. Bespoke DYNAMax mixes also helped us limit the sway of the building’s tall, slender structure.

Casa Laguna, Guayaquil, Ecuador

With rapid urbanization across the world, over 3 billion people are expected to need affordable housing by 2030. Ecuador’s largest city, Guayaquil, exemplifies this trend - with the population expected to reach 4 million by 2035.

To meet this trend, Casa Laguna is being built as the nation’s largest affordable housing initiative. 3,500 homes are being constructed using Holcim's ECOPact, resulting in a 60% reduction in CO2 emissions compared with traditional concrete.

Building an Egyptian GEM

Giza’s spectacular Grand Egyptian Museum (GEM) is the world’s largest archaeological museum, built to house the country’s rich heritage. We supplied over 320,000 m3 of ECOPact for the project, as well as Artevia and Agilia concretes, and 600,000 m2 of mortar from the Tector family.

“Building Icons celebrates inspirational buildings and infrastructure at the heart of our cities, built to last with Holcim solutions.”

MILJAN GUTOVIC, Chief Executive Officer

LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability is at the core of Holcim’s strategy, as we reinvent building with solutions that are circular, resilient, low-carbon, energy-efficient and smart.

Leading in sustainability

In 2024, Holcim made strong progress toward our net-zero targets while offering the broadest range of sustainable building solutions to our customers. We advanced our Nature Strategy, worked to create a positive impact in communities worldwide, and partnered across the value chain to accelerate the shift to sustainable building.

BUILDING THE SUSTAINABLE CITIES OF THE FUTURE

With our sustainable building solutions, Holcim is helping transform how the world builds for people and the planet.

With our sustainable building solutions, Holcim is committed to building cities that work for all. With 2.5 billion more people expected to live in cities by 2050, we are working to build the homes and infrastructure they will need in an advanced, resilient and future-proof way.

Partnering across the building value chain, we are scaling the adoption of our sustainable materials in the construction phase, our advanced roofing and insulation systems to make buildings more energy-efficient in operation, and driving circular construction at end of use - by recycling materials in key metropolitan areas where we operate.

Taking a rigorous science-based approach, we are focused on delivering against our net-zero 1.5°C-aligned targets, while continuing to further our reporting transparency to ensure alignment with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).

Delivering on our targets

In 2024, we made progress across all our targets, making decarbonization a driver of profitable growth. We continued to expand our range of technologies - from innovative low-emission materials such as calcined clay and decarbonized energy to advanced technologies, including hydrogen fuel boosting and carbon capture, utilization and storage.

With our seven large-scale carbon capture projects in Europe, engineered to produce eight million tons of net-zero cement per annum by 2030, we are on track to make net-zero cement and concrete a reality at scale this decade.

Through Holcim MAQER Ventures, we work with the most innovative startups to scale exciting technologies in the built environment - from 3D printing to advanced mineralization. In 2024, we announced investments in four promising startups (see page 32).

Driving circular construction

Circular construction is another key driver of profitable growth. It enables us to reduce primary material use, generate revenue from end-of-use materials and offer advanced sustainable solutions, from decarbonized raw materials for cement and concrete to high-quality aggregates.

Scaling circular construction, we made four value-accretive acquisitions in this space in 2024. We now operate over 150 recycling centers worldwide, and increased our recycling of construction demolition materials by 20% compared to last year.

Bringing nature into cities

Nature matters to all of us at Holcim. By bringing more of it into cities - from green roofs to permeable concrete - we can reduce urban heat and improve water management and air quality, while enabling friendly public spaces for people to enjoy. To showcase how leading cities worldwide are managing nature to increase their resilience, we partnered with IUCN to publish the report “Catalyzing Biodiversity on Buildings”.

We advanced our Nature Strategy in 2024, working with the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN), and are among the first three companies worldwide to set science-based targets for nature. At COP16 in Colombia, we announced our first target focused on water, to be scaled up across our operations.

Building for people and communities

Everything we do at Holcim, we do for people. Respect for human rights is fundamental to the way we and our business partners operate. Going beyond this we strive to create a positive impact on communities worldwide - investing in social initiatives focused on housing, infrastructure, education, skills and health.

One of the key themes at COP 29 in Baku was resilient housing, and we are working to increase its availability for vulnerable populations - from Morocco and Lebanon to Spain. Working with the Norman Foster Foundation, we want to make sustainable building possible for all. Together we unveiled a new prototype “Essential Home” last year, which we will scale in Latin America in 2025 (see page 118).

Sustainability is everyone’s business at Holcim, and in 2024 we again put business to work as a force for good. Thank you to all our teams, from Sustainability and Innovation through to Health, Safety & Environment, who make the magic happen. Their work won us external accolades - from CDP, who named us on its A List for Climate, and the World Economic Forum, to Fast Company, Reuters and more.

Partnering across the value chain

On our mission to decarbonize building, Holcim can’t act alone, which is why we forge strong collaborations across the value chain - with engineers, architects, cities and more. A landmark development was the launch of the Holcim Sustainable Construction Academy - a free online learning journey for built environment professionals, developed with leading external experts.

Together, let’s transform the way the world builds to accelerate the shift to a more sustainable built environment, for people and the planet.

NOLLAIG FORREST, Chief Sustainability Officer

TOWARD FULL CSRD ALIGNMENT

Holcim made further progress toward full CSRD alignment with new disclosures and a dedicated index. We conducted and published a new double materiality assessment (DMA) that confirms our strategic priorities.

? See our CSRD content index on page 397

CLIMATE REPORT 2024

? Read more on page 62

ADVANCING SUSTAINABLE BUILDING

Holcim is working to make building sustainable across its value chain.

GREEN OPERATIONS

DECARBONIZING HOLCIM

We are developing new formulations and expanding our use of decarbonized energy as well as advanced technologies including carbon capture.

? Read more on page 66

CIRCULAR CONSTRUCTION

BUILDING NEW FROM OLD

We recycle millions of tons of construction demolition materials (CDM) every year, and convert plastics and minerals into energy and materials.

? Read more on page 26 

 Leading in sustainability                         
 CLIMATE                     CIRCULARITY   NATURE   PEOPLE


 Partnering for impact                                                         
 CUSTOMERS & SUPPLIERS   PUBLIC AUTHORITIES & CITIES   ARCHITECTS & ENGINEERS   STARTUPS & ACADEMIA


 SCIENCE BASED TARGETS                        BUSINESS AMBITION FOR 1.5 °C   >> OUR ONLY FUTURE
 DRIVING AMBITIOUS CORPORATE CLIMATE ACTION                                 


BUILDING BETTER WITH LESS

DECARBONIZING CONSTRUCTION

We are scaling low-carbon brands such as ECOPact and ECOPlanet. Smart-design systems such as 3D concrete printing with TectorPrint and prefabricated solutions can reduce material use by up to 50%.

? Read more on page 88

MAKING BUILDINGS SUSTAINABLE

DECARBONIZING CITIES

Our advanced roofing, insulation and specialty building solutions improve energy efficiency in use and reduce operational emissions. Green roofing and permeable concrete help bring nature into cities.

? Read more on page 92

Sustainability is embedded throughout our operations, centered on four key pillars.

? Read more on page 56

See how we create value for all.

? Read more on page 16

DELIVERED THROUGH OUR STRATEGY:

ACCELERATING GREEN GROWTH

Accelerating growth across all our markets with industry-leading profitability and cash flow.

EXPANDING SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS

Reaching 30% of Group net sales in Solutions & Products by 2025.

LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainability is at the core of our strategy, with 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets validated by SBTi for all scopes.

? Read more about our strategy on page 20

OUR APPROACH

Sustainability is at the core of our strategy, and our approach is based on four key pillars: climate, circularity, nature and people.

CLIMATE

Holcim is taking a science-driven approach to becoming a net-zero company. As a leader in our industry we are following science-based targets and a clearly defined net-zero roadmap.

? Read our Climate Report on page 62

Material issues

Operational greenhouse gas emissions (direct)

GHG emissions in the value chain (indirect)

Climate change adaptation and resilient infrastructure

Meeting customers’ product quality and decarbonization expectations

Energy and alternative fuels

Key initiatives

Decarbonizing our operations

Decarbonizing our energy mix

Decarbonizing our mobility

Scaling up low-carbon materials

Accelerating CCUS

Advocacy and leadership

? Our science-based targets. Read more on page 67

? Low-carbon formulation. Read more on page 70

? Decarbonized energy. Read more on page 74

? Carbon capture technologies. Read more on page 82

CIRCULARITY

Holcim is driving circular construction at scale across key metropolitan areas. ECOCycle® is our circular technology platform to recycle construction demolition materials into new building solutions.

? Read how we are Driving Circularity on page 26

Material issues

Operational waste management

Responsible procurement

Resource use and the circular economy

Key initiatives

Circular construction

Circular cities

Building resilient cities

? Circular construction. Read more on page 26

? Circular cities. Read more on page 90

? The “Regenerative Revolution.” Read more on page 92

LEADING IN ESG DISCLOSURES & TRANSPARENCY

? Art. 964b Swiss Code of Obligations. Read pages 410-411

? EU Taxonomy. Read page 244

? TCFD. Read page 216

? TNFD. Read page 216

NATURE

Nature absorbs half of the world’s carbon emissions and is the foundation of our economies and lives. Our Nature Strategy focuses on restoring and preserving biodiversity and freshwater, as well as bringing nature into cities.

? Read more on page 96

Material issues

Biodiversity and ecosystems

Water management

Key initiatives

Strategic partnerships

Piloting world’s first science-based targets for nature

Progressive transformative rehabilitation of quarries

Optimizing freshwater use at our sites

Replenishment of freshwater in water-risk areas

? Nature-positive future. Read more on page 96

? Science-based targets for nature. Read more on page 96

? Progress on our biodiversity targets. Read more on page 96

? Helping nature with our solutions. Read more on page 98

PEOPLE

Our 65,000 Holcim people worldwide are driven to reach their full potential and make a positive difference. We are committed to upholding human rights, ensuring health and safety and empowering people, communities and our supply chain partners.

? Read more on page 106

Material issues

Talent attraction, retention and development

Diversity, equity and inclusion

Labor practices

Occupational Health & Safety

Human Rights

Social impact and community engagement

Key initiatives

Early career leaders

Employee engagement

Mental health awareness

Critical risk management

Human Rights Impact Assessment

Social Impact initiatives

? Holcim People. Read more on page 106

? Health & Safety. Read more on page 112

? Respecting human rights. Read more on page 114

? Just Transition. Read more on page 104

SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 2024

In 2024, Holcim achieved progress across all its sustainability targets, from advancing decarbonization and scaling up circular construction, to delivering on its nature and people targets. 

 REDUCTION OF CO2 PER NET SALES %         
 2024                               -4%    2.8
 2023                               -20%   2.9
 2022                               -21%   3.7
 2021                               -8%    4.7


 REDUCTION OF CO2 NET PER TON OF CEMENTITIOUS KG1        
 2024                                               -2%   538
 2023                                               -3%   549
 2022                                               -2%   567
 2021                                               -1%   580


 DECARBONIZATION                                               CCUS AMBITION
 CO2 REDUCTION                                                 PROJECTS
 4%                                                            7
 CO2/net sales2                                                CCUS projects in execution
 CO2 NET PER TON OF CEMENTITIOUS                               NET-ZERO CEMENT
 2%                                                            8M
 Reduction in 20243                                            Tons per annum by 2030
 SCIENCE BASED TARGETS                                         REUTERS EVENTSTM
 DRIVING AMBITIOUS CORPORATE CLIMATE ACTION                   
 First in our sector with net-zero targets validated by SBTi   Business Transformation Award from Reuters Events Sustainability Awards 2024


1 Prior-year data are restated as per 2024 consolidation scope.

2 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales, compared to 2023.

3 Compared to 2023. 

 CIRCULARITY                                                 NATURE                                                                            PEOPLE
 RECYCLED                                                    SPECIFIC FRESHWATER WITHDRAWAL                                                    EMPLOYEES
 10.2M                                                       277                                                                               85%
 Tons of construction demolition materials (CDM)             L/ton of cementitious material 2023: 298 L/ton                                    Internal promotion rate across Senior Leaders
 CIRCULAR CONSTRUCTION                                       BIODIVERSITY                                                                      DIVERSITY
 +20%                                                        100%                                                                              21%
 Recycling of CDM compared with 2023                         Biodiversity baselines assessed using BIRS1 methodology                           Women in senior leadership roles
                                                             (+36% versus 2023)                                                               
 WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM                                        SCIENCE BASED TARGETS NETWORK                                                     FAST COMPANY
                                                             GLOBAL COMMONS ALLIANCE                                                           BEST WORKPLACES FOR INNOVATORS 2024
 Circularity Lighthouse Award for our ECOCycle® technology   One of only three companies worldwide to adopt science-based targets for nature   First place in sustainability category of Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators


1 Biodiversity Indicator Reporting System

DELIVERING ON THE GLOBAL GOALS

Working to deliver on the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we have identified the ten most closely linked to our business.

SDG 3: Good Health and Well-being

Our strategy includes providing decent housing, clean water and sanitation, affordable energy and accessible healthcare. For example, our health program encompasses initiatives to support the well-being of our employees and their families.

SDG 6: Clean Water & Sanitation

We actively manage our water use to lower consumption, reduce pollution and protect water-related ecosystems to contribute to SDG 6. Near our plant in Chhatak, Holcim Bangladesh launched a project to harvest then treat rainwater to provide safe, local drinking water.

SDG 8: Decent Work & Economic Growth

Through job creation and community projects, we strive to make a positive impact. Holcim invested CHF 24.2 million in social initiatives for people and communities in 2024, ranging from housing and health to education and skills development to enhance livelihoods. For example, in Boyacá, Colombia, our Innovation Bootcamp teaches business and entrepreneurship skills to improve job prospects and living standards.

SDG 9: Industry, Innovation, Infrastructure

We partner with researchers, startups and industry leaders to advance R&D in the construction industry and develop disruptive solutions. Our unique open innovation ecosystem includes hundreds of pilot projects around the world.

SDG 11: Sustainable Cities & Communities

We are developing our innovative and sustainable building solutions for growing, increasingly urban populations - to make sustainable construction possible at scale around the world.

SDG 12: Responsible Consumption & Production

As a world leader in recycling, circularity is at the core of everything we do. We are leading the shift to circular construction across all our regions. In 2024, we grew the amount of construction demolition materials recycled to 10.2 million tons - equivalent to over 2,000 truckloads every working day.

SDG 13: Climate Action

Climate action is at the heart of our strategy and is based on our net-zero targets, validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. We continuously find ways to reduce our carbon footprint, as well as develop low-carbon and sustainable building materials. In 2024, we reduced CO2 per net sales by 4% compared to 2023.

SDG 14: Life Below Water

Our bioactive concrete ranges are ideal for building artificial reefs and coastal protection to preserve marine biodiversity. In Mexico, we donated ECOPlanet Prime to create bioactive reefs that will restore the corals of Isla Contoy National Park. This has enabled the restoration and reproduction of nearly 450 corals.

SDG 15: Life On Land

SDG 15 guides our Nature Strategy as we strive to be a nature-positive business with a strong commitment to preserving biodiversity. At COP16 in Colombia, the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) named Holcim as one of the first three companies globally to adopt science-based targets for nature.

SDG 17: Partnerships for the Goals

We engage with stakeholders at local, national and global levels. In 2024, we partnered with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation to accelerate circularity in the built environment, several promising startups to decarbonize building, plus leading NGOs to help communities thrive.

CLIMATE REPORT 2024

“In 2024, we showed climate leadership, advancing on all of our decarbonization levers as we lead the transition to a sustainable built environment.”

NOLLAIG FORREST

Chief Sustainability Officer

LEADING IN ESG DISCLOSURES & TRANSPARENCY

? Art. 964b Swiss Code of Obligations. Read on pages 410-4114

? EU Taxonomy. Read on page 244

? TCFD read on page 216

? TNFD read on page 216

CLIMATE HIGHLIGHTS 2024 

 4%                                                   7
 Reduction in CO2/net sales1                          CCUS projects in execution
 2%                                                   8M
 Reduction in CO2 net/ton of cementitious material2   Tons of net-zero cement from 2030
 10.2M                                                +20%
 Tons of CDM recycled                                 Recycling of CDM2


1 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023.

2 Compared to 2023.

CLIMATE

MAKING PROGRESS ACROSS ALL DECARBONIZATION LEVERS 

 ACCELERATING GREEN GROWTH                         2024 IMPACT
 IMPACT DASHBOARD                                         
 ECOPACT READY-MIX NET SALES                       29%     ?
 CONSTRUCTION DEMOLITION MATERIALS RECYCLED TONS   10.2M   ?
 GREEN CAPEX CHF                                   534M    ?
 SUSTAINABLE FINANCE                               40%     ?
 REDUCTION CO2 NET/T CEM YEAR-ON-YEAR              2%      ?


RECOGNIZED CLIMATE AND NATURE LEADERSHIP 

 SCIENCE BASED TARGETS                                  SCIENCE BASED TARGETS NETWORK                                  TCFD                                                 CDP
 DRIVING AMBITIOUS CORPORATE CLIMATE ACTION             GLOBAL COMMONS ALLIANCE                                        TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 First in sector with SBTi-validated net-zero targets   One of the first three companies with SBTN validated targets   Signatory since 2017 with aligned reporting          Included in CDP’s 2024 A List for Climate


 2025 TARGETS   BY 2030
 25%            AMBITIONS FOR A 1.5°C FUTURE
 10M            8M
                Tons of net-zero cement per annum
 500M           2BN
 40%            Investment in CCUS CHF
 2%-4%          BUSINESS AMBITION FOR 1.5 °C >> OUR ONLY FUTURE


 TNFD                                                REUTERS EVENTSTM                                    Co-funded by the European Union
 Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures                                                       Emissions Trading System
                                                                                                         Innovation Fund
 Taskforce member and early adopter                  Reuters Events Business Transformation Award 2024   Seven CCUS projects selected for EU grants


CLIMATE

DECARBONIZING HOLCIM TO BECOME NET ZERO

We take a science-driven approach to becoming a net-zero company. In 2024, we continued making strong progress toward our 1.5°C-aligned targets.

Our net-zero pledge

With climate action at the core of Holcim’s strategy, we have 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets in line with the 1.5°C framework validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for all three scopes.

Our Climate Policy

Holcim’s approach to accelerating climate action while enabling a Just Transition and climate adaptation are described in our Climate Policy. The main principle of our policy is the delivery of our actions in a rigorous, science-based manner to execute our net-zero journey. We comply with local, state, federal and national regulations in all our operations and advocate for collective actions with relevant stakeholders.

? Read more about climate and nature-related risks and opportunities on pages 214-230

Say on Climate

Holcim greatly values shareholder feedback on our climate transition plan. For the fourth consecutive year, we will submit our Climate Report for an advisory vote at our Annual General Meeting. In previous years, shareholders’ insights have been instrumental in enhancing our disclosures and refining our strategy.

We actively engage with our shareholders on the Climate Report and incorporate their feedback to improve our reporting. This collaboration has led to significant enhancements, such as the inclusion of all 15 categories of Scope 3 emissions in our disclosures. 

 LEADING CLIMATE ACTION FOR YEARS:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 PIONEERING DECARBONIZATION WHILE SHAPING INDUSTRY STANDARDS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 2020                                                                                                 2021                                                                  2022                                                                                                2023-2024                                                                                             2024
 net                                                                                                  SCIENCE                                                               TCFD                                                                                                Co-founded by the Eurepean Union                                                                      CALCINED CLAY
 zero                                                                                                 BASED                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 BUILDING FOR PEOPLE & PLANET                                                                         TARGETS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                      DRIVING AMBITIOUS CORPORATE CLIMATE ACTION                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 First in sector to sign “Business Ambition for 1.5°C” initiative with SBTi-validated 2030 targets.   First in sector with SBTi-validated 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets.   First in sector to disclose a TCFD aligned climate report and give shareholders “Say on Climate”.   Seven Holcim breakthrough carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) projects selected for grants by EU Innovation Fund.  Holcim deployed 22 calcined clay projects (in Europe, Africa and Latin America), allowing us to produce cement with up to 50% less CO2.


OUR SBTi TARGETS ALIGNED WITH 1.5°C

Holcim commits to reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) across the value chain by 2050.

Near-term targets

Holcim commits to reduce gross Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 26.2% per ton of cementitious materials by 2030 from a 2018 base year.1 This is equivalent to a 25% reduction in absolute emissions within the same timeframe.

By 2030, Holcim commits to reduce gross Scope 3 GHG emissions per ton of purchased clinker and cement by 25.1%, from a 2020 base year.

In addition, Holcim commits to reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from fuel and energy-related activities by 20% per ton of purchased fuels and Scope 3 GHG emissions from downstream transport and distribution by 24.3% per ton of materials transported by 2030.2

Long-term targets

Holcim commits to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 95% per ton of cementitious materials by 2050 from a 2018 base year.1 Holcim commits to reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions 90% by 2050 from a 2020 base year.3

With these upgraded targets, we have confirmed our commitment to decarbonize building following the most advanced science.

Holcim has not financed climate change mitigation projects outside the value chain through the purchase of carbon credits to achieve GHG emission reductions or removals. Holcim is committed to becoming a net-zero company by 2050, aligned with SBTi guidelines. 

 SCIENCE BASED TARGETS                        BUSINESS AMBITION FOR 1.5 °C   >> OUR ONLY FUTURE
 DRIVING AMBITIOUS CORPORATE CLIMATE ACTION                                 


                                    Target base year
                                    2018      2024      2030      2050
 SCOPE 1                            623       582       -23.3%4   -95%
 KG CO2/T cementitious              590 net   538 net   420 net   net zero
 SCOPE 2                            46        32        -65%4    
 KG CO2/T cementitious                                           
 SCOPE 3                            2020                         
 PURCHASED CLINKER AND CEMENT       710       705       -25.1%    -90%
 KG CO2 eq/T purchased                                            Absolute emissions of all Scope 3 categories
 PURCHASD FUELS                     286       285       -20%      net zero
 KG CO2 eq/T purchased                                           
 DOWNSTREAM TRANSPORTATION          11        9         -24.3%   
 KG CO2 eq/T material transported                                


1 The target boundary includes land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.

2 These targets were validated by SBTi in alignment with a 2°C scenario.

3 Target boundary includes 95% of Scope 1 and 2 emissions and 90% of Scope 3 emissions, per SBTi standard.

4 Equivalent to the SBTi validated combined Scope 1 and 2 ambition of -26.2%.

CLIMATE

OUR CO2 FOOTPRINT AND PATHWAY TO NET ZERO

Holcim is committed to reducing its carbon footprint across its operations and value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3), to become a net-zero company by 2050.

Scope 1

Scope 1 emissions account for 60.9% of our footprint and are at the core of our emissions reduction strategy. Scope 1 includes all emissions released directly from our operations. Most come from cement production. 39.8% of our emissions are generated by the raw materials we use to produce clinker. Fuel combustion necessary to heat cement kilns is another significant emissions source. A small share of Scope 1 emissions come from Solutions & Products, Aggregates and Ready-mix (RMX) operations.

Scope 2

Scope 2 emissions account for 3.6% of our carbon footprint. Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed in the company's owned or controlled equipment.

Scope 3

Scope 3 emissions account for 35.5% of our carbon footprint. Scope 3 includes all other indirect emissions generated in our value chain, such as for transportation as well as the extraction and production of purchased materials and fuels. Scope 3 also includes direct emissions from non-consolidated companies and investments.

? For more on our Scope 3 emissions, see page 78

OUR CO2 FOOTPRINT 

 SCOPE 1                                                                      
 Raw material calcination Cement production                                    39.8%
 Fuel combustion Cement production                                             19.8%
 Power generation, Aggregates, Ready-Mix and Solutions & Products operations   1.3%
 SCOPE 2                                                                      
 Purchased electricity                                                         3.6%
 SCOPE 3                                                                      
 Upstream and downstream emissions                                             18.8%
 Investments                                                                   16.7%


HOLCIM’S PATHWAY TO NET ZERO

Our pathway to 2030 and 2050 is clear. To reach our 2030 Scope 1 and Scope 2 commitments, we will reduce our clinker factor, use alternative fuels and raw materials, and increase our use of renewable energy. We will invest in proven technologies that produce positive returns.

To reach our 2050 targets, we will continue using our traditional levers while also scaling up carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) and other advanced technologies. Our net-zero pathway does not rely on offsets.

OUR ABSOLUTE SCOPE 1 + SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS PATHWAY 

 Efficiency gains in design & construction   Smart design and low-carbon formulation of concrete moves the market to more carbon-efficient construction.
 Efficiency gains in concrete               
 Decarbonized electricity                    Increase the share of decarbonized electricity through power purchase agreements and on-site renewable electricity, together with decarbonization of the electrical grid.
 Less clinker in cement                      Replace clinker in our final cement products with mineral components, such as calcined clay and novel binders.
 Less CO2 in clinker                         Produce clinker with decarbonized raw materials, increasing energy efficiency and transitioning to alternative fuels.
 CCUS and other advanced technologies        Deploy advanced technologies such as carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) and other breakthrough process innovations, such as electrification or hydrogen as an alternative fuel, which decrease dependency on fossil fuels.
 Passive recarbonation                       Natural reabsorption of CO2 during the lifetime of concrete products.


CLIMATE

DECARBONIZING OUR SOLUTIONS

Holcim R&D experts worldwide are harnessing their formulation expertise to decarbonize our concrete and cement.

ECOPact and ECOPlanet both offer CO2 reductions of at least 30% compared to standard (CEM I/OPC) local concrete and cement, respectively.

Alternative raw materials

The majority of emissions from cement production result from the calcination of limestone into clinker. This part of the process is our largest source of CO2 emissions, accounting for 40% of our total carbon footprint.

Using decarbonized materials in clinker production reduces emissions in two ways: it emits less CO2 and requires less heat than conventional materials.

Basic elements (Ca, Si, Fe, Al, S) enable the supply of the essential minerals required for clinker chemistry and safeguard natural resources in quarries.

Recycled construction demolition materials (CDM) yield cement paste that has already been decarbonated, meaning process-related carbon emissions are lower.

Waste from other industries, including fly ash and steel slag, can replace virgin limestone and avoid landfill.

We are working with innovative companies to keep raising standards and developing new alternative material streams.

AI-POWERED CEMENT FORMULATION

In 2024, we launched OptiCEM, a digital tool to optimize cement formulation powered by artificial intelligence (AI) and materials science. OptiCEM uses AI to analyze vast amounts of data, such as plant specifications and raw material properties, to generate formulations optimized for KPIs including cost and carbon footprint.

The tool allows Holcim teams around the world to scale use of low-emission alternative raw materials and mineral components. By reducing the need for laboratory tests and industrial trials, OptiCEM accelerates the product development process.

In the first six months of deployment, OptiCEM generated over 1,400 new cement formulations, saving more than 39,000 days of curing time and over CHF 400,000 in costs.

HOW WE ARE DECARBONIZING HOLCIM

From our products to our process 

 CO2 EMISSIONS                          LEVERS
 Emissions from electricity purchased   Power purchase agreements (PPA)
 Quarry                                 Electrification and autonomous vehicles
 Onsite vehicles                       
                                        Decarbonized raw materials
                                        Carbon capture/Mineralization
 Process emissions                     
                                        Energy efficiencies/Waste heat recovery
 Emissions from fuel combustion         Electrification/Hydrogen
                                        Alternative fuels
                                        Mineral industrial components/Construction and demolition materials/Calcined clay
                                        Clean Transport and distribution


                            Base year          Target   Target   Target
                            2018        2024   2025     2030     2050
 SCOPE 1                    590         538    520      420      net
 KG CO2net/T cementitious                                       
 SCOPE 2                    46          32     -        16       zero
 KG CO2/T cementitious                                          


Mineral components

Beyond reducing the level of CO2 in the clinker, our Scope 1 emissions pathway aims to reduce the level of clinker in our cement. We aim to decrease our clinker factor from 72% currently to below 68% by 2030 and reduce it further by 2050.

To achieve this, we partially replace the clinker in our cement with mineral components, significantly reducing the carbon intensity of the final product.

Holcim uses four major categories of mineral components to reduce emissions from our cement and concrete mixes:

Recycled cement paste from CDM.

Innovative mineral components such as calcined clay, pozzolana and reclaimed ashes.

Waste from other industries, including slag and fly ash.

Traditional mineral components such as limestone and gypsum.

In the coming decades, we expect CDM and innovative mineral components to gradually replace slag and fly ash.

To this end, we are investing in advanced crushing and processing technology to fully recycle CDM. In 2024, we started using CDM as a mineral component in France, Romania, Germany, Spain and Austria, and scaled it up in Switzerland.

We are also accelerating the use of other innovative mineral components like calcined clay, which can reduce the footprint of cement by up to 50%, with operations currently advancing in Europe and Latin America. 

 MINERAL COMPONENTS IN EUROPE (M TONS)   GROWTH ENABLERS
 +36%                                    Construction demolition materials
                                         Recycling fines as cementitious material in low-carbon cement.
                                         Innovative mineral components
                                         Calcined clay, pozzolana, reclaimed ashes will gain in significance as a component of cement in the future.
                                         Slag and fly ash
                                         After 2025, the supply of slag and fly ash is expected to decrease due to lower production of underlying related materials (steel/coal). Lower volumes on the market will mean a cost increase.
                                         Traditional mineral components
                                         Limestones and gypsum (mainly) are and will continue to be a significant share of mineral components due to high availability and lower cost versus clinker.
 2020 | 2025 | 2030 | 2050              


Scaling up calcined clay

Calcined clay is a mineral powder obtained through the calcination of natural clays at a relatively low temperature. Acting as a replacement for limestone-based clinker in the final cement, it allows us to produce cement with up to 50% less CO2 than standard cement.

Since clay is one of the most abundant natural resources globally, calcined clay is a highly scalable solution that we are increasingly using in our formulations. We now produce 10 calcined-clay based cements at nine plants across Europe, Latin America and North Africa.

Holcim is expanding production of calcined clay across our regions to reduce CO2 emissions, and from 2026, the new EU Emissions Trading System (ETS) “binder” benchmark will favor calcined clay production - further supporting our plan to develop new projects in Europe.

In 2024, we started constructing a new dedicated calcined clay production line at our plant in Cížkovice in the Czech Republic, which will receive financial support from the Czech Ministry of Environment and is slated for completion in 2026.

In France, our Saint-Pierre-la-Cour calcined clay operation - the first of its kind in Europe - launched its first calcined-clay based cement in the second quarter of 2024, while our plants in La Malle, France, and Sagunto, Spain also launched cements with calcined clay last year.

The latest Holcim site to launch calcined clay production is our plant in Guayaquil, Ecuador, which will produce up to 465,000 tons of calcined clay per year.

Several building projects using Holcim’s calcined clay-based cements were completed in 2024, including the Marseille Marina for the Paris Olympic Games. 

 71.7%                    10.8%
 Clinker factor in 2024   Alternative raw materials in cement


CLIMATE

DECARBONIZING OUR ENERGY MIX

Holcim is shifting to lower-carbon energy across our value chain - from alternative fuels and renewable electricity to waste heat recovery systems.

Optimizing our energy use

We are investing to modernize our kilns and lower our CO2 emissions. For example, at our plant in Obourg, Belgium, we are installing an innovative oxyfuel cement kiln that significantly reduces CO2 emissions. In combination with CCUS (see page 82), this will allow the plant to produce fully decarbonized cement from 2028.

Additionally, as part of Holcim’s Plants of Tomorrow initiative, we are taking further steps to adopt the latest technologies in our plants. Using digital solutions, we are creating connected, smart and energy-efficient sites that will complement our other decarbonization levers.

Using lower-carbon fuels

The International Energy Agency anticipates that fossil fuel consumption will peak by 2030. Our transition to alternative fuels involves substituting traditional fossil fuels used in cement kilns, which include coal, petcoke and natural gas.

With waste volumes increasing globally, our Geocycle business offers us a scientifically proven, economical and ecological solution in line with international standards. We are closing material loops and reducing the carbon footprint of the clinker manufacturing process by transforming non-recyclable waste into high biogenic carbon fuels, thus replacing traditional fossil fuels.

In 2024, 31.7% of Holcim’s thermal energy demand for clinker production came from alternative lower-carbon fuels. By further investing in waste treatment and co-processing facilities, we aim to increase the thermal substitution rate to 50% by 2030.

Currently, nine of our facilities in Europe already use alternative fuels for more than 80% of their energy.

In addition, as we progress toward net zero, advanced technologies such as electrification and use of hydrogen as an alternative fuel will account for an increased share of our decarbonization efforts.

Increasing biomass content

Our focus is on innovation to further reduce carbon emissions by increasing the biomass content in the fuels we use. To optimize alternative fuel use, we deploy near-infrared spectroscopy technology to analyze alternative fuel properties during kiln feeding. This enables us to eliminate quality variations and use an optimal fuel mix to reduce CO2 emissions. 

 31.7%                                                           9                                                        3.1M
 of thermal energy sourced from alternative lower-carbon fuels   Plants in Europe running on over 80% alternative fuels   Tons of alternative fuels processed in Europe in 2024


Innovations to boost alternative fuels

We are exploring oxygen and hydrogen as a booster in our kilns. Using a small amount of oxygen and hydrogen as a booster can enhance combustion, which is expected to increase the utilization of high biogenic carbon waste fuels and increase clinker production rates.

Holcim Mexico is piloting oxyhydrogen boosting at our Ramos Arizpe plant. Working with a local partner, Knergy, we have installed two electrolyzers at the plant for controlled oxyhydrogen injection. We aim to create technical knowledge in the region that can be replicated and scaled across Latin America.

At our plant in La Malle, France we successfully trialed the use of hydrogen as an alternative fuel. We were the first in our industry to reach an injection rate of 58%. With the remaining fuel mix coming from biogenic sources, this meant our kiln was powered by carbon-neutral fuels.

Driving decarbonization and circularity

As a dedicated part of Holcim, Geocycle provides sustainable waste management solutions to municipalities and industries worldwide. Geocycle maximizes resource value - recycling when possible, valorizing non-recyclable materials as well as setting and promoting industry-leading standards.

Geocycle materials reduce our carbon footprint, enhance circularity and preserve natural resources. Our global network of advanced pre-treatment platforms provides scientifically proven and environmentally friendly solutions in countries with Holcim cement operations.

In 2024, Geocycle supported Holcim’s decarbonization and circularity targets by recycling 14.7 million tons of waste and byproducts for use as decarbonized energy or in raw materials.

Shifting to clean electricity

Electricity makes up a significant proportion of our energy use. To decarbonize electricity, we are shifting to clean energy sources such as solar, hydro, wind, biomass and geothermal power wherever possible.

Several factors impact the electricity value chain, including the availability of renewable power, transport and grid infrastructure and geographic conditions. At Holcim, we take a tailored, local approach to decarbonizing our electricity use. Working with private companies and local officials, we leverage our diverse energy portfolio to decarbonize electricity at scale.

Leveraging waste heat recovery

Waste heat recovery ultimately serves to capture excess heat generated within a facility and repurpose it in various applications to optimize energy efficiency. Holcim’s waste heat recovery systems are specifically engineered to use excess heat produced by our cement kilns and convert it into electricity.

We presently have seven operational waste heat recovery units, producing 262 gigawatt hours of clean electricity. This translates into a carbon reduction of 377,000 tons annually. Our goal is to significantly increase the number of waste heat recovery units by 2030.

Scaling up renewable electricity

We signed our largest green energy contract to date in 2023 to power our operations in Germany with wind energy. Our plants in Colombia are setting an example by operating with 100% renewable energy. Globally, we aim to reduce the carbon intensity of our Scope 2 emissions by 65% by 2030 against a 2018 baseline.

We are developing renewable energy sources on our sites to reduce our dependence on electricity sources that generate CO2 emissions.

Harnessing solar power

We continue to make progress in rolling out solar power across our operations:

In Belgium, we plan to operate our first floating photovoltaic installation from 2025. It is designed to supply 15% of our Obourg plant’s electricity.

In Hungary, 31 gigawatt hours of solar energy will be generated annually starting in January 2025.

Harnessing wind power

Through collaboration with our partners in the wind energy sector, we are installing and operating wind farms on our sites to generate our own renewable energy. For example, three wind turbines at our plant in Paulding, U.S., provide around 20% of the site’s electricity, reducing CO2 emissions by 9,000 tons per year.

Our plants in Germany are at the forefront of harnessing wind energy to power our operations. Thanks to their advantageous geographical locations, our Lägerdorf (Schleswig-Holstein) and Höver (Lower Saxony) plants utilized onshore wind power in 2024 for part of their electricity needs.

Leveraging power purchase agreements

We are growing our renewable energy portfolio through partnerships with power producers. Power purchase agreements (PPAs) are long-term contracts for electricity supply between Holcim, as a corporate buyer, and renewable power suppliers. PPAs typically specify pricing, electricity quantities and renewable sources.

We are rolling out renewable energy PPAs around the world:

In Europe, we secured additional long-term supply from renewable sources in Greece, Spain, Belgium and Austria. Ongoing projects in Hungary, Romania, Belgium and Germany are nearing completion, and will start operating in 2025.

In North America, a virtual PPA began operating at our plant in Exshaw, Canada. In 2025, we expect two further PPAs to start supplying solar power for our U.S. plants in Alpena and Portland.

In the Philippines, we entered into a PPA to supply geothermal power starting in Q3 2024 and began the installation of several rooftop solar projects, which will enter into operation by Q2 2025.

In Latin America, we finalized a number of rooftop solar projects in Mexico, Guatemala and Costa Rica.

HOLCIM’S VALUE CHAIN: SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS

Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions associated with upstream and downstream activities of consolidated companies, as well as the direct and indirect emissions of our non-consolidated companies.

Reducing Scope 3 emissions requires us to mobilize our full organization, make smart purchasing decisions, and engage other companies across the value chain in building a net-zero future.

Fuels and energy

These are the “cradle-to-gate” emissions from purchased fuels and energy. We are reducing these emissions by replacing traditional fossil fuels with locally sourced, alternative and non-extractive fuels.

Downstream transportation

These CO2 emissions come from transporting our materials to customers, between factories and distribution terminals. We are reducing these by optimizing routes and loads, moving volumes from roads to waterways or rail, and deploying fleets powered by electricity and more eco-friendly fuels.

Purchased clinker and cement

We require our clinker and cement suppliers to provide the CO2 information related to their products, for example, through Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs). This enables us to accelerate the purchase of low-carbon products.

Other products and services purchased

All other products and services purchased account for 21% of our total Scope 3 emissions. We include CO2 requirements in the tendering process and integrate CO2 as a parameter in our total cost of ownership models used to drive purchasing decisions.

Investments and joint ventures

We account for Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our principal cement-producing investments and joint ventures in proportion to our effective participation. These include: 

 Company                             Country of incorporation or residence   Effective participation (percentage of interest)
 Cement Australia Holdings Pty Ltd   Australia                               50.0 %
 Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd               China                                   41.8 %
 Lafarge Maroc S.A.S.                Morocco                                 50.0 %
 Readymix Qatar L.L.C                Qatar                                   49.0 %


Our principal cement-producing joint ventures have 2030 carbon reduction targets in line with SBTi ambitions. We are actively engaging with them to have their targets validated by the SBTi.

CLIMATE

DECARBONIZING OUR MOBILITY

We are transitioning to low-carbon mobility from quarry to city by adopting more sustainable and efficient transport options.

Downstream transportation currently accounts for 13% of our total Scope 3 carbon emissions. To reduce these emissions, we are leveraging four pillars:

Transitioning to low-emission trucks.

Using rail and waterways where possible.

Optimizing vehicle dispatch, including the use of lightweight trailers.

Encouraging eco-driving: adjusting driving behaviors to reduce fuel consumption.

By implementing these measures, and encouraging our customers and suppliers to do likewise, we aim to reduce Scope 3 downstream transportation emissions per ton of material transported by 24.3% by 2030 compared to 2020.

Driving demand for clean technologies

As a founding member of the First Movers Coalition, Holcim is committed to advancing low-carbon solutions.

In 2024, we announced that we will deploy 1,000 new Mercedes-Benz electric trucks in Europe. Holcim also entered an agreement with Putzmeister Oceania to trial the first Australian Design Rules-approved, 100% electric concrete truck mixer in the country, the SANY eMixer.

Such strategic partnerships help us assess the feasibility of integrating clean technologies into our logistics network to reduce Scope 3 emissions.

GREEN MOVEMENT

HYDROGEN MOBILITY WITH MERCEDES-BENZ

Holcim joined forces with Mercedes-Benz Trucks to pilot their GenH2 hydrogen-powered trucks, a game-changer in low-carbon mobility. Starting mid-2024, these advanced fuel-cell trucks were deployed on long-haul routes in Germany, including operations by Gerdes + Landwehr, a Holcim logistics partner.

With a range exceeding 1,000 kilometers and payloads comparable to diesel trucks, the GenH2 represents a significant step toward decarbonizing heavy-duty transport. It offers Holcim the opportunity to test hydrogen technology in real-world operations, to assess performance, reliability and scalability.

“We are proud to pioneer hydrogen-powered trucks in our logistics network, and support Holcim’s commitment to sustainable and innovative supply chains.”

MATHAN DURAIRAJ, Head of Group Logistics

Decarbonizing our vehicle fleet

From autonomous electric vehicles in quarries to heavy-duty electric trucks for material distribution, we are transforming our fleet to meet ambitious decarbonization goals - using electric, hydrogen and biofuel-powered solutions across our logistics operations.

In 2024, we ran over 50 electric truck pilots with leading equipment manufacturers such as Volvo, Daimler, Renault and SANY, in addition to the hydrogen-powered truck pilot in partnership with Mercedes-Benz Trucks.

Alongside these innovations, the integration of biofuels such as BioCNG and BioLNG across our fleet is accelerating the reduction of emissions.

Transforming logistics with digital solutions and AI

Holcim is transforming its global logistics by integrating advanced digital solutions and AI-driven strategies to optimize operations and reduce Scope 3 emissions, through the following levers:

AI-driven planning: Improved forecasting aligns supply and demand, optimizing fleet use and reducing unplanned, emission-heavy moves.

Network optimization: AI designs efficient routes, cutting transport distances and fuel consumption.

Dispatch optimization: Smart systems consolidate shipments, reduce truck usage and minimize empty kilometers.

Advanced analytics: Our global Transport Analytics Center (TAC), spanning over 50 countries, delivers real-time insights, empowering dispatch managers to optimize resources, cut energy use and reduce emissions across our logistics network.

CLIMATE

DRIVING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES

Holcim is driving the industry’s broadest range of decarbonization technologies to execute on its 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets. Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) is a key decarbonization lever.

Decarbonizing cement production

Decarbonizing cement and concrete is at the core of Holcim’s net-zero journey. The first step is to decarbonize our formulations and energy mix (see page 70).

In product formulations, we are using low-emission raw materials from calcined clay to construction demolition materials (CDM). We are decarbonizing our energy mix using Geocycle alternative fuels, such as biomass, and harnessing renewable electricity generated by wind and solar. For the remaining CO2 emissions, we are advancing CCUS technologies to become net zero.

CCUS enables us to capture CO2 emissions before they are released into the atmosphere. This CO2 can then be used in various applications, such as the production of low-carbon fuels or materials. Alternatively, we can store it safely underground in deep geological formations.

Carbon capture technologies

We are developing and assessing mature carbon capture technologies for cement production to maximize our flexibility across our global footprint.

Post-combustion technologies

These solutions capture CO2 in the exhaust gases of a traditional kiln system. The most advanced use solvents to absorb CO2, creating a liquid that is sent to a regenerator where concentrated CO2 can be released. Other post-combustion approaches include CO2 separation using membranes and adsorption processes.

Integrated processes

We are also exploring various integrated processes such as oxyfuel, the electrification of clinker manufacturing and the calcination of raw materials. The oxyfuel approach replaces air with oxygen in cement manufacturing, avoiding nitrogen in the system and creating a concentrated CO2 exhaust stream.

HOLCIM’S CCUS PATHWAYS

Our projects span four CCUS pathways:

(1) MINERALIZATION

CO2 is reacted with minerals to form carbonates, storing the CO2. In the cement sector, this reaction provides a way of capturing CO2 as a raw material to produce new building materials.

(2) CONVERSION UTILIZATION

CO2 can be repurposed by reaction with green hydrogen to produce fuels that can decarbonize the aviation and maritime sectors, or can be used to produce chemicals and plastics.

(3) MARKET UTILIZATION

Captured CO2 can be used for greenhouse plants as a crop growth enhancer or in the food and beverage industries, to carbonate soft drinks, for example.

(4) STORAGE

CO2 is captured from a facility and transported to a location via pipelines, trains, ships or trucks. It is then safely stored underground either onshore or offshore.

OUR AMBITIOUS CCUS ROADMAP

By 2030, we aim to reach significant milestones in our CCUS journey. We have committed to invest CHF 2 billion in CCUS projects, net of public funding, to capture 5 million tons of CO2 annually and produce 8 million tons of net-zero cement each year from 2030.

To meet these targets, we have identified 17 flagship projects based on mature technologies as well as robust partnerships and value chains. Each one is well positioned to become a net-zero cement plant. Seven full-scale CCUS projects across Europe have been selected for grants from the European Union Innovation Fund and aim to go live before 2030.

SEVEN EUROPEAN UNION-SUPPORTED PROJECTS 

 CARBON2BUSINESS             GO4ECOPLANET
 Lägerdorf, Germany          Kujawy, Poland
 2029                        2027
 1.2M                        1.2M
 Tons of CO2 captured p.a.   Tons of CO2 captured p.a.
 GO4ZERO                    
 Obourg, Belgium            
 2028                       
 1.1M                       
 Tons of CO2 captured p.a.  
 ECAPT-RHÔNE                 KODECO
 Le Teil, France             Koroma?no, Croatia
 2028                        2028
 0.2M                        0.4M
 Tons of CO2 captured p.a.   Tons of CO2 captured p.a.
 CARBOCLEARTECH              OLYMPUS
 Martres, France             Milaki, Greece
 2030-2035                   2029
 0.7M                        1.0M
 Tons of CO2 captured p.a.   Tons of CO2 captured p.a.


Advancing Europe’s decarbonization

At its Obourg GO4ZERO groundbreaking, Holcim confirmed its commitment to advancing Europe’s decarbonization at the core of its industrial competitiveness, while building broad-based industry coalitions to shape new value chains.

Holcim is currently piloting the broadest range of CCUS technologies - from capture and CO2 treatment to transportation and storage - to bring these technologies to market at scale in a competitive way.

In addition to Holcim’s seven European projects benefiting from EU Innovation Fund grants, we count 10 further projects in early stage development to make CCUS a reality at scale across key markets worldwide.

“Thanks to the tremendous leadership here today, Holcim is embarking on the road to climate action, innovation and competitiveness. This is the industrial translation of the EU’s Green Deal.”

WOPKE HOEKSTRA, European Commissioner for Climate, Net Zero and Clean Growth at Holcim’s GO4ZERO groundbreaking

HOLCIM’S 10 CCUS PROJECTS IN EARLY STAGE DEVELOPMENT

Mannersdorf, Austria

Beli Izvor, Bulgaria

Saint-Pierre-la-Cour, France

Höver, Germany

Câmpulung, Romania

Carboneras, Spain

Cauldon, UK

Exshaw, Canada

Portland, U.S.

Ste. Genevieve, U.S.

Robust partnerships and value chains

Our advanced CCUS roadmap positions us as the right partner to scale up net-zero cement around the world. Close collaboration between public authorities, private companies, local stakeholders and other value chain partners is essential to unlock the business case for CCUS and enable a net-zero future.

Factors impacting the value chain include the availability of CO2 infrastructure, proximity to ports, renewable power and water supply, nearby chemical or plastics industries and the feasibility of on- or offshore CO2 storage.

Holcim is leveraging proven technologies and tailoring pathways and groundbreaking value chains based on local conditions. Working with other private companies and startups, we have a portfolio of diverse, cost-effective solutions that we scale across the company.

“Holcim is on course to make net-zero cement and concrete a reality at scale this decade - thanks to the strength of our engineering teams, our mature technologies and partnerships that span the value chain.”

MILJAN GUTOVIC, Chief Executive Officer

Addressing potential impacts of CCUS

Holcim is at the forefront of developing CCUS technologies, with the broadest range of projects within the industry.

Holcim is thoroughly assessing the potential impacts of these technologies on the environment and the communities where we operate throughout the full value chain:

Energy and water consumption of CCUS installations.

Potential impacts on communities with regard to onshore storage solutions.

Impact on Holcim’s Scope 3 emissions

? Read about our climate and nature risks and opportunities from page 214

8M

Tons of net-zero cement will be produced annually from 2030

Co-funded by the European Union

Emissions Trading System

Innovation Fund

CCUS GROUNDBREAKING

In April and May 2024, we broke ground on two of our flagship CCUS projects - Carbon2Business (Lägerdorf, Germany) and GO4ZERO (Obourg, Belgium). Both have been awarded grants by the European Union (EU) Innovation Fund and will support our commitment to making net-zero cement and concrete a reality at scale this decade.

Guests at the ceremonies included EU, national and local politicians as well as project partners.

“Here in Lägerdorf we see how it can be done: decarbonizing production to deliver climate-neutral cement and concrete,” Dr. Robert Habeck, Vice Chancellor of Germany, Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Action, at the Lägerdorf groundbreaking ceremony.

NEW GRANT AWARD

In 2024, Holcim was selected for a new grant from the EU Innovation Fund for its breakthrough carbon capture and storage project in Martres-Tolosane, France. This grant for our CarboClearTech project brought the number of Holcim’s large-scale EU-supported CCUS projects to seven, advancing the European Green Deal.

CarboClearTech is a carbon capture and storage system that will be installed at the Martres-Tolosane plant. The system will sequester 700,000 tons of residual CO2 emissions, enabling the plant to reach net zero by 2031. As the first CO2 capture site in Southwest Europe, it brings this vital technology to the region and contributes to its sustainable growth.

ADVANCING SMART DESIGN

Leveraging strategic partnerships with academia and industrial partners, we advance smart design to build better with less.

Partnering with academia

Holcim is leveraging key strategic partnerships to advance technologies that reduce “upfront carbon” - the carbon emitted during the construction of buildings - which accounts for 10% of global carbon emissions.

We partner with leading academic institutions around the world - from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and the MIT Climate & Sustainability Consortium to the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH).

Smart design allows us to build better with less, by using just the right amount of materials in the most appropriate parts of a structure, and unlocks significant CO2 savings.

By embracing smart design at an early stage in projects, we can reduce structural mass. This reduces vertical loads, which can in turn reduce mass further. Known as the “virtuous circle of design improvement”, this helps us to achieve the optimal design.

Together with other efficiency gains in construction and concrete industrialization, smart design will reduce our absolute Scope 1 emissions by 26% by 2050, on our pathway to net zero by that date (see page 69).

CARBON PRESTRESSED CONCRETE PIONEER

GRÜZE INNOVATION LAB, WINTERTHUR

Working with the Swiss city of Winterthur, Holcim pioneered the use of carbon prestressed concrete (CPC) to build the Grüze Innovation Lab - a 120-m2 pavilion that functions as an information center, event location and workshop for sustainable construction.

The lab opened in spring 2024, and is not only one of the world’s first CPC buildings - made using delicate yet resilient reusable panels designed by Holcim - but is also the first CPC structure built using a new construction method developed by CPC AG and Zurich University of Applied Sciences.

Made by Holcim using a proprietary process, the CPC panels are reinforced with thin, prestressed carbon strands. Due to carbon’s high tensile strength and non-corrosive properties, we can produce slim, durable load-bearing elements.

This patented technology unlocks design possibilities and offers material savings of up to 75%, while reducing CO2 emissions two to three times. The lab is also pioneering a “sharing” model, whereby Holcim loans out the CPC panels to the city for an annual fee.

• Read more online

Pushing the boundaries of 3D Printing

By empowering smart design, 3D printing can reduce material use by up to 50%, with no compromise in terms of performance, while significantly lowering a building or structure’s carbon footprint.

In 2024, we worked with A3D Building to build Spain’s first 3D printed office building at our Torres de la Alameda site. Using 3D concrete printing, we unlocked freedom of design and form, and achieved time, cost and material savings, as well as sustainability benefits.

Stemming from Holcim’s global Better Workplaces program, the new 127-m2 office space was built using our TectorPrint mortar, which is formulated for ultra-fast 3D robotic printing. The floor and roof were built with ECOPact, and solar panels will cover all its energy needs.

With our partners, we have used 3D printing to build everything from schools in Malawi and affordable housing in Kenya, to Switzerland’s first on-site 3D printed concrete building and wind turbine bases.

CIRCULARITY

CIRCULAR LIVING

A circular economy decouples global growth from use of primary raw materials.

The world’s current rate of resource use is unsustainable, and we are set to consume 2.3 planets by 20401. To stay within our planet’s boundaries, we need to change the way we build. That is why we travel the world with a a call to action - to drive circular building and living.

Empowering circular cities

With almost 70% of the world’s population expected to live in cities by 20502 , cities can play a vital role in helping us shift from a linear, take-make-waste economy to a circular, reduce-recycle-regenerate one.

Through sustainable building solutions such as ECOPact concrete, we enable sustainable building. We contribute to infrastructure that enables green mobility, from metros to railways and roads.

Elevate roofing and insulation systems improve buildings’ energy efficiency and achieve the most advanced sustainability certifications, while Malarkey has diverted millions of rubber tires and billions of plastic bags from landfill by upcycling them into roofing shingles.

RACING FOR CIRCULARITY

VENDÉE GLOBE 2024

In November 2024, the skipper of Team Holcim-PRB, Nicolas Lunven, embarked on his first Vendée Globe - a solo, nonstop and unassisted round-the-world voyage. The 10th edition was the largest yet, with 40 boats and skippers representing 11 nationalities. After 75 days at sea, Nicolas finished in sixth place - an incredible achievement.

Thanks to the OceanPack onboard our IMOCA sailing boat, Nicolas collected up to 25,000 water samples daily from the most remote places on the planet - including Point Nemo, where anyone who visits is closer to astronauts on the International Space Station than to other human beings on Earth. This data from the South Pacific Ocean, which is currently scarce, will help scientists better understand the health of our oceans.

These water samples are analyzed using OceanPack, an autonomous monitoring system optimized for racing vessels. It measures levels of carbon dioxide, oxygen, salinity and temperature, to shed light on the impact of climate change on our oceans.

1 World Business Council for Sustainable Development report, 26 September 2022.

2 UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs: “2018 Revision of World Urbanization Prospects”

From green roofs to urban gardens enabled by Hydromedia water-permeable concrete, we are bringing more nature into cities, improving air quality, reducing urban temperatures and enhancing people’s well-being.

ECOCycle® enables us to recycle up to 100% of construction demolition materials across a broad range of applications, from decarbonized raw materials in low-carbon cement through to aggregates and concrete.

GO CIRCULAR: From Sea to City

With GO CIRCULAR, Team Holcim-PRB sails the world to preserve our oceans, with a call to action to accelerate the shift to circular building and living.

During the last edition of The Ocean Race, the team gathered scientific data as part of the largest-ever marine science program during a sports event, collecting over four million data points. These water and air samples were shared with the World Meteorological Organization.

Team Holcim-PRB did the same during the Vendée Globe 2024, collecting up to 25,000 samples each day with the help of the OceanPack.

Circular Explorer

The Circular Explorer is our 100% solar-powered catamaran, designed to recover and recycle plastic waste in the ocean and rivers, educate communities and advance marine research. It is currently operating in Manila Bay in the Philippines. Watch the Ocean Titans episode about the Circular Explorer:

• holcim.com/circular-explorer

“Teamwork is what makes success possible in the Vendée Globe. The same is true when it comes to making circular living a reality.”

NICOLAS LUNVEN, Skipper, Team Holcim-PRB

REGENERATIVE REVOLUTION

We need to transform our cities to be regenerative by design, to ensure a thriving future for people and the planet.

Unleashing a “Regenerative Revolution”

Almost 70% of people worldwide will live in cities by 2050, which means they lie at the heart of our transition to a sustainable, circular, and resilient future. We need to ensure that we design and build cities in a regenerative way for those who live in them.

This demands a regenerative revolution, with spaces designed to improve living standards, make cities more resilient and serve society. Taking this approach is about bringing nature into cities and putting people at the core of the built environment.

Together with Systemiq, we published a report titled “Unleashing a Regenerative Revolution for the Built Environment”, calling for the built environment to accelerate positive impact for people and the planet. In the report, we set out the case for change, and how we can work together across the construction sector to make this the new normal.

What is a regenerative city?

A regenerative business model for the built environment evolves over time, is people-centric, well integrated with nature, and rooted in place.

THE BIG U - NEW YORK

New York’s Big U project is setting the standard for regenerative building, as coastal cities worldwide recognize the need to become more climate resilient.

In 2012, Hurricane Sandy hit Manhattan, causing significant damage to buildings and infrastructure. In response, a group of architects, environmental groups, and policy experts conceived the Big U, a 16-kilometer protective ribbon to encircle Manhattan’s southern tip. Holcim’s sustainable building solutions are being used in the East Side Coastal Resiliency (ESCR) section of the BIG U, to provide high structural strength in walls, and create parks and pathways.

The innovative project is nature-based. Listening to the needs of the local community, it incorporates outdoor spaces and reconnects residents with the natural ecosystem around them. Big U has improved the health and well-being of those living in Lower Manhattan and increased the city’s resilience.

“A regenerative revolution in the built environment offers a way of doing better business, while delivering benefits to people, nature and climate.”

JEREMY OPPENHEIM, Founder and Managing Partner Systemiq

• Read more online

Evolution over time

Regenerative approaches do not aim to deliver outcomes by strict time deadlines. Rather, they are designed to include feedback loops, giving them the flexibility to adapt continuously and be resilient to their ever-changing economic, social and environmental circumstances.

Focused on people’s needs

The ultimate purpose of built structures is to meet the needs of their users for shelter, security, comfort, creativity, connectivity or enterprise. Putting the needs and wishes of users at the center of the planning and design process can create structures that uplift and improve human beings’ daily experiences.

Integrated with nature

Restoring the connections between people and their natural surroundings regenerates their health and well-being. Regenerative places originate from living systems thinking, which respects planetary boundaries and favors nature-based solutions. Designed as living systems, they restore the connections between people and their surrounding natural environment.

Rooted in place

Urban environments that regenerate lives and livelihoods deepen the sense of connection between people and the places where they live, work and play. They are informed by an intimate understanding of local history, ecology and culture to reflect the unique essence of their place.

SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION

Advancing sustainable construction with the Holcim Foundation and Holcim Sustainable Construction Academy.

Holcim Foundation for Sustainable Construction

The Holcim Foundation for Sustainable Construction has supported and connected innovators in the built environment for two decades. In 2024, the Foundation created new platforms to share knowledge and promote best practices in sustainable construction.

Holcim Foundation Awards

Following the announcement of the 2023 Awards winning projects, the Foundation launched a monthly Awards Webinar series in 2024, giving a voice to winning teams from across the globe. With over 2,000 participants across live and recorded sessions, the webinars covered innovative approaches to decarbonization in construction, equitable community design and nature-based solutions.

In addition, several Awards Talks events visited winning projects, conducting panel discussions with project teams and industry experts. These events showcased real-life projects, sparking dialog on the challenges and opportunities of sustainable design. The new Words with Winners short film series also showcased groundbreaking projects from past Holcim Foundation Awards winners.

The Holcim Foundation Awards is the world’s most significant prize in sustainable design, focusing on environmental, social, economic and contextual sustainability. Open every two years, the competition will announce a new cohort of winners in 2025.

Supporting future agents of change

The Foundation expanded its educational efforts, focusing on next-generation changemakers with the first regional Holcim Foundation Fellowship in New York for North America. Over two weeks, 15 emerging leaders from built environment disciplines took part in workshops, site visits and discussions centered on decarbonization at scale. Bridging academia and practice, more fellowships will follow in 2025 in collaboration with universities across Latin America, the Middle East, Africa and Europe.

“I was blown away by the passion, intelligence and creativity of the first group of Holcim Foundation Fellows.”

DAVID BENJAMIN

Academic Lead, Holcim Foundation Fellowship Columbia University GSAPP

HOLCIM SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION ACADEMY

We launched the Holcim Sustainable Construction Academy in 2024 to engage built environment professionals - architects, urban planners, engineers and more - to integrate the principles of sustainable and regenerative design.

A free online training program, the academy equips participants with all the tools they need to measure the impact of their building project. Starting early in the design process, it guides them through to a more in-depth understanding of construction materials, knowledge of the latest design and material innovations and systems that support circularity.

Experts from Holcim Group and Holcim Innovation Center collaborated with professors from the University of Cambridge, ETH Zurich, and architects and engineers from ARUP, Ramboll, Zaha Hadid Architects, Henning Larsen and others to design the curriculum. The modules are Continuing Professional Development (CPD) certified and, upon completion, participants receive a shareable certificate.

• holcimacademy.com

“I am proud to have contributed to the Holcim Sustainable Construction Academy, which has the potential to make a lasting impact on our industry and planet.”

DR. JOHN ORR, Professor of Structural Engineering, University of Cambridge

NATURE

BUILDING A NATURE-POSITIVE FUTURE

Holcim takes a measurable, science-driven approach to nature, from our biodiversity indicator system to our freshwater ecosystems and nature-friendly building solutions.

Contributing to a nature-positive future

Holcim is committed to contributing to a nature-positive future. Going beyond traditional rehabilitation, we transform local ecosystems to increase the resilience of our planet and society.

Enhancing biodiversity

Our approach to enhancing biodiversity involves working with nature to accelerate restoration. We harness natural processes, endemic species and local adaptation, and account for the landscape and conservation context.

Our biodiversity targets are based on progressive transformative rehabilitation plans and measured by a scientific methodology developed in partnership with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

In 2024 we reached our milestone of assessing 100% of our biodiversity baseline in all our active and non-active quarries (excluding quarries in the process of divestment such as quarries in the U.S. and Canada). Our other commitments include a higher biodiversity index measured with the Biodiversity Indicator and Reporting System (BIRS) by 2030.

BIRS enables us to identify risks and opportunities to improve the effectiveness of the actions we put in place to increase biodiversity by 2030. In 2024, Holcim successfully worked with IUCN to assess the quality of the BIRS baseline process. As a next step, IUCN will help Holcim identify opportunities to improve our biodiversity index.

SCIENCE-BASED TARGETS FOR NATURE

At COP16 Convention on Biological Diversity, Holcim was named by the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) as one of the first three companies in the world to adopt science-based targets for nature. This science-based target-setting, starting with freshwater, is a significant milestone in advancing ambitious and measurable corporate action for nature. It follows a year-long SBTN pilot program, for which Holcim was one of 17 companies selected globally and the only company in its sector.

Holcim’s granular water data enabled it to set an ambitious target of a 39% reduction in freshwater withdrawals by 2030 in its direct operations in the Moctezuma basin in Mexico, compared to an average 2022-2023 baseline.

“We’re pleased to see companies like Holcim leading the way by publicly adopting the world’s first science-based targets beyond climate, demonstrating that a clear and credible pathway for ambitious action for nature is possible.”

ERIN BILLMAN, Executive Director

Science Based Targets Network

Water

Since freshwater is a finite resource, we aim to reduce water intensity throughout our operations. We are prioritizing our actions in high water-risk areas, tailoring our solutions to local conditions.

Our commitments include: committing to lowering water intensity across business lines, with a 33% reduction in cement, 20% in aggregates and 15% in ready-mix concrete.

Restoring ecosystems

We are committed to promoting healthy habitats, with local, site-based rehabilitation plans to safeguard natural resources and restore ecosystems.

At Glensanda Quarry in Scotland, we planted a 64-hectare native woodland to restore habitats that have been in decline over the last few decades. This 105,000-tree plantation supports the re-establishment of the country’s temperate rainforest.

In partnership with the municipal government, technical organizations and civil society, our team in Argentina launched a 2.4-hectare reforestation project on the Alto Comedero riverside in Jujuy by planting 1,300 specimens of native flora. The project replenishes freshwater by retaining runoff, restores a degraded ecosystem, improves soil quality, enhances biodiversity, improves water quality, and reduces the downstream flooding risk.

We are working with partners such as the University of Patras and IUCN to improve our biodiversity levels at our Araxos Quarry in Greece. The site is a birdwatching paradise thanks to a nesting area for migratory protected birds, and a year-round shelter for many species, including endemic amphibians and reptiles.

We partnered with Landcare Australia to support foreshore and riparian restoration in Perth, helping to mitigate water quality threats. On the eastern seaboard, our Beenleigh Quarry team successfully completed the Protected Plant project, ensuring no net loss (NNL) of a vulnerable plant species, the Slender Milkvine. 

 SPECIFIC FRESHWATER WITHDRAWAL   BIODIVERSITY                                                          GLOBAL LEADERSHIP
 277                              100%                                                                  SCIENCE BASED TARGETS NETWORK
 L/ton of cementitious material   Biodiversity baselines assessed using BIRS methodology                GLOBAL COMMONS ALLIANCE
 2023: 298 L/ton                  (excluding quarries in process of divestment such as U.S. & Canada)   One of the first three companies with targets validated by SBTN


Preserving freshwater ecosystems

Holcim implements freshwater replenishment programs beyond our site boundaries, and supports water access and sanitation, to benefit local communities and nature.

Reviving an iconic river in Costa Rica

Our team in Costa Rica joined forces with the National Alliance of Rivers and Basins to rehabilitate the Agua Caliente River and restore its importance as a natural and tourist resource.

We are doing this by using clay spheres made by community volunteers. Loaded with microorganisms, the spheres purify water and rehabilitate deteriorated aquatic ecosystems. Holcim also created the Citizen Water Observatory, which trains and empowers the community to monitor and protect local water sources.

Tackling water scarcity in Algeria

Zeghad, a village 240 kilometers east of Algeria’s capital Algiers, is in a region of extreme water scarcity. Village inhabitants previously had no access to running water. They either had to purchase water tanks at prices some could not afford or walk considerable distances to reach water points. Holcim’s team at our M’Sila plant installed water pipes from the plant’s water wells to the village center, and built a fountain that provides water for domestic and drinking purposes, for people and livestock.

Thanks to this project, water supply to the villagers has reached 2,200 m3 per month, with water quality certified by annual controls. Additionally, we planted new green areas, including herb gardens.

Reducing freshwater withdrawals in Ecuador

In Ecuador, we partnered with a local brewery and beverage manufacturer to reduce freshwater withdrawals at our two concrete plants in Guayaquil, Ecuador. The project uses 69,000 m3 of treated wastewater from the two companies for concrete production over a five-year period.

This initiative promotes responsible water management, focusing on its optimal use and preservation, reducing freshwater use and effectively managing wastewater. By September 2024, we had achieved a reduction of 15.99 l/m3 , representing 5% of the segment’s total consumption nationwide, and the equivalent consumption of 2,520 people or 28 Olympic-sized swimming pools.

SUPPORTING NATURE WITH OUR SOLUTIONS

We are committed to developing solutions that support nature and bring more of it into cities.

Our innovative bio-active concrete solutions, for example, help rehabilitate damaged coastal ecosystems. In the Philippines, Holcim supplied rrreefs, a Swiss startup, with ECOPlanet cement to create 500 concrete base elements. Sitting off the coast in Pujada Bay near Mati city, these will hold 820 3D-printed artificial reef modules produced by rrreefs. In Mexico, we deployed more than 20 volunteers and donated ECOPlanet Prime to create bio-active reefs that will restore the corals of Isla Contoy National Park. This has enabled the restoration and reproduction of nearly 450 corals.

Green roofs play an essential role in bringing nature into cities and improving urban biodiversity. Leading by example, ZinCo’s green roof systems were used to construct a large roof terrace with intensive greening and balconies at the company’s new head office in Germany.

“We are excited to collaborate with Holcim to strengthen the foundation of our reef system and inspire further action towards a nature-positive future.”

JOSEPHINE GRAF

rrreefs Co-Founder

Toward a nature-positive built environment

The business case for taking action to address nature loss has never been clearer. We partner with leading NGOs, coalitions and other actors in the built environment value chain to share and transfer knowledge that will accelerate the shift to a nature-positive built environment. In 2024, we collaborated on a variety of publications to inspire corporate action on nature.

• Read more about how we are building a nature-positive future

ADVOCACY POSITIONS AND TRANSPARENCY

Holcim is committed to advocating for public policy frameworks that are fully aligned with the 1.5°C Paris Agreement.

Introduction

In 2020, Holcim joined the UN Global Compact’s Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign, committing to align its targets and actions with the 1.5°C framework. This commitment was translated into robust, SBTi-validated targets for 2030 and 2050, in line with the 1.5°C science-based framework. It forms part of Holcim’s climate advocacy and engagement, to ensure alignment with the global ambition of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.

To meet its ambitious climate targets, Holcim closely collaborates with stakeholders, partners and policymakers. It advocates for forward-looking policy frameworks that facilitate the development of business cases to drive innovation, establish new industrial value chains, and scale up the deployment of circular and low-carbon solutions globally, thereby contributing to the global 1.5°C ambitions.

Holcim’s commitment to the 1.5°C ambition is fully reflected in our public policy positions, which are further described in this chapter as well as in our Climate Policy Advocacy and Engagement report.

Climate policy positions

Holcim actively addresses global and specific climate policy issues through close collaboration with policymakers, partners and key stakeholders. We are committed to promoting public policy frameworks that are anchored in circular economy principles, aligned with the Paris Agreement’s 1.5°C target, that enable innovative and competitive green growth. Our 2024 policy priorities are outlined on the following pages.

Competitive green growth and carbon costs

Decarbonization is at the heart of our industrial and commercial strategy through the deployment at scale of advanced innovative technologies, such as CCUS, and the introduction of low-carbon solutions, such as ECOPact concrete, on construction markets globally. The competitive deployment of such technologies and products is facilitated by policy measures such as carbon pricing or emissions trading schemes. In that regard, Holcim advocates for a level playing field on carbon costs internationally. Initiatives such as the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) in Europe, fair state aid rules for energy-intensive sectors and dynamic carbon pricing are critical to scaling decarbonization efforts.

Support advanced decarbonization technologies

Holcim is driving the broadest range of decarbonization technologies in the industry. These span the utilization of innovative low-emission raw materials, such as calcined clay and recycled decarbonized cement paste, to fossil fuel-free energy and CCUS.

Recognizing that no single solution will be perfectly scalable everywhere due to varying technological, geological and legislative conditions, we emphasize the need for a regulatory framework that is flexible and clearly defined. This requires adequate funding, simplified application and flexibility within existing financial tools, plus de-risking mechanisms, to incentivize first movers.

Secure access to competitive decarbonized energy

We advocate for the development and deployment of sustainable and decarbonized energy solutions. Securing access to competitive decarbonized energy sources is essential to enable industrial decarbonization at scale. To accelerate the transition, we urge: (1) A well-functioning electricity market with access at scale based on competitive prices. (2) Accelerated investments in renewable energy assets via faster permitting procedures. (3) Sustained access to non-recyclable and biomass waste as alternative fuels.

Foster demand for low-carbon products

Holcim is at the forefront of driving the transition to low-carbon, circular construction by delivering innovative sustainable products and solutions on a global scale. Introducing them to the market requires a dynamic standardization framework supported by enabling building codes and progressive public procurement practices, while integrating sustainability performance alongside traditional metrics such as safety, performance, durability and affordability.

Advance mandatory human rights and environmental due diligence

We take a whole-society approach to reaching net zero, respecting labor and human rights while creating stimulating jobs. We are committed to decarbonization in line with the Just Transition principles, assessing and addressing the impacts of our journey to net zero on four key stakeholder groups: our people, our suppliers, our communities and our customers (see pages 104-105).

As part of its climate policy engagement, Holcim supports the implementation of regulatory frameworks that require mandatory human rights and environmental due diligence. Establishing common legal requirements, such as those proposed at European Union level, ensures consistent standards across industries. It also ensures that efforts made by companies to respect people and the planet are not undermined by the lack of uniform standards. Such regulatory frameworks increase legal certainty and ensure a competitive level playing field, to the benefit of the environment and of local communities.

Climate policy advocacy governance

Holcim’s climate advocacy is led by Group Public Affairs, supported by Group Sustainability and regional experts. Our approach consists of defining priorities aligned with the 1.5°C agenda and scalable actions as well as sharing advocacy guidance through a public affairs network for consistent local engagement.

Governed by a “Responsible Lobbying Directive”, Holcim commits to dealing transparently and fairly in all its lobbying activities and complies with all applicable laws. This includes adherence to public codes of conduct and lobbying registers, where those exist. For example, Holcim’s climate advocacy activities are disclosed in the EU Transparency Register. Furthermore, participation in industry and business associations is subject to mandatory compliance training and regular review.

“We can be very proud of what Holcim is doing here in Belgium. The greenest cement in the world will be produced here.”

ALEXANDER DE CROO, Prime Minister of Belgium (Oct 2020 to Feb 2025

Direct climate policy advocacy

Our advocacy efforts have centered on amplifying climate action through direct engagement with policymakers, contributing to relevant policy developments and forming strategic partnerships.

Engaging on specific policy developments

We are actively engaged in the development of ambitious and enabling climate policy frameworks. At a global level, we are proactively involved in relevant frameworks, such as the Basel Convention on the Transboundary Movement of Waste and the revision of its Annex IVB. At a regional level, in Europe we actively contribute to the development of innovative policy frameworks such as the EU’s Industrial Carbon Management Strategy and the Net Zero Industry Act, which were both adopted in 2024.

Engaging at global events

Holcim engages proactively during global events throughout the year. In 2024, this included the Buildings and Climate Global Forum (Paris, France), the EU’s Industrial Carbon Management Forum (Pau, France) and the UNFCCC’s COP29 (Baku, Azerbaijan). We foster regulatory developments and cross-sectoral collaboration that enable the decarbonization of industrial activities, products and solutions, as well as the built environment value chain.

Forming strategic partnerships and alliances

To further advance global advocacy for low-carbon and circular construction, we joined key coalitions, including the Circular Leaders Group of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, and took on a leadership role as co-chair of the Focus Group Sustainability & Circularity of the Davos Baukultur Alliance, hosted by the Swiss Confederation.

Climate advocacy in action (indirect)

We promote our commitment to the Paris Agreement and net-zero targets by collaborating with partners and trade associations including Cembureau and GCCA, with a view to shaping Paris-aligned climate policies locally and globally.

By way of example, in 2024, we contributed to the launch of global definitions for low-carbon cement and concrete at COP29, based on frameworks from the IEA and UNIDO’s IDDI, to drive low-carbon cement and concrete demand.

Advocacy through multi-stakeholder collaboration

In 2024, we collaborated with global organizations such as World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), World Green Building Council (WGBC), European Roundtable for Industries (ERT) and World Economic Forum (WEF), to drive industrial and built-environment decarbonization, supporting circular economy principles and the Paris Agreement.

At COP29, Holcim joined calls for global policy action to boost demand for low-carbon materials and transformative climate policies.

Industry associations review

Holcim is committed to ensuring that our advocacy through trade associations is aligned with the Paris Agreement and Holcim’s positions. We conduct an annual trade association review focused on:

Support for the Paris Agreement’s climate ambition and net-zero agenda.

Support for carbon pricing mechanisms.

The need to develop 2050 decarbonization roadmaps.

Acceptance of the need to deploy advanced technologies, including CCUS.

Support for the creation of demand-pull policies for low-carbon products.

We are committed to working with our trade associations to accelerate that journey. We address misalignment with associations or, if necessary, reconsider our membership.

Additional details regarding our climate advocacy and our trade association review are available in our Climate Policy Engagement Report.

• Read more about our Climate Policy Engagement Report

JUST TRANSITION

We take a whole-society approach to reaching net zero, respecting labor and human rights while creating decent jobs.

Decarbonizing in line with the Just Transition

We are committed to decarbonization in line with the Just Transition principles, assessing and addressing the impacts of our journey to net zero on four key stakeholder groups: our people, our suppliers, our communities and our customers.

Holcim is committed to fostering a Just Transition where the well-being of our key stakeholders is prioritized. Our Just Transition commitments ensure the most equal and inclusive solutions for progress toward our net-zero journey to decarbonize the built environment.

By promoting a fair and holistic approach, Holcim seeks to ensure that everyone, including people from marginalized and disadvantaged groups, has the opportunity to lead fulfilling and sustainable lives characterized by dignity, inclusivity and empowerment.

Our Just Transition plan

Our comprehensive Just Transition plan will represent our commitment to implementing a series of substantive actions as we transition to a low-carbon economy. These actions will be designed to support our key stakeholders, such as employees, unions, communities, suppliers and customers throughout our decarbonization projects.

UPSKILLING PEOPLE

EMPOWERING OUR WORKFORCE IN BELGIUM

As part of our GO4ZERO project in Obourg, Belgium (see page 74), we launched an extensive upskilling and reskilling program that will run until 2027. Targeting approximately 170 employees, from factory workers to managers at the plant, this initiative reflects our commitment to a Just Transition by equipping our people with the necessary skills to drive operational excellence and achieve our strategic goals.

A key focus is on technical training delivered through workplace learning, which will ensure hands-on experience in real-world operational contexts. To prepare employees for this phase, group tools such as iCecil will be used during e-learning sessions, offering a seamless transition into practical applications.

Beyond technical expertise, the program incorporates soft skills development to foster a future-ready workforce capable of navigating dynamic environments.

• Read more about the Just Transition at Holcim

Our employees

We are committed to supporting our employees and empowering them with the necessary skills to thrive in a rapidly evolving net-zero future. To ensure the successful implementation of our decarbonization projects with a highly engaged workforce, we provide initiatives such as comprehensive training, reskilling and upskilling opportunities, redeployment options and fair compensation packages.

Our suppliers

Holcim’s principles of respect for human and labor rights, protecting the environment and our commitments to climate and nature are integral to how we work with our suppliers. As part of this effort, we are engaging our suppliers to identify and manage the environmental impact of their operations and the life cycle of products and services we purchase from them. We focus our efforts on products and services that have the highest impact on climate, water, air emissions, waste, biodiversity and land use.

Our customers

To help our customers build better with less, we are developing low-carbon and recycled products and solutions worldwide. We are becoming a global leader in roofing with systems spanning cool, green and solar-enabling roofs. We drive cutting-edge innovation for customers, from 3D printing to ultra-high-strength concrete. The Holcim Sustainable Construction Academy improves knowledge of sustainable construction practices to accelerate the transition to net zero.

Our communities

Holcim remains fully committed to creating a positive social impact in the communities where we operate. We aim to decarbonize while providing high-value jobs, increased affordable housing and skills development. We promote sustainable development through innovative building materials and solutions to enable our communities to thrive in safe and resilient environments.

PEOPLE

HOLCIM PEOPLE

In 2024 we introduced the Holcim Spirit, with Purpose, People and Performance at the core of our strategy.

The Holcim Spirit

We are proud to connect our people to our shared purpose: building progress for the people and the planet, with sustainability and innovation at the core of our strategy. We are constantly aiming to create the best workplace where talent is nurtured, diversity is celebrated and health and safety is a top priority. Our 65,000 people worldwide are reinforcing our culture of performance and value creation for our people, customers and shareholders, every single day.

Progress through a culture of respect

Our approach empowers all our countries to cultivate practices that balance the equitable treatment of our workforce with the demands of our operations, customers and communities. This resolution is stated in our Group People Policy, where it reinforces our commitment to put our employees at the center of what we do.

Our policy is adaptable to align with local regulations while upholding its fundamental principles of fairness, respect, and the safeguarding of human rights, as well as preventing child labor. Should the need arise, we will refine the policy to comply with local laws, while preserving its essence. Our Human Rights Policy and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Standard further strengthen our approach to integrity and fair treatment.

Growth through learning and development

Growth starts with all of us. And it starts with development opportunities for all our people who are encouraged to take charge of their own careers.

Launch of Holcim University

We were proud to launch the Holcim University in 2024, a one-stop destination where business schools, functional academies, forums and online learning converge under one global brand. Its objective is to provide more and transparent growth opportunities to all employees, from Early Career to Middle Management and Senior Leaders. 

 500+          21%                                85%
 P&L leaders   Women in senior leadership roles   Internal promotion rate across Senior Leaders


 HOLCIM GLOBAL LEADERSHIP PROGRAMS                                                                                                             
 SENIOR LEADERS BUSINESS SCHOOL      Driving strategy execution                                 On-site           200                          
                                                                                                3 days            senior leaders participated  
 ADVANCED LEADERS BUSINESS SCHOOL    Preparing the organization's senior leadership             Live online       123                           Total
                                                                                                5 sessions        completed                    
                                                                                                                  (+98%)1                      
 EMERGING LEADERS BUSINESS SCHOOL    Nurturing leaders to lead the way in accelerating growth   Live online       643                           1,667
                                                                                                4-month journey   completed                     leaders trained by end of 2024
                                                                                                                  (+48%)1                      
 EARLY CAREER LEADERSHIP PROGRAM     Building the next generation of leaders                    Live online       701                          
                                                                                                6-month journey   completed                    
                                                                                                                  (+36%)1                      


1 Leaders trained by end 2023/2024 (year-on-year change).

Our well-established and highly successful business schools continue to deliver outstanding results. Talents from Early Career through to Middle Management and Senior Leaders are being educated by best-in-class educational providers such as IMD, Ivey, IE and Franklin Covey - in collaboration with our own learning and development experts.

One example is our Early Career Leaders Program, which is equipping the next generation of leaders with the tools, knowledge, skills and experience to become effective leaders. Spanning a six-month period, the program gives participants a unique opportunity to receive coaching, engage in hands-on learning through project work focusing on sustainability, gain exposure to senior management, and more. By the end of 2024, over 700 early career leaders had completed the program.

Our colleagues in more senior roles continue their professional development in the Business School for Emerging Leaders, Advanced Leaders and Senior Leaders.

In addition to our business schools, a variety of functional academies are offered in person or virtually to Middle Managers, Team Leaders and Individual Contributors from all over the world - from finance to sustainability. Our growth catalog holds critical learning opportunities for all our functions. This offering is well complemented by our extensive online library, where thousands of learning modules are freely accessible to all employees, providing just-in-time learning and performance support.

We continue to ensure that development is not only offered through traditional courses (virtual or in person), but also by creating more social dialog and human interaction. Through Collaborative Learning, we provide a variety of alternative learning opportunities. This includes our in-house mentoring platform Career Catalyst, through which Holcim employees get to access mentorship pairings. We also partner with external mentoring and coaching experts such as Advance in Switzerland and CoachHub.

“Holcim University enables all our employees to take ownership of their own careers, and explore new opportunities for development.”

CARMEN DIAZ, Chief People Officer

It all starts with strong leadership

Best-in-class leadership is a key enabler of the Holcim Spirit and Holcim’s success. We do not leave this up to chance, and ensure that our Senior Leaders are being developed on an ongoing basis, where we foster the importance of inclusive leadership.

Every year, we bring our most senior leaders together for the annual Senior Leaders Meeting. In 2024, this event took place in Madrid. Kicked off by our Chief Executive Officer Miljan Gutovic and Chairman Jan Jenisch, and attended by the entire Group Executive Committee, the meeting was an immersive opportunity to celebrate the achievement of our “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth” ambition and launch a new era of growth.

Strategic focus on the right gender balance

Driven by our strategic objective to have 30% of our senior leadership roles held by women by 2030, we continue to promote a diverse and inclusive work environment. Various diversity initiatives have been launched or scaled in 2024 across Holcim, all under the umbrella of The Right Mix, our female empowerment program.

In partnership with Lean In we launched Lean In Girls, with Holcim Iraq as an early adopter, designed to empower girls aged 11-15. We further scaled up Lean In Circles - our network for women to exchange, connect and create “nurture ambassadors”.

Various countries are engaged in activities supporting girls in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), as we aim to increase the future pipeline for women in our industry as a whole. Within our mentoring program Career Catalyst, a dedicated pairing is reserved for women only, called Stronger Together.

ONE YOUNG WORLD 2024

For the fourth year running, Holcim partnered with One Young World (OYW), sponsoring the attendance of 30 internal delegates and five external scholars at the One Young World Summit. Here, scholars drive positive change, develop leadership skills and grow their global networks. Inspired by the summit, they return with new ideas and drive meaningful projects.

At the 2024 summit in Montreal, a team of returning Holcim ambassadors showcased their own idea which they have successfully implemented - Holcim’s Virtual Innovation Hub. Hundreds of visitors experienced the hub through the virtual reality tool at Holcim’s booth, and learned about our innovative and sustainable building solutions.

To date, Holcim has built an internal community of 81 OYW ambassadors. 60% are female and 63% have won internal promotions in the last two years.

Celebrating our diversity

With over 150 nationalities represented within our organization, we aim to celebrate what makes each of us unique and leverage all the cognitive diversity we possess. We celebrate annual events such as General Diversity Awareness month, Movember, Pride and International Women’s Day - to name just a few.

Our multiple Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that enhance visibility for underrepresented groups such as LGBTQ+, people with disabilities or Black, Indigenous and people of color (BIPOC) communities are gaining momentum. At Holcim, we fully empower our ERGs to proactively propose new initiatives or concepts, which we aim to scale and execute globally, whenever possible.

“The Career Catalyst mentoring program was a transformative experience. As a mentor I gained fresh insights, while my mentee flourished in her role with newfound confidence and skills.”

IRMA FLORES, Health & Safety Manager, Holcim Mexico 

 62%                                                                250+
 Promotion rate of One Young World participants in last two years   Participants in Stronger Together female mentorship program


Holcim strives to provide a best workplace for our people, a place where everyone feels welcome, valued and where our performance culture is lived. We regularly benchmark our efforts against top employers in the industry, and review and update our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and People processes to ensure that Holcim is an inclusive workplace.

We have integrated the “Inclusion Index” into our Engagement survey, and have won accolades from the likes of Top Employer and EDGE following external assessments - in locations including Switzerland, Poland, Spain, Colombia, Mexico, France and Slovakia.

In recognition of our progress on gender, age diversity and broader diversity and inclusion, Holcim was named a Financial Times and Statista “Leader in Diversity” and one of Fast Company’s 2024 “Best Workplaces for Innovators”.

Expanding Women on Wheels

Since its launch in 2021, our Women on Wheels (WoW) program has enabled women to become truck drivers, improving their lives as well as those of their families and communities.

In 2024, the number of women driving Holcim trucks across 36 countries increased to more than 950, up 10% from 2023. We launched WoW in Oman, while in Ecuador the program was recognized by the World Economic Forum in the “Guide to Promote Gender Equality in Latin American and Caribbean Companies”. In Australia, Holcim Concrete in Victoria launched a training program to support women to become professional drivers.

Looking ahead, WoW is expanding its reach. In partnership with the University of Villa Maria in Argentina, Holcim is developing a blueprint for female driving schools, set to launch in early 2025.

WoW’s success earned the program numerous awards in 2024. For example, at the Reuters Sustainable Business Awards, WoW won in “Diversity, Equity & Inclusion,” and was also a finalist at the 2024 edie Awards in “Social Sustainability, Diversity & Inclusion”.

Advancing global pay equity and inclusion

While our local teams consistently meet the requirements of local gender pay equity regulations, we went further, using an advanced, recognized statistical regression analysis model to conduct our fourth global assessment.

Our commitment to fair and equitable pay is ongoing, with annual monitoring to reinforce equal pay for equal work and performance - not only between women and men but also across all dimensions of diversity, including ethnic origin, age, religion, ideology, sexual orientation and physical ability. The results of this assessment continue to show encouraging progress, underscoring our dedication to fostering a truly inclusive workplace.

Driving performance through engagement

Living the Holcim Spirit, we are committed to creating an environment with the maximum engagement of our people. Empowering people to voice their views through the Global Employee Engagement Survey (last conducted at the end of 2023), helps us drive meaningful action at country, region and Group levels with everyone’s involvement. Listening to all our 65,000 employees is key, and is of the highest priority for our leaders.

We are committed to continue fostering best leadership practices across Holcim worldwide, and ensuring we apply global standards of employee experience across the entire life cycle - from talent attraction and onboarding to people growth, performance and offboarding.

That is why our purpose-driven performance culture is lived by our people through the Holcim Spirit: Purpose, People and Performance.

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

Our strong culture prioritizes zero harm, environmental excellence and empowered teams.

In 2024, our three-pillar operating model - Critical Risk Management, Workforce Engagement, and Continuous Improvement - drove tangible progress in Health, Safety and Environment (HSE).

Aiming for a zero-harm business

In 2024, our lost-time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) fell to 0.39, with 98% of our sites and 42% of countries reporting zero lost-time injuries (LTIs).

We are deeply saddened that two employees lost their lives in work-related incidents in 2024. Each case was carefully investigated, and corrective measures were implemented to prevent future occurrences. Our top priority is to support affected families and colleagues. Holcim is committed to ensuring a safe, healthy workplace and will not rest until we reach zero.

In 2024, we made progress toward zero environmental impact by completing over 150 projects globally: diverting 63,000 tons of waste from landfill, recycling 1.8 million m3 of water, and reducing Scope 2 CO2 emissions by 45,000 tons. Real-time monitoring systems and focus projects enhanced emissions governance, cutting absolute dust (-42%), SO2 (-1.6%), and NOx (-5.6%) emissions.

Critical risk management

Our critical risk management program targets the 50 highest-risk controls, ensuring they are rigorously reviewed on a quarterly basis. This year, over 76,000 verifications resulted in 7,000+ improvement actions and 150,000 coaching sessions to enhance workforce understanding of our critical controls.

In 2024, we launched the World-Class Energy Isolation Program, mobilizing all countries to implement industry-leading practices.

To date, we have run 500 assessments to develop improvement plans, given 2,000 training hours, and created 24,000 procedures via our homegrown digital platform.

Workforce engagement

Boots on the Ground (BoG), our workforce engagement program, introduced a new module for HSE professionals and executives. Giving access to all HSE stats, it facilitates structured feedback, streamlines visit reporting and enables follow-ups. Our roadmap features AI-powered advancements, including technical inspection modules, digital work permits, and positive recognition.

With over 4.2 million hours dedicated to field activities, the program delivered 670,000 HSE coaching sessions with workers.

Continuous improvement

In 2024 we launched a set of real-time performance dashboards to promote accountability and informed decision making, and we improved incident management tools. WeInvestigate is a new board game to help site teams develop skills and strengthen our safety culture.

Our Health program encompasses initiatives to support the well-being of our employees and their families. The Fitness for Work medical evaluation program is now present in seven Latin American countries. In the UK, one mental health first aider is trained for every 25 employees, providing confidential mental health support to 6,000 employees and contractors.

We conducted 59 comprehensive HSE audits and invested CHF 95 million in HSE improvement projects throughout the year. 

 0.39                                   98%
 2024 lost-time injury frequency rate   Of our sites with no lost-time injuries


TOWARD ZERO ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT

Our journey toward zero environmental impact has become a platform for innovative collaborations with local communities and industries. Here are some highlights from over 160 projects worldwide:

In Guinea, discarded cement bags are transformed into durable school backpacks for kids, reducing waste and creating jobs in recycling.

Our Lägerdorf plant in Germany repurposed process waste into a ground stabilization binder, eliminating the need for landfill.

Our Villaluenga cement plant in Spain meets its water needs by recycling local wastewater, while in Ecuador, our ready-mix plants collaborate with breweries to repurpose discharged water.

In the United Arab Emirates, Holcim’s Fujairah plant maximizes energy efficiency with waste heat recovery systems.

Holcim’s Liverpool, UK, asphalt site piloted air-to-air heat exchangers, a technology we are now implementing in more locations.

In Lebanon, our Chekka plant has transformed unused roof space into a renewable energy hub, generating solar power.

GAMIFYING HSE IMPACT WITH TREASURE HUNT

We have upgraded Treasure Hunt, our annual team competition within our Boots on the Ground app, to amplify its impact on HSE priorities. Employees explore opportunities to improve energy efficiency, water conservation, dust emission reduction and serious safety risk mitigation.

A new micro-learning module leveraging advanced adult learning techniques engages employees with gamified HSE questions. This flexible, interactive format blends education with action, enhancing motivation and competency among supervisors and managers while driving real-world improvements.

In 2024, we introduced the “Champions League”, a global competition sponsored by country, regional, and Group executives, which boosted our results.

Ten thousand employees took part, including over 350 senior managers. We achieved CHF 3.2 million in cost savings, removed 45,000 metric tons of CO2, conserved 1 million m3 of water, mitigated 5,500 dust emission sources and potentially prevented 7,500 serious injuries.

HUMAN RIGHTS AND OUR COMMUNITIES

We are committed to upholding and promoting human rights, while fostering positive social impact in the communities where we operate.

Upholding human rights

Treating people with respect and dignity and providing decent working conditions are the minimum requirements in all our operations, business activities, business relationships and in the communities where we work.

Holcim is committed to adopting internationally recognized human rights frameworks such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. We have actively participated in the UN Global Compact for over two decades.

Our human rights approach

Our Human Rights and Social Policy and Human Rights Directive set out our approach, processes and our salient risks. We have carried out human rights assessments for more than a decade, led either by Group-level experts or at country level. Today, every country where we operate has a human rights assessment process in place with defined action plans. In 2024, 18 impact assessments and 38 self assessments were conducted. All the findings from a human rights assessment and mitigating action plans are recorded in a global system, and are followed up every quarter by the country’s and Group’s human rights experts. 

                                                                  Policy commitment                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                  Human rights and social policy embedded in related policies and processes                                                                                                
 Grievance and remedy                                             CORE ELEMENTS                                                                                                                                                             Identify risks and impacts
 Global, country, site and community level grievance mechanisms   Ongoing due diligence Salient risks                                                                                                                                       Conduct impact/self-assessments
                                                                  Stakeholder engagement Impact assessments Training                                                                                                                        Regular dialog with communities
 Monitor and communicate                                                                                                                      Address adverse impacts                                                                      
 Track effectiveness of responses Communicate on performance                                                                                  Integrate findings in functions, processes. Prioritize salient issues, develop action plans  


REMEDIATION IN MEXICO

In June, heavy rains caused water accumulation at our Orizaba plant in Mexico, resulting in a wall collapsing. This incident resulted in water flowing into the community, damaging furniture in 10 homes. Recognizing our responsibility, we engaged with the affected stakeholders through challenging yet constructive dialog to address grievances.

These efforts led to formal agreements for damage compensation, including fully covering furniture replacement. Beyond immediate remediation, we prioritized long-term solutions by collaborating with the community to rebuild and reinforce the wall, as well as improve internal drainage systems, mitigating future risks. Our proactive approach restored trust and resolved tensions, strengthening our relationship with the local community.

A typical Human Rights Impact Assessment

In 2024, during a Human Rights Impact Assessment (HRIA) in Mexico, we held anonymous and confidential consultations with more than 160 stakeholders at one of the cement plants and a Geocycle sorting station.

These consultations included employees on all levels: contractors, union representatives, representatives of minority groups such as Indigenous people, government officials and representatives of the affected local communities.

The assessment showed that our employees and contractors are proud to work at Holcim and enjoy safe and dignified working conditions. Labor rights are being respected, and the Holcim operating company goes considerably beyond minimum legal requirements in all areas.

Scope for improvement was also identified and reported to the country Executive Committee (ExCo). For example, during the consultations, employees reported that the global grievance mechanism (Integrity Line) was not working. The issue was immediately investigated, fixed and communicated to all internal and external stakeholders. A final report and action plan addressing all findings was shared with the Group’s ExCo.

The impact assessment was carried out by highly experienced and trained Group-level staff who have done similar HRIAs in many parts of the world. Holcim representatives from Argentina, Colombia, Costa Rica and El Salvador, as well as eight people from other plants in Mexico, joined the HRIA to learn the methodology.

“Respect for human rights is fundamental to how we conduct business, and our ability to operate around the world.”

NOLLAIG FORREST, Chief Sustainability Officer

Ongoing stakeholder engagement

Ongoing due diligence, stakeholder engagement and training characterize our human rights approach. Under our country- and Group-level programs, we trained more than 18,000 employees, contractors, community members and other stakeholders in 2024 on human rights topics.

From Group level to our sites, we speak to a wide range of stakeholders, from community members and employees to NGOs and government representatives, to explain company positions, build trust, understand expectations and listen to grievances and concerns.

At and around our sites, we aim to build and maintain regular and constructive relationships with the people who influence our business activities or could be impacted by them. Every cement and grinding site must have a locally managed stakeholder map and engagement plan in place.

Having a Community Advisory Panel is mandatory for cement plants and grinding units and ensures regular exchanges with community representatives. In 2024, 39 countries had an active Community Advisory Panel and 1,856 meetings were held with local stakeholders. Such engagements with relevant stakeholders are mandatory in the planning of any new industrial development (such as a new quarry, for example).

We have a number of mechanisms in place to address stakeholder questions and concerns. Our Integrity Line is an anonymized and confidential grievance mechanism, operated by an external third party. Available in multiple languages, the line serves employees and their families, contractors, suppliers, business partners, customers, community members and other stakeholders. All grievances are investigated and responded to.

• More about our social impact initiatives here

INDIGENOUS RIGHTS

In Canada, we are committed to fostering lasting relationships with Indigenous peoples. Last year, we reaffirmed our partnership with the Whitefish River First Nation in Ontario by signing a new 50-year land lease agreement, reflecting our respect for Indigenous rights and the principle of free, prior and informed consent (FPIC).

Through our partnership with Habitat for Humanity Australia, Holcim donated concrete and materials for the construction of a new refuge in Western Sydney. This emergency transitional accommodation is for Indigenous women and children escaping domestic violence. On the other side of the country, we partnered with local construction company Geraldton Building Services and Cabinets Yurra to supply more than 1,300 m3 of ECOPact concrete for the Short Stay project. It will provide affordable short-stay accommodation for Aboriginal people visiting the region.

Access to adequate housing

Collaborating with NGOs such as Habitat for Humanity and Build Change, we help to address the global housing gap affecting 1.6 billion people. Additionally, we engage in emergency relief initiatives to help communities reconstruct after natural disasters. In 2024, reconstruction and volunteering programs were implemented from Romania and Spain to Mexico, to help rebuild residential, health and educational infrastructure after floods.

Building skills

To improve living standards, we offer skills training in communities such as Barangay Quirino, the Philippines. Here we launched a program in fish processing and baking, upskilling 270 people to support families with no steady livelihoods. In Egypt, we introduced Step-IN, an initiative that lets students complete their final semester as a Holcim intern. The first cohort of 10 students enhanced their skills to prepare them as future leaders.

Female empowerment

Holcim is committed to equal opportunities. In Spain, the Women’s Construction Camp offers free hands-on construction training for women, with 15 participants this year. In Nigeria, our Female Tilers & Block Laying Program empowered 40 women in Lagos, providing skills in tiling, block laying, safety and entrepreneurship. In Morocco, the Loujain cooperative supports rural women, helping them produce and market essential oils and cosmetics, to provide sustainable income streams.

Education

Education is key to empowering communities. In Bazian, Iraq, we installed solar panels at a local school to stabilize the electrical grid, enhancing the educational experience. In Ivory Coast, our Sokouamekro team supported the construction of a new elementary school, training young villagers, including women, to make earth-cement blocks. Now operational, it serves 300 students in the 2024-2025 school year, helping to improve literacy and providing sustainable opportunities for the community.

ESSENTIAL HOMES IN LATIN AMERICA

We are working with Norman Foster to make sustainable building possible for all, scaling a new row house in Latin America in 2025.

How can we best provide safety, comfort and well-being for low-income or displaced communities? The Essential Homes project - with Holcim’s sustainable building solutions inside - is designed by the Norman Foster Foundation to answer this question.

After a first prototype was unveiled at the Venice Biennale in 2023, a new scalable prototype for real-world use was presented at the 2024 Royal Academy Summer Exhibition in London. It has been developed for rollout in Costa Rica in 2025 following an in-depth survey of local housing conditions and the environment.

The Essential Homes in Latin America will be built with local, low-carbon materials - including ECOPact concrete and ECOPlanet cement. A custom, high-performance concrete will be used in the prefabricated roofs, and in line with Holcim’s commitment to circular construction, Essential Homes applications are fully recyclable.

Durable, dignified homes

Essential Homes first grew out of a workshop on refugee housing organized by the Norman Foster Foundation. Realizing that a family can spend up to nearly two decades living in a tent, graduate students posed a challenge: Could a more durable, permanent and dignified home be built in a few days, and be economically viable and sustainable?

“Working with Holcim, we are demonstrating that we can deliver sustainable and dignified housing that has real quality.”

NORMAN FOSTER, President Norman Foster Foundation

SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN

Holcim’s principles of respect for human and labor rights and environmental protection are integral to how we work with our suppliers in all markets.

The standards and principles governing sustainable procurement at Holcim are based on the UN Global Compact Ten Principles, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

The overriding policies that govern Holcim’s approach to deploying responsible business practices in our supply chain are the Supplier Code of Conduct, the Procurement Policy, the Sustainable Procurement Directive and the Workers in the Value Chain Directive.

Commitment to transparency

Holcim’s regular disclosures reflect our due diligence commitments and performance:

Governance: policies, codes of conduct, process, minimum control standards to enforce ESG compliance across all business lines and geographies.

Materiality: Risk-based methodology to identify areas of significant potential ESG impacts or risks.

Performance: KPIs related to our Sustainable procurement actions taken to prevent or mitigate risks and impacts identified.

DUE DILIGENCE TARGET AND PERFORMANCE

88%

of spend with high-ESG impact is with qualified suppliers. Equivalent to approximately 22,000 suppliers worldwide, covering around 60% of our total third-party spend. 

 SUSTAINABLE PROCUREMENT CORE ELEMENTS                                        
 SUPPLIER DUE DILIGENCE                  CLIMATE IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN           NATURE IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN
 • Supplier Code of Conduct              • Sustainable Procurement Directive   • Workers in the Value Chain


Supplier due diligence

In all countries, we have processes in place to identify, prevent and manage potential adverse impacts in our supply chain pertaining to Climate, Nature (biodiversity and water), Health, Safety and Environment (HSE), Security and Resilience (S&R), Social Responsibility, Human Rights, Business Ethics and Legal Compliance.

Holcim applies a periodic supplier prioritization methodology to focus due diligence actions on the main risk procurement categories:

Maintenance and production contracted services.

Raw materials, in particular mining, chemicals and packaging.

Logistics services.

Energy and fuels.

Our due diligence approach begins with the qualification of prioritized suppliers, which consists of regular performance evaluations in the form of self-assessments, fact-finding or audits to verify compliance.

Throughout the process, Holcim engages in dialog with suppliers so that they understand our expectations and how they will be evaluated. 

                       1                                                      
                       Governance, sourcing decisions and supplier selection  
 6                                                                             2
 Communicate                                                                   Identify impact
                                                                               (suppliers ESG/H&S prioritization)
                       DUE                                                    
                       DILIGENCE                                              
                       IN THE SUPPLY                                          
                       CHAIN                                                  
 5                                                                             3
 Monitor performance                                                           Verify compliance
                                                                               (supplier qualification)
                       4                                                      
                       Prevent, Mitigate, Cease                               


 RISK-BASED DUE DILIGENCE IN THREE MAIN STEPS                                     
 (1) IDENTIFY                                   (2) PREVENT                        (3) MITIGATE
 Know who the supplier is                       Verify compliance                  Address non-compliance
 (Risks/Opportunities)                          (Supplier Code of Conduct)         (Risk mitigation)
 Supplier screening/prioritization              Verification levels                Risk mitigation
 1. Products/Services                           1. Self-assessment questionnaire   1. Improvement plans
 2. Business relationship                       2. Fact-finding (evidence)         2. Additional controls
 3. Country risk                                3. Site audits                     3. Supplier replacement
                                                Ongoing performance evaluation    


When a supplier does not meet the requirements, corrective action plans are established and guidance is provided. Holcim monitors progress made and, where appropriate, supports suppliers in developing their capabilities to improve ESG performance.

Holcim may terminate relationships with suppliers that breach zero-tolerance requirements and/or suppliers that repeatedly and knowingly violate the Supplier Code of Conduct and refuse to implement improvement plans.

Holcim operates a global whistleblowing line known as Integrity Line, to facilitate employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders in reporting any concerns about Holcim’s business practices.

Holcim cooperates in good faith with National Contact Point, when required, to address adverse impacts that might arise from stakeholders with regard to principles and standards contained in the OECD Guidelines.

Climate in our supply chain

Our procurement and logistics professionals around the world are working at full speed to deliver on Holcim’s climate commitments across all GHG scopes. For example, we work with our suppliers of transportation services to help them decarbonize their fleet:

Extending to them the agreements we negotiated with suppliers of trucks, so they can access clean technologies.

Helping them access bank credit with favorable conditions negotiated by Holcim.

Prioritizing business volumes with suppliers that join our decarbonization actions.

Nature in our supply chain

Holcim piloted the SBTN methodology and used it together with an Earth Engine platform to identify suppliers that operate in water risk areas. This is the first step to prioritize key suppliers to engage with, and work on implementing actions to reduce freshwater withdrawal and water pollution in our supply chain.

Workers in the value chain

Our supplier due diligence program includes site assessments to verify ESG standards in our suppliers’ operations, following a risk-based approach and covering every market where we operate. This involves consultation with our suppliers’ workers to better understand their working conditions, health and safety, and welfare.

Site assessments are periodically conducted by Holcim employees empowered through a “train the trainer” approach, and equipped with a comprehensive ESG assessment toolbox. Findings are shared constructively with suppliers in order to promote continuous improvement in ESG standards.

“We integrate sustainability criteria into every sourcing decision to scale up action at pace, and deliver on our climate, nature and human rights commitments.”

RAJESH SURANA, Chief Procurement Officer

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Record performance

Holcim delivered record performance in 2024 as we executed on our strategic priorities. We are taking the next step in our growth and value creation - with the planned spin-off of our North American business expected to occur by the end of the first half of 2025.

• holcim.com/annual-report-2024

CAPITAL MARKET INFORMATION

Holcim delivered record performance in 2024 ahead of its planned spin-off of the North American business.

Holcim’s record Recurring EBIT of CHF 5,049 million and industry-leading Recurring EBIT margin of 19.1% demonstrate that our business model is resilient in all market conditions and economic cycles. With a Free Cash Flow of CHF 3,801 million, we achieved a cash conversion rate of over 50% for the fifth consecutive year, demonstrating consistent financial strength and discipline.

This success reflects a strong focus on our differentiated value strategy, from continuing to advance sustainable building solutions and growing multibillion-dollar brands such as ECOPlanet or ECOPact and Elevate, to our empowered leadership with its strong performance-driven culture.

Building on this success, the company has announced its intention to list its North American operations in the U.S. with a full capital market separation. As evidenced by the share price, this initiative has been widely supported by the financial community at large: Holcim’s share price increased by 32.3% to CHF 87.4 as of 30 December 2024. In the same period, the Swiss Market Index (SMI) posted a gain of 4.2%.

The average trading volume amounted to approximately 1.2 million shares per day on the SIX Swiss Exchange.

WEIGHTING OF THE HOLCIM REGISTERED SHARE IN SELECTED INDICES 

 Index                                  Weighting in %
 SMI, Swiss Market Index                3.88
 SPI, Swiss Performance Index           3.10
 SPI ESG, Swiss Performance Index ESG   3.13
 SLI, Swiss Leader Index                4.41
 STOXX Europe 600 Construction          13.50
 STOXX Europe Large 200                 0.58
 STOXX Europe 600                       0.48
 STOXX Global 1800                      0.07
 FTSE4Good Europe Index                 0.60


Sources: SIX, STOXX, FTSE as of year-end 2024.

PERFORMANCE OF HOLCIM SHARES VERSUS THE SWISS MARKET INDEX (SMI)

in 20241

1 SMI rebased to Holcim share price. 

 A WELL-BALANCED SHAREHOLDER BASE                                                       
 31 December 2024, in percentage of shares outstanding                                  
 SHAREHOLDER BY GEOGRAPHY                                      SHAREHOLDER BY INVESTMENT CATEGORY
 North America                                           27%   Institutional investors   74%
 Switzerland                                             42%   Private investors         13%
 UK and Ireland                                          7%    Company-related holders   5%
 Continental Europe                                      8%    Miscellaneous1            8%
 Rest of the world                                       3%                             
 Company-related holders                                 5%                             
 Miscellaneous1                                          8%                             


 CLOSING PRICE                MARKET CAPITALIZATION    DIVIDEND PER SHARE2
 CHF                          CHF                      CHF
 87.4                         50.6BN                   3.10
 As of 30 December 2024       As of 30 December 2024   +11% compared to 2023
 Annual performance: +32.3%   2023: CHF 38.2BN         (CHF 2.80)


 STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS (AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2024)                                                                                                     
                                                    Security                    ISIN Code      Security Code Number   Ticker Symbol   Bloomberg Code   Thomson Reuters Code
 SMI, Swiss Market Index                            Holcim Ltd, Zurich, share   CH0012214059   1221405                HOLN            HOLN SW          HOLN.S


1 Includes nominee or custodian accounts.

2 For the 2024 financial year, the Board of Directors proposes a cash dividend of CHF 3.10 per registered share, subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2025. The dividend will be fully paid out of the foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions, not subject to Swiss withholding tax.

Listings

Holcim is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. The Group is a member of the main large indices on the SIX Swiss Exchange (SMI, SLI and SPI). Holcim is also included in the ESG indices ‘SPI ESG’ and ‘SPI ESG Weighted’ launched in February 2021 as sustainable benchmarks for the Swiss capital market.

Share repurchase and cancellation

In February 2024, Holcim announced a new share buyback program, planned for CHF 1 billion, with the share cancellation to be approved at the Annual General Meeting 2025. This program was completed on 13 December 2024. The company bought back 12.2 million shares, representing 2.1% of total shares issued, at an average purchase price of CHF 81.64 per share.

Free float

Free float as defined by the SIX Swiss Exchange stood at 93.5% at year end.

Dividend policy

Dividends are distributed annually. For the 2024 financial year, the Board of Directors is proposing a dividend payout in the amount of CHF 3.10 per registered share, subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. The payout is scheduled for 22 May 2025, to be paid out of the foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions, not subject to Swiss withholding tax.

Significant shareholders

Information on significant shareholders can be found on page 360 of our 2024 Integrated Annual Report.

Disclosure of shareholdings

Under the Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities and Derivatives Trading (Financial Market Infrastructure Act, FMIA), whosoever, directly, indirectly, or acting in concert with third parties, acquires or disposes of shares in a company incorporated in Switzerland whose equity securities are listed, in whole or in part, in Switzerland and thereby attains, falls below, or exceeds the threshold of 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 331/3 , 50, or 662/3 % of the voting rights, whether or not such rights may be exercised, shall notify the company and the stock exchanges on which the equity securities in question are listed. Consequently, significant shareholdings may have varied within the relevant threshold levels since they were reported.

Registration in the share register and restrictions on voting rights

The company maintains a share register for registered shares in which the names and addresses of owners and beneficiaries are entered. According to the applicable rules and regulations, only those included in the share register are deemed shareholders or beneficial owners of the registered shares of the company. Upon request, purchasers of registered shares shall be included in the share register as shareholders with voting rights if they expressly declare that they have acquired the shares in their own name and for their own account. Exceptions to this rule apply for nominees who have signed a nominee agreement with the company regarding this position and are subject to a recognized financial markets supervisory authority. The share register is closed approximately one week prior to the date of the Annual General Meeting of shareholders (the exact date is communicated in the invitation to the Annual General Meeting).

Each Holcim share carries one voting right.

Information on Holcim registered shares

Further information on Holcim registered shares can be found at: holcim.com/investors 

 KEY DATA HOLCIM REGISTERED SHARES                                                                     
 Par value CHF 2.00                             2024          2023          2022          2021          2020
 Number of shares issued                        579,124,606   579,124,606   615,929,059   615,929,059   615,929,059
 Number of treasury shares                      28,109,057    17,301,182    27,364,975    7,919,042     4,216,907
 Stock market prices in CHF                     2024          2023          2022          2021          2020
 High                                           93            68            53            58            54
 Low                                            63            48            39            43            28
 Average                                        79            58            46            51            43
 Market capitalization (billion CHF)            50.6          38.2          29.5          28.6          29.9
 Trading volumes (million shares)               294.5         357.5         456.5         458.7         774.2
 Earnings per share (EPS) in CHF                5.24          5.37          5.48          3.73          2.74
 EPS before impairment and divestments in CHF   5.70          5.42          3.66          3.98          3.07
 Cash earnings per share in CHF1                10.16         9.64          7.59          8.26          7.54
 Dividend per share in CHF2                     3.10          2.80          2.50          2.20          2.00


1 Cash EPS calculated based on cash flow from operating activities divided by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding.

2 For 2024, proposed by the Board of Directors to be paid out of the foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions, not subject to Swiss withholding tax. 

 CURRENT RATING                                             
 (28 February 2025)                                         
 Rating Agency                        Long-term rating       Short-term rating
 Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services   BBB+, outlook stable   A-2
 Moody’s Investors Service            Baa1, outlook stable   P-2


 FINANCIAL CALENDAR                 
 First Quarter 2025 Trading Update   Dividend payment date
 25 April 2025                       22 May 2025 (ex-dividend date 19 May 2025)
 Annual General Meeting 2024         Last trading day with entitlement to receive the dividend
 14 May 2025                         16 May 2025
 Half-Year Results 2025             
 31 July 2025                       
 Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update  
 24 October 2025                    


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                          2024       2023
 Net sales                                            26,407     27,009
 Production cost of goods sold                        (14,731)   (15,511)
 Gross profit                                         11,676     11,498
 Distribution and selling expenses                    (5,784)    (5,905)
 Administration expenses                              (1,514)    (1,319)
 Share of profit of joint ventures                    264        304
 Operating profit                                     4,642      4,577
 Profit on disposals and other non-operating income   50         156
 Loss on disposals and other non-operating expenses   (169)      (97)
 Share of profit of associates                        24         36
 Financial income                                     156        198
 Financial expenses                                   (681)      (697)
 Net income before taxes                              4,022      4,174
 Income taxes                                         (981)      (999)
 Net income                                           3,042      3,176
 Net income attributable to:                                    
 Shareholders of Holcim Ltd                           2,926      3,060
 Non-controlling interests                            115        115
 Earnings per share in CHF                                      
 Earnings per share                                   5.24       5.37
 Fully diluted earnings per share                     5.22       5.35


? Alternative Performance Measures used in this report are defined from page 370

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                                  31.12.2024   31.12.2023
 Cash and cash equivalents                                    5,347        6,082
 Short-term derivative assets                                 55           13
 Current financial receivables                                137          128
 Trade accounts receivable                                    2,613        2,723
 Inventories                                                  3,117        2,807
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                    837          849
 Assets classified as held for sale                           81           239
 Total current assets                                         12,187       12,842
 Long-term financial investments and other long-term assets   538          542
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                 3,331        3,184
 Property, plant and equipment                                20,307       19,341
 Goodwill                                                     14,594       13,589
 Intangible assets                                            2,380        2,127
 Deferred tax assets                                          565          674
 Pension assets                                               378          296
 Long-term derivative assets                                  6            90
 Total non-current assets                                     42,098       39,844
 Total assets                                                 54,285       52,686


 Million CHF                                                               31.12.2024   31.12.2023
 Trade accounts payable                                                    4,745        4,336
 Current financial liabilities                                             1,842        1,416
 Current income tax liabilities                                            712          801
 Other current liabilities                                                 2,068        1,899
 Short-term provisions                                                     387          348
 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale   0            104
 Total current liabilities                                                 9,754        8,904
 Long-term financial liabilities                                           12,014       12,665
 Provision for pensions and other post-employment benefit plans            548          587
 Long-term income tax liabilities                                          154          170
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                  1,994        1,868
 Long-term provisions                                                      1,866        1,708
 Total non-current liabilities                                             16,575       16,999
 Total liabilities                                                         26,330       25,903
 Share capital                                                             1,158        1,158
 Capital surplus                                                           14,593       16,672
 Treasury shares                                                           (1,744)      (811)
 Reserves                                                                  13,232       8,978
 Total equity attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd                   27,239       25,997
 Non-controlling interests                                                 716          786
 Total shareholders' equity                                                27,956       26,783
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                54,285       52,686


FINANCIAL REVIEW

GOVERNANCE, RISK & COMPENSATION

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Holcim applies high standards to corporate governance. The goal is to assure the long-term value and success of the company in the interests of various stakeholder groups: customers, shareholders, employees, creditors, suppliers and the communities where Holcim operates.

Preliminary remarks

The ultimate goal of effective corporate governance is long-term value creation and strengthening of the Group’s reputation. This includes continuous improvement to decision-making processes and management systems through legal, organizational and ethical directives and terms of reference, as well as measures to enhance transparency.

Compliance with internal as well as external law and regulations, early recognition of business risks, social responsibility for stakeholder groups, and open communication on all relevant issues are among the principles of Holcim.

The Code of Business Conduct, binding for the entire Group, is part of our internal regulations. For further information in relation to Holcim’s comprehensive risk-based compliance program, please refer to page 147.

The information published in this chapter conforms to the Directive on Information relating to Corporate Governance of the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIX) and the disclosure rules of the Swiss Code of Obligations. In the interest of clarity, reference is made to other parts of the Annual Report or, for example, to the Group’s website: holcim.com

Except where otherwise indicated, this Annual Report reflects the legal situation as of 31 December 2024.

Group structure and shareholders

The holding company Holcim Ltd was established under the laws of Switzerland for an indefinite period. Its registered office is in Zug (Canton of Zug, Switzerland). It has direct and indirect interests in all companies listed on pages 275-284 of this Integrated Annual Report.

The Group is organized by segments. The management structure as of 31 December 2024 is described in this chapter.

To the knowledge of Holcim, it has no mutual cross-holdings with any other company. To the knowledge of Holcim, there are neither shareholders’ agreements nor other agreements regarding voting or the holding of Holcim shares.

More detailed information on the business review, Group structure and shareholders can be found on the following pages of the Annual Report:

TOPIC

? Business review of the Group segments pages 256-260

? Segment information pages 285-290

? Principal companies page 281

? Information about Holcim Ltd & listed Group companies page 284

? Information on significant shareholders page 360

Capital structure

Holcim has one uniform type of registered share in order to comply with international capital market requirements in terms of an open, transparent, and modern capital structure and to enhance attractiveness, particularly for institutional investors.

Share capital

As of 31 December 2024, the nominal, fully paid-in share capital of Holcim amounted to CHF 1,158,249,212. The share capital is divided into 579,124,606 registered shares of CHF 2.00 nominal value each.

Conditional share capital

The share capital may be increased by a nominal amount of CHF 2,844,700 through the issuance of a maximum of 1,422,350 fully paid-in registered shares, each with a par value of CHF 2.00 (as of 31 December 2024). The conditional capital may be used for exercising conversion rights and/or warrants relating to bonds or similar debt instruments of the company or one of its Group companies. The subscription rights of the shareholders will be excluded. The current owners of conversion rights and/or warrants will be entitled to subscribe for the new shares. The acquisition of shares through the exercise of conversion rights and/or warrants and each subsequent transfer of the shares will be subject to the restrictions set out in the Articles of Incorporation. As of 31 December 2024, no bonds or similar debt instruments of the company or one of its Group companies were outstanding that would give rise to conversion rights or warrants related to the conditional capital. Therefore, in the year under review, no conversion rights or warrants have been exercised.

Further information on conversion rights and/or warrants and applicable conditions may be found in the Articles of Incorporation of Holcim at: holcim.com/articles-incorporation

Authorized share capital/Certificates of participation

As of 31 December 2024, neither authorized share capital nor certificates of participation were outstanding.

Changes in share capital

The share capital remained unchanged in the 2024 financial year.

Articles of Incorporation

The Articles of Incorporation of Holcim remained unchanged in the 2024 financial year.

For further details see below:

TOPIC

• Articles of Incorporation of Holcim Ltd

• Code of Business Conduct

? Changes in Holcim equity pages 268-269 (information for the year 2022 is included in the Annual Report 2023, pages 288-289)

• Detailed information on conditional capital. Articles of Incorporation: Art. 3bis

? Key data per share, pages 126-129

• Rights pertaining to the shares. Articles of Incorporation: Art. 6, 9, 10

• Regulations on transferability of shares and nominee registration. Articles of Incorporation: Art. 4, 5

? Warrants/options, pages 330-339

Board of Directors and committees

The Board of Directors currently consists of eleven members, ten of whom are independent, were not previously members of the Holcim management and have no important business connections with Holcim.

Independence is defined in line with Swiss best corporate governance standards. A member of the Board of Directors shall be considered independent if the member is not and has not been employed as a member of the Executive Committee at the company or any of its principal subsidiaries for the past three years or as employee or affiliate of the auditors of Holcim for the past two years and does not, in the sole determination of the Board of Directors, maintain a material direct or indirect business relationship with the company or any of its subsidiaries. Members of the Board of Directors with immediate family members who would not qualify as independent shall not be considered independent, subject to a three-year cooling-off period.

Please see pages 156-160 for the biographical information of the members of the Board of Directors as of 31 December 2024.

At Holcm’s Annual General Meeting 2024, which took place on 8 May 2024, the shareholders elected Catrin Hinkel and Michael H. McGarry as new members of the Board of Directors. The shareholders re-elected nine members of the Board of Directors and re-elected Jan Jenisch as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors appointed Miljan Gutovic as Chief Executive Officer of Holcim, effective 1 May 2024. He succeeded Jan Jenisch, who decided to focus on his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Also, the Board of Directors has tasked Jan Jenisch to lead the planned U.S. listing of Holcim’s North American business.

The shareholders confirmed four members of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee. Michael H. McGarry was newly elected to the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee.

New members of the Board of Directors are required to participate in an induction program, which includes on-site visits to Holcim plants and customer construction sites, where they are introduced in detail to the company’s areas of business and where they become familiar with the organizational structure, strategic plans and other important matters relating to the governance of the company.

The Board of Directors meets as often as business requires, but at least four times a year.

In 2024, six ordinary meetings and two extraordinary meetings were held. One additional meeting focused on strategy topics. As a rule, the members of the Executive Committee attended those parts of the regular meetings of the Board of Directors which dealt with operational issues relating to areas of their responsibility. In addition, selected members of senior management had been invited by the respective chairpersons to attend the meetings of the Board of Directors or its committees. The average duration of the ordinary meetings of the Board of Directors was six hours and ten minutes.

Elections and terms of office

All members of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and all members of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee are elected annually and individually as a matter of law by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. They may be proposed for re-election by the Board of Directors upon motion by the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee. The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee bases its motion on a review of the overall performance of each candidate.

A member of the Board of Directors shall not serve on the Board of Directors for more than 12 years. In addition, it is expected that members of the Board of Directors will offer their resignation at the ordinary General Meeting following their 72nd birthday. The Board of Directors may provide for exceptions to this rule in individual cases under special circumstances, and if this is in the best interest of Holcim.

Composition of Board of Directors and succession planning

Succession planning is of high relevance to the Board of Directors. The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee regularly considers the composition of the Board of Directors as a whole and staffing for the Committees.

With regard to the composition of the Board of Directors, the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee considers diversity (including but not limited to: origin, domicile, gender, age and professional background), as well as such other factors necessary to address the needs of the Board of Directors to fulfil its responsibilities. The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee also considers other activities and commitments of an individual in order to ensure that a proposed member of the Board of Directors will have sufficient time to dedicate to their role as member of the Board of Directors of Holcim.

The Board of Directors initiates the evaluation of potential new board members in a timely manner. A search for new board members is launched - normally with the support of a professional executive search company - with precise selection criteria. Candidates are interviewed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chairwoman and members of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee and other members of the Board of Directors. The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors, who then decide on the proposal to the Annual General Meeting for election.

BOARD REFRESHMENT

Thorough succession planning in the interests of Holcim.

The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee is responsible for talent management on Board of Directors and executive levels, as well as overseeing overall corporate culture ambitions.

Together with the Board of Directors, the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee ensures a thorough refreshment process over time. 

 Regular        Search         Candidate     Onboarding
 assessments    process        pool         
 Gap analysis   Succession     Recruitment   Election
                requirements                


The current composition of the Board of Directors is well balanced in terms of diversity, nationality, cultural background and tenure. Except for the Chairman, all members of the Board of Directors are independent Directors. 

 TENURE YEARS  
 <5             64%
 5 to 10        27%
 >10            9%


 NATIONALITY  
 American      9%
 Belgian       9%
 Brazilian     9%
 Canadian      9%
 Danish1       19%
 German        18%
 Indian        9%
 Swiss         18%


1 Rounded amount presented. 

 GENDER  
 Female   45%
 Male     55%


 INDEPENDENCE     
 Independent       91%
 Non-independent   9%


The Board of Directors covers the following experience, skills and knowledge adding up to a well-balanced and diverse skill set of the company’s Board of Directors aligned with Holcim’s strategic ambitions. 

 EXPERTISE                                                      
 CEO Experience                                                  81.82%
 Environment, Social, and Governance, including Climate Change   81.82%
 M&A, Large Transactions / Transformation                        72.73%
 Risk Management                                                 72.73%
 HR / Remuneration                                               63.64%
 Technology                                                      63.64%
 Energy / Commodity                                              54.55%
 Operations                                                      54.55%
 Construction / Building Materials                               45.45%
 Finance                                                         45.45%
 Logistics                                                       45.45%
 Marketing                                                       45.45%
 Regulatory / Governance                                         36.36%
 AI1                                                             9.10%


1 Cyber security / AI.

Board of Directors and committee performance and effectiveness evaluation

According to Paragraph 4 of the company’s Organizational Rules, the Board of Directors annually conducts self-assessments to evaluate the performance and operational effectiveness of the Board of Directors and its committees. This includes confidential feedback based on anonymous questionnaires and individual interviews with each member of the Board of Directors conducted by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chairwoman of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee. This assessment covers topics including size/composition of the Board of Directors, qualifications, meeting cycle, allocation of tasks between the Board of Directors and its committees, processes, governance, meetings, pre-reading materials, effectiveness, leadership and culture. In addition, each committee reviews the adequacy of its composition, organization and processes as well as the scope of its responsibilities and evaluates its own performance. The main issues identified are then presented and discussed to ensure the continued effectiveness of the Board of Directors and its committees.

Honorary Chairman

After Thomas Schmidheiny retired from the Board of Directors at the Shareholders General Meeting of 8 May 2018, the Board of Directors decided to name Thomas Schmidheiny Honorary Chairman of the Group in recognition of his many years of service to Holcim. The Honorary Chairman can participate at the meetings of the Board of Directors as a guest.

As of 31 December 2024, the members of Holcim’s Board of Directors served on the following expert committees: 

 AUDIT COMMITTEE (AC)            NOMINATION, COMPENSATION & GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE (NCGC)
 Naina Lal Kidwai (Chairwoman)   Hanne B. Sørensen (Chairwoman)
 Kim Fausing                     Ilias Läber
 Ilias Läber                     Michael H. McGarry
 Jürg Oleas                      Jürg Oleas
                                 Claudia S. Ramirez


The Audit Committee assists and advises the Board of Directors in conducting its supervisory duties with respect to the internal control systems. It examines the reporting for the attention of the Board of Directors and evaluates the Group’s external and internal audit procedures, reviews the risk management systems of the Group and assesses financing issues.

All members are independent in order to ensure the necessary degree of objectivity required for an Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is chaired by a person who has the necessary experience in financial matters.

In 2024, four ordinary meetings of the Audit Committee were held. The average duration of the ordinary meetings was two hours and ten minutes.

In 2024, the Audit Committee reviewed, in particular, the Group’s financial reporting, the quarterly results releases, the external auditors’ findings and the progress on the planned full capital market separation of Holcim’s North American business. The Audit Committee took note of the status of the Internal Control System (ICS), discussed the findings of the Group Internal Audit, dealt with compliance and internal guidelines and evaluated financing issues. The Audit Committee evaluated the performance of the external auditors and their fees.

The charter of the Audit Committee is available at: holcim.com/regulations-and-reporting

The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee supports the Board of Directors in planning and preparing succession at the Board of Directors and senior management level. It monitors developments with regard to corporate governance and compensation for the Board of Directors and Executive Committee and briefs the Board of Directors accordingly.

The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee advises the Board of Directors on the compensation policy for the Board of Directors and for the Executive Committee as well as on the motion by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting for the total compensation of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee.

The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee (NCGC) proposes the objectives for the Long-Term Incentive Plan, which alongside financial metrics, includes metrics related to the reduction of specific net CO2, waste-derived resources and the reduction of specific cement freshwater withdrawal. These objectives are then approved by the Board of Directors. In 2024, the NCGC also reviewed compensation principles and governance related to the planned spin-off of Holcim’s North American business.

In 2024, the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee held four ordinary and four extraordinary meetings. The average duration of the ordinary meetings was two hours and twenty-five minutes.

More details on the activities of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee, in particular with regard to the process of determining compensation, can be found in the Compensation Report, starting on page 166.

The Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee Charter is available at: holcim.com/regulations-and-reporting

CLIMATE REPORT 2024

HEALTH, SAFETY & SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE (HSSC)

Philippe Block (Chairman)

Leanne Geale

Catrin Hinkel

Naina Lal Kidwai

Claudia S. Ramirez

The Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee supports and advises the Board of Directors on the development and promotion of a healthy and safe environment for employees and contractors as well as on sustainable development and social responsibility.

For information on the role of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee with regard to governing the risks and opportunities around sustainability, including climate change, please see the table on the right.

In 2024, the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee held four ordinary meetings. The average duration of the meetings was one hour and forty minutes.

In 2024, the topics discussed by the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee included:

Health, safety and environment KPIs and focus areas, in particular root causes for fatalities and strategic initiatives to reduce air emissions.

Sustainability focus areas and ESG strategy including: The Group’s third Climate Report, presented at the 2024 AGM receiving 95.07% approval by shareholders. Launch of the sector’s most ambitious decarbonization roadmap in Europe including seven EU-awarded carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) projects. Strategic Nature roadmaps for each country to reduce freshwater used as well as a science-based measurable positive impact on biodiversity. Holcim named by the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) as one of the first three companies globally to adopt science-based targets for nature. Strategic People roadmaps for each country to meet social initiatives, pending targets, human rights assessments and affordable housing programs.

Holcim’s response to adverse events; mainly geopolitical events, pandemic/epidemic outbreaks, natural disasters.

Security & Resilience program, in particular the updated governance and key performance indicators.

The Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee Charter is available at: holcim.com/regulations-and-reporting

? Climate governance, read more on page 175

HOLCIM GOVERNANCE APPROACH CLIMATE- AND NATURE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 

        BOARD OF DIRECTORS                             
 HSSC   AC                                              NCGC
        CEO                                            
        EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE                            
 R&D                                                    SUSTAINABILITY
 HSE                                                    DECARBONIZATION
        HOLCIM FUNDATION FOR SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION  


Board of Directors (BoD)

Ultimate responsibility for strategy and overall governance of the company, including Holcim’s climate strategy. Through the AC and the HSSC, the BoD oversees Holcim’s risk management and internal control Process, including sustainability/climate and nature-related risks and opportunities.

Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee (HSSC)

Consists of five BoD members. Advises BoD on all matters related to sustainability, including climate and nature.

Executive Committee

Responsible for execution of the sustainability strategy including climate and nature strategies.

Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO)

Climate and nature issues are managed on an operational level by the CSO, an Executive Committee-level position. The CSO is supported by a core sustainability team.

Core Sustainability Team

A cross-disciplinary department responsible for developing and overseeing the deployment of Holcim’s sustainability strategy.

R&D team

Around 74% of resources at the Group’s Innovation Center in Lyon, France, are dedicated to low-carbon products.

Since 2021, 90% of new patent applications filed relating to cement-based products support our sustainability goals. 50% of new patents support sustainable solutions such as CCUS and low-emission construction materials. 25% relate to sustainability drivers such as 3D printing.

Decarbonization Team

Accelerates the implementation of both our traditional and next-generation decarbonization levers based on bottom-up decarbonization plans for every cement plant.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE AT SCHEDULED ORDINARY MEETINGS 

                                                                          Number of Board of Directors meetings attended  
 Board member             Position                                        Ordinary (incl. strategy meeting)                Extraordinary   Number of Audit Committee meetings attended
 Jan Jenisch1             Chairman                                        7/7                                              2/2             -
 Hanne B. Sørensen        Vice-Chairwoman and Lead Independent Director   7/7                                              2/2             -
 Philippe Block           Member                                          7/7                                              2/2             -
 Kim Fausing              Member                                          7/7                                              1/2             3/4
 Leanne Geale             Member                                          7/7                                              2/2             -
 Catrin Hinkel2           Member                                          5/5                                              -               -
 Naina Lal Kidwai         Member                                          7/7                                              2/2             4/4
 Ilias Läber              Member                                          7/7                                              2/2             4/4
 Michael H. McGarry3      Member                                          5/5                                              -               -
 Jürg Oleas               Member                                          7/7                                              2/2             4/4
 Claudia Sender Ramirez   Member                                          7/7                                              2/2             -


                                                                          Number of Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee meetings attended  
 Board member             Position                                        Ordinary                                                                      Extraordinary   Number of Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee meetings attended
 Jan Jenisch1             Chairman                                        -                                                                             -               -
 Hanne B. Sørensen        Vice-Chairwoman and Lead Independent Director   4/4                                                                           4/4             -
 Philippe Block           Member                                          -                                                                             -               4/4
 Kim Fausing              Member                                          -                                                                             -               -
 Leanne Geale             Member                                          -                                                                             -               4/4
 Catrin Hinkel2           Member                                          -                                                                             -               2/2
 Naina Lal Kidwai         Member                                          -                                                                             -               4/4
 Ilias Läber              Member                                          4/4                                                                           4/4             -
 Michael H. McGarry3      Member                                          3/3                                                                           2/2             -
 Jürg Oleas               Member                                          4/4                                                                           4/4             -
 Claudia Sender Ramirez   Member                                          4/4                                                                           4/4             4/4


1 Chief Executive Officer until 30 April 2024; although the Chairman is not formally a member of the committees, he regularly attends as a guest.

2 Member of the Board of Directors and member of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee as of 8 May 2024.

3 Member of the Board of Directors and member of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee as of the Annual General Meeting 2024.

Corporate Governance Framework

Organizational Rules/areas of responsibility

The division of responsibilities between the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive Committee is set out in detail in the company’s Organizational Rules.

The Organizational Rules entered into force on 24 May 2002, are reviewed at least every two years and amended as required. They were last reviewed and amended in July 2023 and may be found at: holcim.com/regulations-and-reporting

The Organizational Rules are issued by the Board of Directors in accordance with the terms of Art. 716b of the Swiss Code of Obligations and Art. 18 of the company’s Articles of Incorporation. They stipulate the organizational structure of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee and govern the tasks and powers conferred on the company’s executive bodies. The rules regulate the convocation, execution and number of meetings to be held by the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. If the chairperson of the Board of Directors is not independent, the Organizational Rules provide for the election of a Lead Independent Director.

The Board of Directors also has the power to establish expert committees and, if required, ad hoc committees for special tasks. The Board of Directors can delegate special tasks or tasks related to specific functions to a vice-chairperson on a temporary or permanent basis.

As part of its non-transferable statutory responsibilities, the Board of Directors defines the corporate strategy, approves the Group consolidated mid-term plan, including the budget, and the integrated Annual Report for submission to the Annual General Meeting. In 2024, the Board of Directors also reviewed the planned spin-off of Holcim’s North American business.

The CEO is responsible for operational management, preparing a large part of the business of the Board of Directors - including corporate strategy proposals - and executing the latter’s resolutions.

The CEO issues directives and recommendations with Group-wide significance in the CEO’s own authority and is also responsible for electing and dismissing function heads and CEOs of Group companies, as well as for the nomination of the members of the Board of Directors of Group companies and supervisory bodies of Group companies.

Within the framework of mid-term plan approval, the Board of Directors defines limits for investments and financing.

Within these limits, the Executive Committee decides on financing transactions and on one-off investments and divestments for amounts up to CHF 400 million. Amounts exceeding this are subject to approval by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is regularly informed about important transactions under the authority of the Executive Committee.

The Board of Directors determines the CEO’s and the Executive Committee members’ objectives upon motion by the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee, both after advice and assessment with the CEO.

The CEO assesses the performance of the members of the Executive Committee and, after advice and assessment by the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee, determines their respective individual objectives.

The Executive Committee oversees risk management following appraisal by the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors is informed annually about risk exposure.

In case of a direct conflict of interest, the Organizational Rules require each member of the corporate body concerned to stand aside voluntarily prior to any discussion of the matter in question. Members of the corporate bodies are required to treat all information and documentation which they may obtain or view in the context of their activities in these bodies as confidential and not to make such information available to third parties.

All individuals vested with the powers to represent the company have joint signature power collectively by two.

Information and control instruments of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors determines the way it is to be informed about the course of business. Any member of the Board of Directors may demand information on all issues relating to the Group and the company. All members of the Board of Directors may request information from the CEO. At meetings of the Board of Directors, any attending member of the Executive Committee has a duty to provide information. All members of the Board of Directors have a right to inspect books and files to the extent necessary for the performance of their tasks.

Financial reporting

The Board of Directors is informed on a monthly basis about the current course of business, adopts the quarterly reports and releases them for publication. The Board of Directors discusses the integrated Annual Report, takes note of the Auditors’ reports and submits the integrated Annual Report to the Annual General Meeting for approval.

Regarding Group strategy development, a strategy plan, as well as a mid-term plan covering four years and including the budget, are submitted to the Board of Directors.

Risk management

Holcim benefits from many years of experience with a risk management process that is structured around several coordinated approaches and subject to continuous improvement. A detailed update and analysis of the Group Risk Map was carried out in 2024 and submitted to the Executive Committee and Audit Committee.

Responsibilities concerning risks are clearly defined at country, region and corporate level following the governance, policies and control framework defined by the Group.

Risks are identified and assessed according to impact and likelihood. The full risk spectrum - from market, operations, finance, legal, compliance, environmental and sustainability to external risk factors of the business environment - is addressed in the ERM process. Key risks are analyzed in greater depth regarding their causes and potential impacts on Holcim’s reputation and the achievement of the Group’s targets, along with comprehensive action plans to further mitigate the risks. The Internal Control System (ICS) forms an integral part of the way risks are monitored, and their status is regularly reported to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee. Independent assessments of the effectiveness of mitigating actions and controls are performed by Group Internal Audit.

Please see page 194 for more details about the Group’s risk management.

Internal control

Holcim aims to have an effective internal control system and culture supported by the commitment of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. Group Internal Control (GIC) primarily aims to provide the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee with reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting and statements, compliance with laws and regulations and the protection of assets.

GIC has designed a set of minimum control standards and a continuous reporting system to receive country and function assessments of the controls and status of any action plans. Discussions regularly occur with local management to ensure controls are properly assessed and issues swiftly addressed.

GIC designs and coordinates the annual certification process to review the main action plans in progress and to confirm management responsibility at each relevant level of the Group organization for the quality of both internal control and financial reporting. The outcome is presented to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee.

Group Internal Audit

The core mission of Group Internal Audit (GIA) is to provide the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee with an independent, risk-based and objective assurance on the effectiveness and efficiency of the governance, risk management and Internal Control System of Holcim Group. The members of the Board of Directors have access to GIA. Each year, the Internal Audit Plan, which defines the audit areas of focus to be addressed by GIA, is reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. The main observations and findings observed during audit assignments are reported to the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee periodically.

GIA’s activity is governed by adherence to the mandatory guidance issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors (“IIA”), including the Definition of Internal Auditing, the Code of Ethics and the International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF).

Compliance Program - Performance with Integrity

High performance with high integrity is key to achieving sustainable success. Acting with integrity creates trust, protects our reputation, lowers our cost of doing business and enhances shareholder value.

Holcim maintains a comprehensive, risk-based compliance program (Compliance Program), which is based on requirements under national as well as international laws and relevant standards. Holcim’s decentralized, empowered operating model is considered in the design and operation of the Compliance Program, in a manner that recognizes the business model while also ensuring appropriate centralized oversight and control.

Combating corruption is an important area of the Compliance Program. Compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations is an integral part of Holcim’s license to operate. Holcim is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact Initiative and committed to supporting its principles on anti-corruption.

The Compliance Program has five pillars and is subject to continuous optimization.

1. Organization and governance

The Group’s Executive Committee is responsible for the Group-wide implementation of the Compliance Program and sets the tone from the top in support of it. The core responsibilities of the Compliance function lie in the prevention, detection and correction of compliance infringements. It is the responsibility of the Compliance function to work with all stakeholders to identify weaknesses and control gaps, support management during implementation of corrective measures and ensure the systematic follow-up of such measures. Compliance assists management with promoting and fostering a foundation of integrity in all business practices.

The Compliance function is embedded and aligned within the Legal function and includes staff at the Group, region and country levels. At the Group level, the Compliance function is led by the Group General Counsel who has delegated responsibility for organizing and managing the Compliance function to the Chief Compliance Officer and the head of Competition Law (in relation to Fair Competition). Regular checks and reviews are conducted to ensure that Compliance resources at the Group, region and country levels are adequate.

The Group provides oversight of the Compliance Program through the Ethics, Integrity and Risk Committee (EIRC). The EIRC meets at least quarterly to oversee compliance matters, including compliance investigations, disciplinary actions recommended to management, as well as remediation of identified process or control deficiencies.

The Group’s governance structure further ensures that the Audit Committee maintains significant visibility regarding the effectiveness of the Compliance Program. The Group General Counsel attends the Audit Committee meetings and reports regularly to the Audit Committee on the Compliance Program and function. Furthermore, the Chief Compliance Officer has a dotted reporting line to the Chair of the Audit Committee, allowing the Group Chief Compliance Officer to escalate matters directly if necessary.

2. Risk assessment

The annual compliance risk assessments survey key risk manifestations such as bribery and corruption or sanctions and export control violations against different risk triggers and specific scenarios. If there are relevant changes to the risk profile during an annual cycle - such as, for example due to mergers or acquisitions, the compliance risk assessments will be updated on an ad hoc basis. The compliance risk assessments are integrated into the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Group-wide risk assessment cycle.

Regarding bribery and corruption, the main risks identified in the compliance risk assessments include risks associated with obtaining and maintaining licenses and permits for business operations. As Holcim also operates in jurisdictions with a heightened exposure to bribery and corruption, the risk profiles in these jurisdictions are elevated accordingly. Third-party risks and risks pertaining to joint ventures are considered additional risk heightening factors where applicable.

For more information, please refer to the “Key operational risks” section on page 202.

3. Controls

Holcim has adopted a multi-layered approach to controls. This includes:

Specific and detailed policies and directives that specify the conduct to which to adhere in operations. Their coverage includes the topics of bribery and corruption, third-party due diligence, sanctions, embargoes and export controls, conflicts of interest, fair competition, data protection and privacy, as well as speak-up and internal investigations.

Policies and directives are strengthened through the use of specific transactional and entity level controls which are implemented through the Internal Control System and monitored by the Internal Controls function. For more information please refer to the “Internal control” section on page 210.

Policies, directives and controls are reinforced through training and communications activities, which are planned, implemented and tracked in all operating countries.

The implementation of controls and the delivery of training and communications is monitored through a system of compliance metrics and through audits conducted by the Internal Audit function.

All conduct is subject to speak-up integrity reporting and a comprehensive review and response mechanism, including employee disciplinary measures.

4. Training and communications

Regular compliance communications and training start at onboarding, during which all employees are required to review the Code of Business Conduct, which begins with a letter from the Group CEO and Group General Counsel discussing the importance of integrity, compliance, and the Code of Business Conduct - and to acknowledge in writing that they have read and understood the Code.

Continuous communications are subject to an annual planning process, which is localized to every operating country. The annual compliance planning process results in country-specific communications plans, tailored to the risk profiles of each country, executed in each country, and monitored by regional and Group levels. This establishes a Group-wide dialog on compliance at country level that is supplemented by Group-wide or regional communications and awareness campaigns.

Training is delivered both through e-learning and face-to-face training sessions. E-learning training is provided to a broad employee audience. Face-to-face training is given to employees in functional positions that face heightened exposure to compliance risks. Training attendance is tracked and follow-ups are conducted. In 2024, a total of 23,458 role-relevant business integrity face-to-face trainings and 48,658 business integrity e-learnings were completed.

5. Monitoring and Reporting

By monitoring and reporting compliance-related metrics, Holcim measures the performance of the Compliance Program, providing reasonable assurance that the Compliance Program is effectively implemented. Metrics include both preventive measures such as training, communications or third-party due diligence, as well as detective or responsive measures such as corrective actions identified through the compliance processes, internal control testing, internal audits or internal investigations.

To support transparency over its conduct and business integrity, Holcim encourages a culture of speaking up. Any concern over known or suspected misconduct, which means any conduct relating to Holcim’s business that is potentially illegal, violates the Code of Business Conduct or other applicable policies and directives, can be reported. Holcim manages a global reporting system called Integrity Line to facilitate employees, suppliers, customers, or members of the public to report any concerns. Holcim employees have a duty to report their concerns, and Holcim views active reporting as a healthy indicator of an integrity culture. The Integrity Line is provided by an independent third party and all reports are objectively assessed and investigated if required.

All reports are treated seriously, and the confidentiality of the involved parties is preserved to the fullest extent possible. Holcim applies a zero-tolerance policy regarding any misconduct and any retaliatory actions against reporters.

In 2024, a total of 1,067 reports were received in the Integrity Line, out of which 668 were reports of misconduct that required further assessment or investigation. The reporting categories of the 668 reports included: Human resources, Diversity and workplace respect (340/51%); Business integrity (170/25%); Misuse or misappropriation of assets (76/11%); Health, Safety & Environment (60/9%); Accounting, auditing & financial reporting (6/1%); Other (16/3%). 44 cases resulted in dismissals, 66 cases in other employment/disciplinary measures and 76 cases in process improvements, including training, third-party related sanctions and control adjustments.

Report on due diligence and transparency in relation to minerals and metals from conflict-affected areas and child labor

A) Minerals and metals from conflict-affected areas

Holcim is committed to maintaining a responsible and ethical supply chain. Based on the information contained in Holcim’s supply chain traceability system, Holcim has not placed in free circulation or processed in any country of operation, including Switzerland, any conflict minerals or metals (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold) from conflict-affected or high-risk areas in 2024.

B) Child labor

1) Holcim’s commitment and adherence to international regulations

Holcim is committed to respecting and promoting the rights of people and children in its own operations, supply chain and in the communities where it operates. Respect for human and children’s rights is fundamental to Holcim’s ability to do business across all sites in the operating countries. Child rights are fully integrated into Holcim’s human rights and sustainable procurement programs and standards. In 2021, Holcim signed a pledge to eliminate child labor in global supply chains.1

Holcim’s commitment is aligned with the principles and values contained in the following internationally recognized regulations:

ILO Convention No. 138 on Minimum Age

ILO Convention No. 182 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour

ILO-IOE Child Labour Guidance Tool for Business of 15 December 2015

OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business of 8 June 2023

UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights

2) Due diligence

a) Supply chain policy

Holcim’s supply chain policy is integrated into its overall human rights approach. The company’s due diligence on human rights - including child labor - is based on thorough human rights impact assessments and stakeholder engagement, which are carried out at both country and site levels, as well as risk-based due diligence. For more details, please refer to “Human rights” section on page 114.

Holcim clearly and actively communicates its commitment and human rights expectations of employees and business partners through its Code of Business Conduct, Human Rights Directive, Sustainable Procurement Directive, and the Supplier Code of Conduct, all of which are publicly available. The Supplier Code of Conduct, which forms an integral part of contracts and agreements between Holcim and its suppliers, explicitly states that suppliers shall prevent all forms of child labor.2

Holcim applies a zero-tolerance approach to any form of child labor in its supply chain, and any breach leads to immediate termination of the business relationship and remediation of the situation.

b) Own operations

Holcim’s efforts to eliminate child labor start within its own operations. For Holcim employees, the Code of Business Conduct explicitly prohibits the exploitation of children, including through child labor.3 The basic principles provided by the International Labour Organization (ILO) are adopted in Holcim’s Human Resources Policy and implemented throughout all business operations. This includes Holcim’s commitment to conduct business with the goal of causing zero harm and in full compliance with its strict health and safety requirements.

For the financial year 2024, Holcim does not have reasonable grounds to suspect any child labor within its own operations.

1 endchildlabour2021.org/holcim-ltd

2 holcim.com/responsible-sourcing-supply-chain

3 holcim.com/building-with-integrity-code-of-business-conduct

c) Supplier qualification, traceability and verification

Holcim’s Sustainable Procurement program requires that new suppliers be assessed to identify potential risks related to the products or services provided, business activities (volumes and spend, work- and location-related hazards) and the countries' risk levels.

Supplier qualification is conducted before starting a business relationship with the supplier and continues during the business relationship, as a minimum on an annual basis.

Holcim tracks every purchase of goods and services in each market where it operates, including descriptions of products or services, trade names as well as the names and addresses of suppliers and the production sites or service providers. This enhances Holcim's ability to trace the origin of the materials purchased and this information is used to monitor the country risk for child labor via the UNICEF Children’s Rights in the Workplace Index and ILO Statistics on Child Labour. Furthermore, Holcim maps and monitors additional tiers of the supply chain as an additional measure to prevent child labor in its supply chain.

Holcim verifies compliance with its Supplier Code of Conductby means of a three-step verification process:

Self-assessment questionnaire: Using Holcim qualification platforms.

Fact-finding: collecting evidence to verify potential breaches identified in the self-assessment.

Field audits: To confirm deviations and to verify compliance in high-risk procurement categories.

For more details, please refer to the “Sustainable supply chain” on page 120.

d) Reporting procedure

Holcim addresses complaints and grievances received through its global Integrity Line, which supplements numerous site- and community-level grievance mechanisms. All Holcim employees, suppliers and other interested third parties have access to the Integrity Line, which is an independently operated platform to raise potential or actual concerns regarding business practices, including child labor.

Reports can be submitted online, via phone or email in their chosen language, anonymously, if preferred. All reports are documented, and indications of potential child labor are subject to assessment, investigation and follow up. Depending on the results, appropriate measures are applied to avert or mitigate risks and negative effects, and Holcim evaluates the results of the measures taken and communicates them. For more details on the Integrity Line, please refer to page 148.

e) Risk management

Holcim’s supply chain policy follows a risk-based approach that considers, among other things, the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business, the UN Human Development Index (HDI) and the Freedom House Index. Risk management is set up to eliminate, prevent or mitigate any identified risks in the supply chain, according to their likelihood of occurrence and the severity of adverse impacts.

f) Transparency

Holcim publicly discloses annual performance indicators regarding the implementation of its supply chain policy. This information is disclosed for the entire Group and covers all geographic areas and all business segments.

• For more details, see our ESG policies, documents and reports

Executive Committee

Members of the Executive Committee (including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) are appointed by the Board of Directors and are responsible for the management of the Group.

The tasks of the Executive Committee are divided into different areas of responsibility in terms of country and function, with each of these areas ultimately supervised and managed by a member of the Executive Committee.

During the year under review the following changes within the Executive Committee have occurred:

Miljan Gutovic was appointed by Holcim’s Board of Directors as CEO of Holcim, effective 1 May 2024.

Effective 3 September 2024, Toufic Tabbara, Region Head North America, has decided to pursue opportunities outside of Holcim.

Effective 1 October 2024, Feliciano González Muñoz, Head Human Resources, has decided to step down from the Executive Committee, and to retire by 31 December 2024.

As communicated in October 2023 and effective 31 October 2024, Mathias Gaertner, Group Head Legal and Compliance, has decided to pursue a new career opportunity outside of Holcim.

As of 31 December 2024, the Executive Committee of Holcim consisted of the six members reported in the table below.

Please refer to pages 162-164 for biographical information on the members of the Executive Committee. None of the members of the Executive Committees have important functions outside the Holcim Group or any other significant commitments of interest, with the exception of Jamie M. Gentoso, who is a non-executive director of the listed Public Service Electric and Gas Company.

COMPOSITION OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 

 Name               Position   Responsibility
 Miljan Gutovic     CEO       
 Steffen Kindler    CFO       
 Nollaig Forrest    Member     Chief Sustainability Officer
 Jamie M. Gentoso   Member     Global Head, Solutions & Products Business Unit
 Martin Kriegner    Member     Region Head Asia, Middle East & Africa
 Oliver Osswald     Member     Region Head Latin America


 GENDER          TENURE
 Female   33 %   <5        67 %
 Male     67 %   5 to 10   33 %


Shareholder’s participation

Voting rights and representation restrictions

All holders of registered shares who are registered as shareholders with voting rights in the share register on the closing date for the share registry are entitled to participate in, and vote at, Annual General Meetings. Shares held by trusts and shares for which no declaration has been made that the holder requesting registration is holding the shares in his own name and for his own account, and that there is no agreement on the redemption of the relevant shares and that they bear the economic risk associated with the shares, are entered in the share register as having no voting rights.

Shareholders not participating in person in the Annual General Meeting may be represented by their legal representative, the independent voting rights representative, or with a written power of attorney, by any other representative who need not be a shareholder. In line with regulatory requirements, an electronic voting option is provided for. Voting rights are not subject to any restrictions. Each share carries one vote.

Statutory quorums

The Annual General Meeting constitutes a quorum, regardless of the number of shares represented or shareholders present; resolutions are passed by an absolute majority of the votes allocated to the shares represented, unless Art. 704 para. 1 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the Merger Act provides otherwise. In such cases, resolutions may only be passed with the respective qualified majority of the votes represented. According to Art. 10 para. 2 of the Articles of Incorporation and in addition to Art. 704 para. 1 of the Swiss Code of Obligations, the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes represented and the absolute majority of the par value of shares represented shall be required for resolutions of the Annual General Meeting with respect to the removal of restrictions set forth in Art. 5 of the Articles of Incorporation (entries in the share register), the removal of the mandatory bid rule (Art. 125 para 4 of the Financial Market Infrastructure Act), and the removal or amendment of para. 2 of Art. 10 of the Articles of Incorporation.

Convocation of the Annual General Meeting and agenda rules

The Annual General Meeting takes place each year, at the latest six months following the conclusion of the financial year. It is convened by the Board of Directors, whereby invitations are published at least 20 days prior to the meeting and in which details are given of the agenda and proposals submitted.

Shareholders representing shares with a par value of at least CHF 1 million may request the addition of a particular item to be included on the agenda, or that a motion relating to an agenda item be included in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. A respective written request listing the agenda items and the proposal or the proposals shall be lodged with the Board of Directors at least 40 days prior to the Annual General Meeting.The invitations as well as the minutes of the Annual General Meetings are published on: holcim.com/agm

Entries in the share register

The company maintains a share register for registered shares in which the names and addresses of owners and beneficiaries are entered. According to the applicable rules and regulations, only those included in the share register are deemed shareholders or beneficial owners of the registered shares of the company. Upon request, purchasers of registered shares shall be included in the share register as shareholders with voting rights if they expressly declare that they have acquired the shares in their own name and for their own account.

Exceptions to this rule apply for nominees who have signed a nominee agreement with the company regarding this position and are subject to a recognized financial markets supervisory authority.

The share register is closed approximately one week prior to the date of the Annual General Meeting. (The exact date is communicated in the invitation to the Annual General Meeting.)

Shareholders’ participation and rights of protection are furthermore governed by the Swiss Code of Obligations.

For more details, see Holcim’s Articles of Incorporation: holcim.com/regulations-and-reporting

Auditors

As part of their auditing activity, the auditors inform the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee regularly about their findings and make suggestions for improvements. Considering the reporting and assessments by the Group companies, the Audit Committee evaluates the performance of the auditors and their remuneration in line with market conditions. The Audit Committee approves the audit focus area, provides recommendations to the auditors, makes suggestions for improvement and assesses their independence. In 2024, the auditors participated in all meetings of the Audit Committee to discuss individual agenda items.

Ernst & Young Ltd, Zurich (EY) were appointed at the Annual General Meeting 2022 and were re-elected at the Annual General Meeting 2024 as financial auditors of Holcim Ltd for the 2024 financial year. Jacques Pierres has been responsible for managing the audit mandate, supported by Daniel Zaugg. The rotation of the lead auditor will be carried out in accordance with Art. 730a of the Swiss Code of Obligations. The auditors are elected for a one-year term at the Annual General Meeting.

The fees shown below were charged for professional services rendered to the Group by the auditors in 2024 and 2023: 

 Million CHF                                        2024   2023
 Audit services fees1                               12.6   11.3
 Audit services fees for joint ventures             0.9    1.0
 Total audit services fees related to EY            13.5   12.3
 Audit services fees related to other audit firms   2.0    2.8
 Total audit services fees                          15.5   15.0
 Audit-related services fees2                       0.4    0.7
 Grant applications services fees                   0.3    0.6
 Other services fees3                               0.6    0.5
 Total other fees related to EY                     1.3    1.8
 Total audit services and other fees                16.8   16.8


1 This amount includes the fees for the individual audits of Group companies carried out by EY as well as their fees for auditing the Group financial statements.

2 Audit-related services comprise, among other things, sustainability report reviews, comfort letters and certifications for local authorities.

3 Other services fees comprise, among other things, fees for mergers, acquisitions and divestments support services.

In 2024, Holcim received services related to the planned spin-off of Holcim’s North American business announced on 28 January 2024, covering the periods 2021-2024 for CHF 22 million, which are not reflected in the above section.

Other governance information

Management agreements

Holcim has no management agreements in place with companies or private individuals outside the Group.

Mandates outside Holcim

Please refer to Art. 27 of the company’s Articles of Incorporation for information about the number of permitted mandates outside of Holcim for the members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee: holcim.com/regulations-and-reporting

Compensation, shareholdings and loans

Details of Board of Directors and Executive Committee compensation, shareholdings, and loans are contained in the Compensation Report (starting on page 166) and in the holding company results (Note 11, page 358).

Changes of control and defense measures

The Articles of Incorporation contain no waiver of the duty to make a public offer under the terms of Art. 135 and 163 of the Financial Market Infrastructure Act (“opting out”). The result is that a shareholder who directly, indirectly, or acting in concert with third parties acquires shares in the company and, together with the shares he already possesses, thereby exceeds the 331 /3 % threshold of voting rights in the company, must make an offer for all listed shares of the company.

Members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee do not receive any special benefits in the event of a change of control. However, in the event of a change of control (unless the unvested LTI awards are replaced by an equivalent award following the change of control), unvested LTI awards vest immediately on a pro rata basis considering performance conditions are met.

Information policy

Holcim reports to shareholders, the capital market, employees and the public at large in a transparent and timely manner concerning its corporate performance, including achievement of its sustainability targets. Open dialog is nurtured with the most important stakeholders, based on mutual respect and trust. This promotes knowledge of the company and understanding of its objectives, strategy, and business activities.

As a listed company, Holcim is under an obligation to disclose facts that may materially affect the share price (ad hoc disclosure, Art. 53 and 54 of the SIX Listing Rules). Holcim is subject to the SIX rules on the disclosure of management transactions made by the members of the Board of Directors and senior management. These can be accessed on the SIX website: ser-ag.com/management-transactions

The most important information tools are the annual and half-year reports, the website holcim.com, media releases, press conferences, meetings for financial analysts and investors, and the Annual General Meeting.

Anyone interested may subscribe to the media releases mailing list available at holcim.com/media to receive ad hoc announcements and relevant corporate news via email. All published media releases of Holcim from recent years can be downloaded at holcim.com/media

Current information relating to sustainable development is available at: holcim.com/sustainability

In keeping with our commitment to integrated reporting, we have published the main indicators of our non-financial performance in this report, including climate-related information previously published in our Climate Report.

The financial reporting calendar is shown on page 129 of this Annual Report.

Should there be any specific queries regarding Holcim, please contact:

Corporate Communications

Phone: +41 (0) 58 858 87 10

E-mail: media@holcim.com

Investor Relations

Phone: +41 (0) 58 858 87 87

E-mail: investor.relations@holcim.com

BLACKOUT PERIODS 

 2025                                            2024
 6 January 2025 to 27 February 2025 (included)   4 January 2024 to 27 February 2024 (included)
 3 April 2025 to 24 April 2025 (included)        3 April 2024 to 24 April 2024 (included)
 3 July 2025 to 30 July 2025 (included)          3 July 2024 to 25 July 2024 (included)
 3 October 2025 to 23 October 2025 (included)    3 October 2024 to 24 October 2024 (included)


Holcim deems financial results to be inside information. All persons who are involved in the preparation or could have access to financial results before their disclosure are included on the insider list. Persons considered having access to financial results are all members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee and their staff as well as employees in Group Finance, Communications and Legal. Employees in other functions may further be designated to be listed on the insider list.

Blackout periods commence when the consolidation of local financial data is initiated and end on the last day before the company’s financial results are disclosed to the public. Persons on the insider list will receive a notice prior to the commencement and at the end of the blackout periods. The notice will include the duties, responsibilities, including potential sanctions applicable in case of use of inside information as well the specific dates of the upcoming blackout periods.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

JAN JENISCH

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Professional background

A German national born in 1966, Jan Jenisch has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021 and has served as its Chairman since 2023.

Jan served as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Holcim from 2017 to 2024. In January 2024, he was tasked by the Board of Directors to lead the planned U.S. listing of Holcim’s North American business. In January 2025, he was appointed as the designated Chairman and CEO of the planned North American company, and will continue to serve as Chairman of Holcim until the company’s Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2025.

Jan joined Holcim as CEO in 2017, with the vision to lead Holcim to become the global leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions. He launched the industry’s first global ranges of low-carbon and circular building solutions from ECOPact and ECOPlanet to ECOCycle®. Jan accelerated green growth by expanding our Solutions & Products segment, while growing Holcim in the most attractive markets and advancing its leadership in sustainability.

Under Jan’s leadership Holcim reached a new level of financial performance based on a superior earnings profile, with industry-leading margins and a strong balance sheet.

Before joining Holcim, Jan was CEO of Sika AG since 2012. He led the company to achieve new performance standards for sales and profitability, and it became a member of the Swiss Market Index.

Jan studied in the U.S. and Switzerland and obtained his MBA from the University of Fribourg in 1993. In 2021, he received a Dr. h.c. for his accomplishments as CEO of two SMI companies.

Mandates in listed companies

n.a.

Other mandates

Active Member of the European Round Table for Industry (ERT)

Member of the Board of Directors of the Swiss-Japanese Chamber of Commerce (SJCC)

Lecturer at the University of Fribourg, Switzerland

HANNE BIRGITTE

BREINBJERG SØRENSEN

Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Directors

and Lead Independent Director

Chairwoman of the Nomination,

Compensation & Governance Committee

Professional background

A Danish national born in 1965, Hanne Birgitte Breinbjerg Sørensen was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2013.

Hanne Birgitte holds an MSc in Economics and Management from the University of Aarhus. Until the end of 2013, she was the Chief Executive Officer of Maersk Tankers, Copenhagen and served as Chief Executive Officer of Damco, The Hague, Netherlands, another company of the A.P. Møller-Maersk Group, Copenhagen, Denmark, from 2014 until 31 December 2016.

Mandates in listed companies

Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of Ferrovial S.E., Amsterdam, the Netherlands

Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Technology Committee, and Chairwoman of the Risk Committee of Tata Motors Ltd, Mumbai, India

Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Audit Committee and of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, Mumbai, India

Other mandates

Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Audit Committee and the Technology Committee, and Chairwoman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC, Coventry, UK (including its subsidiaries Jaguar Land Rover and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Ltd)

PHILIPPE BLOCK

Chairman of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee

Professional background

A Belgian national born in 1980, Philippe Block was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2020.

Philippe holds a Master's degree in Architectural Engineering from the Free University of Brussels (VUB), Belgium, and a Master's degree in Architectural Studies in Design and Computation and a Ph.D. in Building Technologies from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, U.S.

In 2009, Philippe was appointed Assistant Professor of Architecture and Structures at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) Zurich, Switzerland. In 2017, he was promoted to full professor. He is the Co-Director of the Block Research Group at ETH where he focuses his research on unreinforced masonry structures, computational structural design, and innovative construction techniques with a strong emphasis on sustainability and circularity.

As Director of the Swiss National Centre of Competence in Research (NCCR) for Digital Fabrication, Philippe is a renowned expert in structural design, computational engineering and digital fabrication of concrete construction with many publications and awards.

Mandates in listed companies

n.a.

Other mandates

Founding Partner of Foreign Engineering GmbH, Zurich, Switzerland

KIM FAUSING

Member of the Audit Committee

Professional background

A Danish national born in 1964, Kim Fausing has broad management experience from leading positions in global industrial companies.

He was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2020, and has been proposed as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Holcim. Subject to vote at the Annual General Meeting in 2025, Kim will succeed Jan Jenisch, who will not stand for re-election following his appointment as the designated Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the planned North American company.

Kim holds a Degree in Mechanical Engineering from Aarhus Teknikum, Denmark, and an MBA from Henley Business School, London, UK.

He has been President and Chief Executive Officer for the Danfoss Group (Denmark) since July 2017. Prior to this, he was Chief Operating Officer and member of the Executive Committee since January 2008, responsible for all Danfoss business segments as well as the Danfoss Business System and Global Procurement. In 2007, Kim joined Danfoss as President of the Danfoss Refrigeration & Air Conditioning Division.

Before this, from 1990 and until joining Danfoss, Kim held various international positions within the Hilti Group in Europe and Asia.

Mandates in listed companies

Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of SMA Solar Technology AG, Niestetal, Germany

Other mandates

n.a.

LEANNE GEALE

Member of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee

Professional background

A Canadian national born in 1965, Leanne Geale was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2022.

She holds an LLB from the Université de Montréal, Canada and a BA from the University of Alberta, Canada.

Leanne is currently Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel for Nestlé SA. Before this, Leanne was Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer of Royal Dutch Shell plc from 2014 to 2019, having joined Shell Canada in 2003.

At Shell, she held the positions of Associate General Counsel, Oil Products, Group Legal Services Coordinator, and Associate General Counsel, Heavy Oil and Head of Legal Canada.

Prior to joining Shell, Leanne was in-house counsel for international, publicly listed companies in banking (Royal Bank of Canada), mining (Rio Algom Limited) and manufacturing (Alcan Aluminium Limited).

Mandates in listed companies

n.a.

Other mandates

Member of the Board of Directors of CEELI Institute o.p.s., Prague, Czech Republic

Treasurer of the Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce

CATRIN HINKEL

Member of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee

Professional background

A German national born in 1969, Catrin Hinkel was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2024.

She studied at the European Partnership of Business Schools (ESB), Reutlingen and London, where she obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree.

Having served as Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft Switzerland since May 2021, she has over 25 years of experience in the tech industry across a variety of organizations and diverse cultures.

Catrin previously held leadership roles at Accenture, most recently as Senior Managing Director, Europe Cloud First Strategy & Consulting Lead.

For her commitment to digital innovation, Catrin has been named by Swiss magazine BILANZ as one of Switzerland’s Digital Shapers 2022, and by Forbes DACH in its list of C-Suite Women in Tech.

Mandates in listed companies

n.a.

Other mandates

Member of the Executive Committee, Digital Switzerland

Member of the Board, ASUT Industry Association

Member of the Supervisory Board, Helmholtz Center for Information Security (CISPA)

NAINA LAL KIDWAI

Chairwoman of the Audit Committee

Member of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee

Professional background

An Indian national born in 1957, Naina Lal Kidwai was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2019.

She holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, Boston, U.S.

Naina started her career in 1982 and until 1994 was at ANZ Grindleys Bank plc. From 1994 to 2002, she was Vice-Chairwoman and Head of Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley India before moving to HSBC, where she was Chairwoman of the HSBC Group of Companies in India and served on the Board of HSBC Asia Pacific, until her retirement in December 2015.

Naina was President of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI), and also served for 12 years until 2018 as Non-Executive Director of Nestlé S.A., Vevey, Switzerland.

Her interests in water and the environment are reflected in engagements with The Shakti Sustainable Energy Foundation, Global Commission on Economy & Climate, and positions as Chair of the FICCI Sustainability, Energy and Water Council and Chair of the India Sanitation Coalition.

Mandates in listed companies

Non-executive Member of the Board of Directors of Gland Pharma Ltd, Hyderabad, India

Non-executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the Sustainability and Stakeholder Committee of UPL Ltd, Mumbai, India

Non-executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the Sustainability and Nomination & Remuneration Committees of Biocon Ltd, Bangalore, India

Other mandates

Non-executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the CSR and Sustainability and Nomination and Remuneration Committees of Nayara Energy Ltd, Mumbai, India

Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of Rothschild & Co India Private Limited, Mumbai, India

ILIAS LÄBER

Member of the Audit Committee

Member of the Nomination,

Compensation & Governance Committee

Professional background

A Swiss national born in 1974, Ilias Läber was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2022.

He holds an MSc in Engineering from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich, Switzerland, and an MA in Economics from University of Zurich, where he obtained a doctorate in 2004.

Ilias began his professional career at McKinsey & Company, where he served from 2001 to 2008, ultimately as Associate Principal. From 2008 to 2019 he was with Cevian Capital as a Partner and Managing Director of the Swiss office. From 2013 until 2019, he was on the Board of Directors of Panalpina Welttransport Holding AG, where he served as Chairman of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. In 2019, he joined Quercis Pharma AG as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chairperson of the Board of Directors.

In 2021, Ilias joined Spectrum Value Management Ltd as CEO and Partner - the firm administers the industrial and private investments of the Thomas Schmidheiny family. In this capacity he serves as a Member of the Board of Directors of Spectrum Value Management Ltd., of the Grand Resort Bad Ragaz AG and as Chairman and Managing Partner of SEO Management AG.

Mandates in listed companies

Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of CANCOM SE, Munich, Germany

Member of the Board of Directors of dormakaba Holding AG, Rümlang, Switzerland

Other mandates

Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Swiss Automotive Group AG, Cham, Switzerland

MICHAEL H. MCGARRY

Member of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee

Professional background

A U.S. national born in 1958, Michael H. McGarry was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2024.

He is a Mechanical Engineering graduate of the University of Texas, and has completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.

Michael is a highly-accomplished global business leader who most recently served as Executive Chairman of PPG Industries in 2023, and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2016 to 2022. During his tenure, PPG Industries led a successful portfolio transformation to become one of the world’s largest specialty coatings companies, with net sales of USD 18.2 billion in 2023.

After joining PPG Industries as an engineer in 1981, Michael took on roles of increasing responsibility across all regions, from sales and market development in Pittsburgh, U.S., to leading a specialty business in Bangkok, Thailand, and serving as managing director, PPG Europe, in Switzerland.

Mandates in listed companies

Member of the Board of Directors of United States Steel Corporation, Pittsburgh, U.S.

Member of the Board of Directors of Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Tokyo, Japan

Member of the Board of Directors of C.H. Robinson, Eden Prairie, MN, U.S.

Other mandates

n.a.

JÜRG OLEAS

Member of the Audit Committee

Member of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee

Professional background

A Swiss national born in 1957, Jürg Oleas was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2014.

He retired from the Holcim Board in the context of the LafargeHolcim merger closing effective 10 July 2015, and was re-elected at the AGM 2016.

In January 2025, ahead of the planned listing of Holcim’s North American business, Jürg was appointed as a designated independent director to serve on the Board of Directors of the planned North American company. The Board will become effective following the execution of the planned spin-off, expected by the end of the first half of 2025.

Jürg holds an MSc in Mechanical Engineering from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich, Switzerland.

He was Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft, a Düsseldorf-based mechanical engineering company listed on Germany’s MDAX stock index, and has been a member of the GEA Group Executive Board since joining the company in May 2001. Initially responsible for the Group’s chemical activities, he was appointed CEO of GEA Group on 1 January 2005.

Before joining GEA Group, Jürg spent nearly 20 years with ABB and the Alstom Group, where he held several management positions.

Mandates in listed companies

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Member of the Audit and of the Nomination and Compensation Committees of Hochdorf Holding AG, Hochdorf, Switzerland, which was renamed HOCN AG in 2024

Other mandates

Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Audit Committee of RUAG International Holding AG, Bern, Switzerland

CLAUDIA SENDER RAMIREZ

Member of the Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee

Member of the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee

Professional background

A Brazilian national born in 1974, Claudia Sender Ramirez was elected to the Board of Directors of Holcim in 2019.

She holds a BS in Chemical Engineering from the Polytechnic School, University of São Paulo, Brazil, and an MBA from Harvard Business School, Boston, U.S..

Claudia was Senior Vice President for Clients at LATAM Airlines Group until May 2019. Before this, she was Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of LATAM Airlines Brazil from 2013. Claudia joined TAM Airlines in 2011 as Commercial and Marketing Vice President. In 2012, following the LAN and TAM mergers, she became responsible for the Brazil Domestic Business Unit.

Claudia also worked for several years in the Consumer Goods industry, focusing on marketing and strategic planning. Prior to joining LATAM, Claudia was Marketing Vice President at Whirlpool Latin America, where she worked for seven years. She has also worked as a consultant at Bain & Company, on projects ranging from telecommunications to airlines.

Mandates in listed companies

Member of the Board of Directors of Telefonica S.A., Madrid, Spain

Member of the Board of Directors, Chairwoman of the Compensation and Succession Committee and member of the Governance Committee of Gerdau S.A., São Paulo, Brazil

Member of the Board of Directors, Chairwoman of the People and ESG Committee and Member of the Audit and Risk Committee of Embraer S.A., São Paulo, Brazil

Other mandates

Delegate Commission, Telefonica Hispam and Telefonica Tech Advisory Committees, Madrid, Spain

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

MILJAN GUTOVIC

Chief Executive Officer

Professional background

An Australian national born in 1979, Miljan Gutovic was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Holcim, effective 1 May 2024. Driven by a strong sense of purpose to decarbonize building at scale, Miljan leads the company’s commitment to deliver record performance and value for all stakeholders.

Miljan began his Holcim career in 2018, when he was appointed Head of Middle East & Africa, and became a member of the Group Executive Committee that July. In March 2021 he became Region Head for Europe, and in November 2022 expanded his role to lead Holcim’s Operational Excellence organization, focusing on decarbonization.

As Region Head Europe, Miljan turned sustainable growth into profitable growth, with an ambitious decarbonization roadmap delivering leading EBIT margins and increasing customer demand for advanced sustainable building solutions from ECOPact to ECOPlanet. A bold M&A strategy also contributed to strong regional growth and significantly expanded our footprint.

Miljan drove decarbonization across the Group in his Operational Excellence role: leading on renewable and green energy use, expanding green formulation, accelerating green mobility and deploying next-generation technologies such as carbon capture, utilization and storage.

He previously worked for the specialty chemical company, Sika in various management roles in Australia and the Middle East.

Miljan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering and a PhD in Engineering from the University of Technology in Sydney.

Other activities and functions

Member of the Board of Directors of the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA)

Member of the Executive Committee, World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)

STEFFEN KINDLER

Chief Financial Officer

Professional background

A German national born in 1970, Steffen Kindler was appointed Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in April 2023, when he also became part of the Executive Committee.

Before joining Holcim, Steffen held positions of increasing responsibility at Nestlé over 25 years, most recently serving as CFO for Nestlé Germany.

His broad experience spans key business roles including Head of Finance and Control of Nestlé Beverage USA, based in Los Angeles, CFO of Nestlé Waters Europe, based in Paris, as well as responsibility for business development, based in the New York metropolitan area.

In addition, Steffen held roles of global responsibility for Nestlé’s key corporate functions such as Head of Investor Relations and Senior Advisor in Mergers & Acquisitions, based in Vevey, Switzerland.

Steffen holds a degree in Business Administration and Computer Science (Diplom Wirtschaftsinformatik) from the University of Mannheim.

Other activities and functions

Member of the CFO Coalition for the Sustainable Development (SDGs), United Nations Global Compact

Member of the CFO Network of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)

Member of the CFO Platform of the European Round Table for Industry (ERT)

JAMIE M. GENTOSO

Global Head, Solutions & Products Business Unit

Professional background

An American national born in 1977, Jamie M. Gentoso was appointed Global Head Solutions & Products Business Unit and member of Holcim’s Group Executive Committee in March 2021. Previously, she was Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Holcim’s U.S. cement organization. Before joining Holcim, Jamie was Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Construction Specialties at Sika Corporation U.S.

Jamie has global responsibility for the Solutions & Products Business Unit at Holcim. This includes Elevate (formerly Firestone Building Products), Malarkey Roofing Products and Duro-Last Roofing Systems. Jamie has also sat on the Board of Directors for several industry organizations, including the Ready Mix Concrete Foundation, Precast Concrete Educational Foundation and the Concrete Industry Management (CIM) program.

Jamie received both her MBA and Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from the University of Michigan.

Other activities and functions

Member of the Board of Directors of PSEG, a public utility in the U.S.

Member of the Leadership Advisory Board (LAB) for the University of Michigan, College of Engineering

MARTIN KRIEGNER

Region Head Asia, Middle East & Africa

Professional background

An Austrian national born in 1961, Martin Kriegner was appointed Head of Asia Pacific and member of the Group Executive Committee of Holcim in August 2016. Since October 2022, he has been the Region Head for Asia, Middle East & Africa.

Martin joined the Group in 1990 and has held various senior leadership roles across Europe and Asia. He moved to India as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in 2002 and later served as Regional President Cement for Asia, based in Kuala Lumpur. In 2012, he was appointed CEO for Cement, Ready-mix and Aggregates in India.

In July 2015, he became the company’s Area Manager Central Europe.

Martin is a graduate of Vienna University and holds a Doctorate in Law. He also obtained an MBA from the University of Economics in Vienna.

OLIVER OSSWALD

Region Head Latin America

Professional background

A Swiss national born in 1971, Oliver Osswald was appointed Head of Latin America and member of the Group Executive Committee of Holcim in August 2016.

Oliver’s career at Holcim began in 1995 at Holcim Apasco, Mexico. Between 1995 and 2005, he was responsible for various cement plants in Switzerland and Germany. From 2005, he moved into management and marketing positions at Holcim in Switzerland.

Under his leadership, Holcim successfully contributed to the construction of the longest railway tunnel in the world - the Gotthard Base Tunnel.

Oliver was appointed Commercial Director for Holcim Apasco in Mexico in 2012, before being appointed Country Head for Argentina in 2014. In 2016, Oliver took on the role of Region Head, Latin America, and also served as Global Head of Trading between 2019 and 2024.

In Latin America, Oliver has played a fundamental role in turning Holcim into a large-scale integrated construction enterprise present in 10 markets. Holcim is making a vital contribution to modernizing the region’s infrastructure and construction sector, achieving market-leading profitability and industry-leading margins in all markets.

Oliver is a graduate of the Technische Hochschule in Ulm, Germany, and holds an Executive Education Degree from Harvard Business School, U.S.

NOLLAIG FORREST

Chief Sustainability Officer

Professional background

A Swiss national born in 1976, Nollaig Forrest was appointed as Chief Sustainability Officer and a member of the Group Executive Committee of Holcim, as well as Board Member of the Holcim Foundation for Sustainable construction, in September 2023.

Nollaig joined Holcim in 2020 as Group Head of Corporate Affairs, in charge of Group Communications, Public Affairs and Branding. Since joining the company, she has played an instrumental role in Holcim’s net-zero transition, partnering with strategic influencers across the value chain, from architects and public authorities to media and employees, to decarbonize building at scale.

Before working at Holcim, Nollaig was Vice President of Corporate Communications at Firmenich. She has also held leading Public Affairs roles at Dow, DuPont and the World Economic Forum.

Nollaig holds a Masters Degree in International Relations from the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva, Switzerland. She has also completed the Yale-WBSCD Sustainability Leadership and INSEAD International Marketing programs.

Other activities and functions

Member of the MIT Climate and Sustainability Consortium Advisory Council

Member of Bloomberg New Economy Dynamic Cities Coalition

COMPENSATION REPORT

Executive compensation is designed to reinforce the Holcim strategy by helping the company attract, motivate and retain talent while aligning their interests with those of shareholders.

The executive compensation structure balances rewards for short-term performance and long-term success by combining absolute and relative as well as financial and non-financial performance objectives, and by delivering compensation through a mix of cash and equity. To further strengthen alignment with shareholders, executives are expected to build up a minimum level of Holcim share ownership over time.

The Compensation Report provides detailed information on the compensation programs at Holcim, on the compensation awarded to the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee for 2024 and on the governance framework around compensation. It is written in accordance with the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Directive on Information relating to Corporate Governance of the SIX Swiss Exchange and the principles of the Swiss Code of Best Practice for Corporate Governance of economiesuisse.

Dear shareholders,

I am pleased to share with you the Holcim Compensation Report for the 2024 financial year, which was prepared in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. As a leading global provider of innovative and sustainable building solutions, we aim to be an employer of choice. This is supported by a compensation framework designed to attract, motivate and retain the qualified talent needed to succeed globally and to provide excellent returns to you, our shareholders.

Holcim delivered another year of record results in 2024, with record Recurring EBIT and an industry-leading Recurring EBIT margin of 19.1%. Driving profitable growth across all regions, we continued scaling up our sustainable building solutions: ECOPact reached 29% of total ready-mix sales and ECOPlanet reached 26% of cement sales. We continued to lead in circular construction as well, recycling 10.2 million tons of construction demolition materials, and further reduced CO2 per net sales to achieve a 44% reduction since 2020.

In this report, we will explain how our performance in 2024 impacted the compensation awarded to the members of the Executive Committee under the incentive plans.

The Nomination, Compensation and Governance Committee (NCGC) performed its regular duties throughout the reporting year. These include succession planning for the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, setting performance objectives at the beginning of the year and assessing performance at year-end. The NCGC also determines compensation for members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, and prepares the Compensation Report, as well as say-on-pay votes at the Annual General Meeting.

Miljan Gutovic was appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Holcim effective 1 May 2024. Miljan took over from former CEO Jan Jenisch. Jaime Hill was appointed Region Head North America effective 3 September 2024. He took over from Toufic Tabbara, who pursued opportunities outside of Holcim. Carmen Díaz was appointed Chief People Officer effective 1 October 2024, succeeding Feliciano González Muñoz who retired from Holcim at the end of 2024. Lukas Studer was appointed Group General Counsel effective 1 November 2024. He succeeded Mathias Gaertner who pursued a new career opportunity outside of Holcim. Jaime Hill, Carmen Díaz, Lukas Studer, Simon Kronenberg and Dragan Maksimovic are not Group Executive Committee members.

With regard to the Board of Directors, Catrin Hinkel and Michael McGarry were elected as members of the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2024.

Kim Fausing will be proposed as the new Board Chairman at the Annual General Meeting 2025. Subject to vote at this meeting, he will succeed Jan Jenisch, who will not stand for re-election following his appointment as the designated Chairman and CEO of the planned North American company. Jan Jenisch, currently Board Chairman of Holcim, is leading the planned listing of the North American business and previously served as Holcim’s CEO from 2017 to 2024.

On compensation matters, the NCGC reviewed the peer groups used for benchmarking, the performance indicators and target setting for the incentive plans (with a focus on ESG), the share usage for equity plans, compensation levels as well as the overall design of the compensation programs. The NCGC concluded that the compensation system continues to be aligned with the overall business strategy and shareholder interests and is well balanced. As a result, no changes were implemented in 2024 with the exception of the increase in the annual incentive target from 75 to 90% of the annual base salary and an amendment made to a sustainability objective in the long-term incentive. Those changes are explained in greater detail in this report. In the context of the planned spin-off of the North American business and the related changes in Holcim’s structure, a thorough review has been launched to assess the compensation program’s overall design. The results of this review will be presented in the next Compensation Report.

You will find further details regarding the NCGC's activities as well as the compensation-related decisions made during the reporting year in this report. You will have the opportunity to express your opinion about this Compensation Report in a consultative shareholder vote at the Annual General Meeting 2025.

We are convinced that the compensation framework supports our commitment to creating both financial and non-financial value over the long term and is well-aligned with our shareholders’ interests. In the future, we will continue to review and assess our compensation programs while fostering an open dialog with our shareholders and their representatives.

Having served on the Board of Directors since 2013, I will not stand for re-election at this year’s Annual General Meeting. It has been my privilege to serve, and to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance for Holcim.

Thank you for sharing your perspectives on executive compensation with us. I trust that you will find this Compensation Report informative.

HANNE BIRGITTE BREINBJERG SØRENSEN

Chairwoman of the NCGC

Compensation at a glance

Summary of compensation of the Board of Directors in 2024

To ensure their independence in their supervisory function, members of the Board of Directors receive fixed compensation only. This is delivered in the form of cash and shares blocked for five years. The compensation system for the Board of Directors does not contain any performance-related components.

Summary of compensation of the Executive Committee in 2024

The executive compensation framework is designed to reinforce Holcim’s strategy by helping the company attract, motivate and retain talent while aligning their interests with those of the shareholders and stakeholders. The compensation structure is well balanced: it rewards short-term and long-term performance, it combines absolute and relative as well as financial and non-financial performance objectives and it delivers compensation through a mix of cash and equity.

The compensation of the Executive Committee consists of fixed and variable elements. Fixed compensation includes base salary and benefits based on prevalent market practice. 

 Annual retainer (gross)   Cash (CHF)   Shares (CHF)   Expense allowance (CHF)   Committee fees (gross)   Chair- person (CHF)   Member (CHF)
 Board chairperson1        1,450,000    1,450,000      10,000                    AC                       160,000               40,000
 Board vice-chairperson1   200,000      200,000        10,000                    NCGC                     125,000               40,000
 Board member              100,000      100,000        10,000                    HSSC                     125,000               40,000


1 The Board chairperson and vice-chairperson are not eligible for committee fees

Variable compensation comprises short-term and long-term elements as described below. It is based on ambitious and stretched performance objectives and it rewards Group and regional results. Clawback and malus provisions apply to the annual and the long-term incentive (LTI) plans.

Executive Committee members are subject to a share ownership guideline: the CEO must hold at least 500% of his annual base salary in shares, other Executive Committee members 200%.

SUMMARY OF COMPENSATION OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE IN 2024 

 Compensation element    Purpose                                                                           CEO                                               Other Executive Committee members
 Base salary             Reward for the role                                                                                                                
 Pensions and benefits   Protect against risks, attract and retain                                                                                          
 Annual incentive        Reward short-term performance                                                     Target: 125% of salary                            Target: 90% of salary
                         • Group relative sales growth (15%)                                               Maximum payout: 200% of target (250% of salary)   Maximum payout: 200% of target (180% of salary)
                         • Group relative Recurring EBIT growth (15%)                                                                                       
                         • Recurring EBIT (20%)                                                                                                             
                         • Free Cash Flow after leases (35%)                                                                                                
                         • Health, Safety and Environment (15%)                                                                                             
 Long-term incentive     Reward long-term performance (3-5 years) and align with shareholders’ interests   Performance shares:                               Performance shares:
                         Performance shares:                                                               Grant value: 125% of salary                       Grant value: 70% of salary
                         • EPS before impairment and divestments                                           Maximum vesting: 200% of target                   Maximum vesting: 200% of target
                         • ROIC                                                                            Performance options:                              Performance options:
                         • Sustainability                                                                  Grant value: 52.4% of salary                      Grant value: 26.3% of salary
                         • Performance options:                                                            Maximum vesting: 100% of target                   Maximum vesting: 100% of target
                         • Relative TSR                                                                                                                     


Compensation of the Board of Directors for 2024

The compensation awarded to the Board of Directors in the 2024 financial year is within the limits approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. Since the compensation period is not yet completed, a definitive assessment will be provided in the 2025 Annual Report.

Compensation of the Executive Committee for 2024

The compensation awarded to the Executive Committee for the 2024 financial year is within the limits approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting 2023.

Summary of performance in 2024

Holcim delivered record results in 2024 in challenging market conditions. Growing our multi-billion brands to meet customers’ needs, 36% of net sales came from advanced branded solutions in 2024 (versus 30% in 2023). We met customer demand for sustainable building solutions and achieved profitable growth across all regions.

Recurring EBIT reached a record CHF 5,049 million in 2024, up 10.5% organically, with a Recurring EBIT margin of 19.1%. Holcim delivered another record Free Cash Flow after leases of CHF 3,801 million, with a cash conversion of 57%. Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) rose to 11.2%, while earnings per share before impairment and divestments hit a new high of CHF 5.70.

We continued to lead in circular construction, recycling 10.2 million tons of construction demolition materials (+20% compared to the prior year). Advancing our leadership in sustainability, Holcim further reduced CO2 per net sales, achieving a 44% reduction since 2020.

Annual incentive 2024: payout of 165.1% of target on average for Executive Committee.

Long-term incentive 2022: vesting level of 167.0% for the performance shares granted in 2022.

Compensation governance

Authority for decisions related to compensation is governed by the Articles of Incorporation and the Organizational Regulations of Holcim Ltd as described in the Corporate Governance section.

The prospective maximum aggregate amounts of compensation of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee are subject to binding shareholders’ votes at the Annual General Meeting.

The Compensation Report is subject to a consultative vote by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

The Board of Directors is supported by the NCGC for all matters related to compensation and governance. The NCGC members are elected annually by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. 

 Compensation period   Approved amount (CHF)   Effective amount (CHF)
 AGM 2023 - AGM 2024   3,000,000               2,790,875
 AGM 2024 - AGM 2025   6,500,000               To be determined1


1 The compensation period is not yet completed; a definitive assessment will be provided in the 2025 Compensation Report 

 Compensation period   Approved amount (CHF)   Effective amount (CHF)
 2024 financial year   36,000,000              26,956,006


COMPENSATION AWARDED FOR 2024

CEO 

 Base salary           20%
 Pension & benefits    4%
 Annual incentive      41%
 Long-term incentive   35%


EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEMBERS 

 Base salary           30%
 Pension & benefits    11%
 Annual incentive      36%
 Long-term incentive   23%


Compensation system:

Board of Directors

To guarantee their independence in exercising their supervisory duties, the members of the Board of Directors receive fixed compensation only and do not participate in Holcim’s employee benefits plan. Part of the compensation is paid in blocked shares to strengthen alignment with shareholders’ interests.

Board compensation consists of an annual retainer for the board chairperson, board vice-chairperson and board members plus additional fees for assignments to the committees of the Board of Directors, either as chairperson or member. The board chairperson and vice-chairperson are not eligible for committee fees. The annual retainer is paid half in cash and half in shares subject to a five-year restriction period (prohibition of sale or pledging). Committee fees are paid in cash.

Additionally, a lump-sum expense allowance is paid in cash. The members of the Board of Directors receive no additional reimbursements of business expenses beyond travel costs incurred abroad.

Cash compensation is paid quarterly for the board members and monthly for the board chairperson. The shares are transferred in March for the past reporting year.

The board chairman is being remunerated for his role on the Board of Directors since the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) was appointed on 1 May 2024 and has ceased receiving compensation for his role as CEO. He did not receive any compensation for his role on the Board of Directors prior to this.

In exceptional circumstances, additional fees are payable to board members when an exceptional workload beyond the regular function of the Board of Directors is required. No such fees were paid in the reporting year.

AGM 2025 onwards

The compensation of the Board of Directors is benchmarked regularly, most recently in 2022, based on the board compensation of other industrial SMI companies including ABB, Geberit, Givaudan, Lonza, Nestle, Novartis, Richemont, Roche, SGS and Sika (please refer to the “Compensation governance” section for further details on the benchmark peer group).

The analysis showed that the compensation structure is aligned with prevalent market practice. In terms of compensation levels, the annual retainer and the committee fees for the chairperson roles are above market median, while they are below market for the board and committee members without a chairperson role.

Considering the complexity of the work of the Board of Directors and its committees as well as the substantial additional requirements of the board and committee chairpersons, the NCGC concluded that this is appropriate and decided not to make any change to the compensation model. In the context of the planned listing of the North American business and the consequent change in Holcim’s structure, a thorough review of the compensation model has been initiated.

COMPENSATION MODEL OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

 Annual retainer (gross)               Cash compensation in CHF   Share-based compensation3 in CHF   Expense allowance in CHF
 Board chairperson since AGM 20241,2   1,450,000                  1,450,000                          10,000
 Board vice-chairperson1               200,000                    200,000                            10,000
 Board member                          100,000                    100,000                            10,000


 Committee fees (gross p.a.)1                Cash compensation in CHF
 Audit Committee chairperson                 160,000
 Other committee chairpersons (NCGC, HSSC)   125,000
 Committee member                            40,000


1 The board chairperson and vice-chairperson are not eligible for committee fees.

2 The Board Chairman was not eligible for any compensation for this role during his double mandate (from AGM 2023 until AGM 2024).

3 Converted into shares based on the average share price between 1 January 2025 and 15 February 2025.

Compensation system:

Executive Committee

Compensation principles

Executive compensation is designed to reinforce the Holcim strategy by helping the company attract, motivate and retain talent while aligning their interests with those of shareholders. The compensation programs are based on the principles described on the right.

Compensation model of the Executive Committee

Compensation for members of the Executive Committee includes the following elements:

Annual base salary

Pensions and benefits

Variable compensation: annual and long-term incentives

Base salaries

Annual base salaries are established on the basis of the following factors:

Scope, size, and responsibilities of the role; skills required to perform the role

External market value of the role

Skills, experience and performance of the individual in the role

To ensure market competitiveness, the base salaries of the Executive Committee are reviewed annually taking into consideration the company’s affordability, benchmark information, internal consistency and individual performance. The objective is to provide salaries broadly in line with competitive market practice at selected comparable SMI companies (please refer to the “Compensation governance” section for further details on the benchmarking peer group).

DRIVE SUSTAINABLE AND SOCIAL IMPACT

Our compensation programs are directly linked to our sustainability strategy and to our climate goals in particular. Extensive risk-taking and short-termism are strongly discouraged, especially when such behaviors could jeopardize our sustainable success. We believe in equal pay for equal work. Our compensation programs are straightforward and communicated transparently, both internally and externally.

PAY FOR PERFORMANCE

Our incentive plans reward short-term performance and long-term success through a balanced combination of absolute and relative performance objectives as well as financial and non-financial metrics. Non-financial goals focus on climate, the environment and our broader role in society.

ACCELERATE INNOVATION

With a strong focus on growth and sustainability, our compensation programs incentivize re-invention of our products and services to reach net zero. Our competitive compensation also helps us attract, retain and motivate highly talented individuals who contribute to this goal while also maintaining an agile and diverse workplace.

CREATE SHAREHOLDER VALUE

Our share-based compensation plans foster long-term thinking and success as they strengthen our management’s alignment with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Our executives are expected to build a minimum level of share ownership over time so they always have ”skin in the game”.

COMPENSATION MODEL OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 

 Element                     Purpose                                Structure                                                                                  Drivers                                             Performance objectives
 Base salary                 Attract and retain                     Fixed amount, paid out monthly in cash                                                     • Role & responsibilities                          
                                                                                                                                                               • Market value                                     
                                                                                                                                                               • Experience                                       
 Pensions and insurances     Protect against risks                  Pension contributions and insurances                                                       • Market practice                                  
                                                                                                                                                               • Role                                             
 Benefits                    Attract and retain                     • Perquisites                                                                              • Market practice                                  
                                                                    • Company car or allowances                                                                • Role                                             
 Annual incentive            Reward for short-term performance      Annual variable amount, paid out half in cash and half in shares blocked for three years   Annual financial and non-financial performance      • Group relative sales growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   • Group relative Recurring EBIT growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   • Recurring EBIT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   • Free Cash Flow after leases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   • Health, Safety and Environment
 Long-term incentive (LTI)   • Reward for long-term performance     • Performance shares, subject to a three-year vesting period                               Long-term financial and non-financial performance   • EPS before impairment and divestments
                             • Align with shareholders’ interests   • Performance options, subject to a five-year vesting period                                                                                   • ROIC
                             • Retain                                                                                                                                                                              • Sustainability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   • Relative TSR


Pension

Executive Committee members participate in the benefits plans available in their country of employment. Benefits consist mainly of retirement, insurance and healthcare plans that are designed to provide a reasonable level of protection for the employees and their dependents with regard to health, retirement, death and disability. Those members of the Executive Committee with a Swiss employment contract participate in Holcim’s defined benefit pension scheme for Swiss-based senior management. Under this scheme, executives retiring from Holcim at age 62 - assuming 10 years of service in senior management and 20 years of service within the Group - receive 40% of their base salary (average of the last three years before retirement, based on calendar years). Early or deferred retirement pensions are adjusted based on actuarial calculations. Pension plans for members of the Executive Committee under foreign employment contracts are commensurate with market conditions and their position. Each plan varies in line with the local competitive and legal environment and is, as a minimum, in accordance with the legal requirements of the respective country.

Benefits and perquisites

Members of the Executive Committee may receive certain executive perquisites such as a company car or allowances and other benefits in kind, in line with competitive market practice in their country of employment. Executives who are relocating may also be provided with expatriate benefits such as housing, schooling, travel benefits and tax advice, in line with Holcim’s International Mobility Policy. These other compensation elements are included in the compensation table at fair value.

Annual incentive

The annual incentive rewards the financial results as well as the achievement of a Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) objective at Group and regional level (depending on the function) over a time horizon of one year.

The annual incentive target (i.e., incentive amount at 100% target achievement) is expressed as a percentage of the base salary and amounts to 125% for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and 90% for other members of the Executive Committee. The target amount for the members of the Executive Committee was increased from 75 to 90% of the annual base salary. This was to account for the fact that the compensation levels of the Executive Committee members have not been adjusted in the last few years (with the exception of recently promoted members), while market levels have evolved. Payout is capped at 200% of target, i.e., 250% of base salary for the CEO and 180% of the base salary for the other Executive Committee members.

Financial performance is measured both in absolute terms (against self-set targets) and in relative terms compared with a peer group of companies that are exposed to similar market cycles.

Absolute financial performance includes Recurring EBIT as a measure of operational profitability at the Group and regional level as well as Free Cash Flow after leases as a measure of the company’s ability to generate cash. For those objectives, the Board determines a target level of expected performance (corresponding to a 100% payout), as well as a threshold level of performance (below which there is no payout) and a maximum level of performance which corresponds to the maximum possible payout (cap).

Relative financial performance includes Group sales growth and Group Recurring EBIT growth compared with peer companies. Group sales growth and Recurring EBIT growth are measured against peer companies with the aim of neutralizing market factors that fall outside of management’s control. The objective here is to perform better than the peer companies (regardless of market circumstances) and to at least achieve median performance within the peer group, which corresponds to a 100% payout factor. The peer group includes companies that were chosen for their comparable products, technologies, customers, suppliers or investors, i.e., companies that are exposed to similar market conditions. The companies of the peer group are listed below. Relative Group performance is measured by Obermatt, an independent Swiss financial research firm that specializes in indexing company performance.

PERFORMANCE PEER GROUP 

 Acciona        Cemex                  Saint-Gobain
 ACS            CRH                    Sika
 Bouygues       Heidelberg Materials   Vicat
 Buzzi Unicem   James Hardie           Vinci
 Carlisle       RPM                   


Boral was acquired by Seven Group Holdings in 2024 and was therefore removed.

ANNUAL INCENTIVE

PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES AND WEIGHTINGS 

 Performance objective                  Weighting
 Relative Group sales growth            15%
 Relative Group Recurring EBIT growth   15%
 Recurring EBIT                         20%
 Free Cash Flow after leases            35%
 Health, Safety and Environment         15%


The achievement of the Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) objective is measured using a scorecard that includes both leading and lagging performance objectives and is based on four elements.

HSE Improvement Plan (HSE-IP): The HSE-IP is determined at country level and includes strategic objectives such as key risk control, process safety management, health & well-being, industrial hygiene, road safety and incident elimination control. For the regions and the Group, the level of achievement is determined based on the average of the HSE-IP scores of the countries or regions.

Critical Risk Elimination (CRE): CRE objectives include action closure based on the findings of an HSE audit and on the safety management process for each country. For the regions and the Group, the level of achievement is determined based on the average of the CRE scores of the countries or regions.

Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR): LTIFR score reflecting improvements in the Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate at country, regional and Group level.

Management evaluation criteria: evaluation of the overall workplace safety outcome for the year.

The annual incentive is paid out half in cash and half in shares, subject to a three-year blocking period.

The annual incentive design applicable to the Executive Committee is summarized on page 174.

The annual incentive is subject to clawback and malus provisions. In case of financial restatement due to non-compliance with the accounting standards and/or fraud, an infringement of law and/or internal rules, the Board of Directors may deem all or part of the annual incentive to be forfeit (malus) or may seek reimbursement of all or part of any paid annual incentive (clawback). Those provisions may be enforced within three years of any year subject to a financial restatement or during which the fraudulent behavior occurred.

If employment is terminated and an entitlement to the annual incentive exists, this is paid pro rata. It is based on the effective performance (determined after year-end) and capped at the target amount (pro rata).

2025 onwards

The design of the annual incentive remains unchanged for 2025.

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT SCORECARD

Overall HSE Continuous Improvement Score (CIS)

92.40 

          Threshold   Target   Stretch
 CIS      55          85       100
 Payout   50%         100%     200%


Health, Safety and Environment Improvement Plan (HSE-IP)

At country level: strategic objectives in the areas of

Leadership and competence

Key risk control and process safety management

Systems & processes

Health, well-being and industrial hygiene

Road safety: on-site and off-site traffic safety

Incident elimination control

HSE-IP score based on percentage completion of strategic objectives (score of 85 if all objectives are achieved)

Critical Risk Elimination (CRE)

At country level: Group HSE audit and Process Safety Management (PSM) inspection

CRE score based on action closure (score of 100% if action closure of audit + PSM findings completed on time)

Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)

Number of on-the-job injuries that require a person to stay away from work for a day or more per one million hours worked, goal to improve versus previous year

LTIFR score based on specific target set at country, region or Group level

Management evaluation criteria

Evaluation of the overall outcome during the year with regard to workplace safety at country, region or Group level

DESIGN OF THE ANNUAL INCENTIVE 2024 

 Role                                                       CEO                                                                                                                                                                                                         Other Executive Committee members
 Target opportunity                                         125% of salary                                                                                                                                                                                              90% of salary
 Maximum opportunity                                        250% of salary                                                                                                                                                                                              180% of salary
 Performance objectives                                     Relative Group performance                                                                            Recurring EBIT growth                                                                                 Free Cash Flow after leases                                                                           Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) (Group or region)1
                                                                                                                                                                  (Group or region)1                                                                                    (Group or region)1                                                                                   
 Purpose                                                    Measures Group’s performance compared to peer companies exposed to similar market cycles              Measures Group or regional operational profitability                                                  Measures the company’s ability to generate cash                                                       Measures health, safety and environment indicators to ensure a safe workplace
 Definition                                                 Relative Group sales growth (50%) and relative Group Recurring EBIT growth (50%) expressed as percentile ranking in the peer group of companies and measured on a constant scope basis (factoring out divestments and acquisitions occurring in the current year and the prior year). Group Recurring EBIT growth is then divided by net sales of prior year (both adjusted for scope)  Organic growth versus prior year of the Recurring EBIT is defined as Operating profit/loss (EBIT) adjusted for restructuring, litigation, other non-recurring costs and for impairment of operating assets  Cash flow from operating activities, adjusted for net maintenance and expansion capital expenditures as well as for the repayment of long-term lease liabilities  100-point scorecard based on four elements: Health, Safety and Environment Improvement Plan (HSE-IP), Critical Risk Elimination (CRE), Lost-Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) and management evaluation criteria
                                                                                                                                                                  Organic growth information is information factoring out changes in the scope of consolidation (such as divestments and acquisitions occurring in current and prior year) and currency translation effects (current year figures are converted with prior year exchange rates in order to calculate the currency effects)                                                                                                       
 Weighting                                                  30%                                                                                                   20%                                                                                                   35%                                                                                                   15%
 Targets for 2024                                           Ranking at the median of the peer group. This is unchanged compared to the ranking target applicable in 2023 and is in line with our ambition to outperform our peers on top-line and bottom-line growth  Recurring EBIT growth target of 5%. This is an increase compared to the target of 3% growth in 2023   Free Cash Flow after leases of CHF 3.1 billion. This is an increase compared to the target of CHF 2.6 billion for 2023, which is driven by the “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth”  85 points on the HSE scorecard. This is unchanged compared to the HSE targets applicable in 2023 and is in line with our ambition to improve health, safety and environment globally
 Payout formula (threshold, target and cap for the Group)   25 percentile | Median | 75 percentile                                                                +0% | +5% | +10%                                                                                      CHF 2.6B | CHF 3.1B | CHF 3.6B                                                                        55 points | 85 points | 100 points


1 Group level for corporate Executive Committee roles, regional level for regional Executive Committee roles.

Long-term incentives

Our compensation philosophy is to align a significant portion of Executive Committee compensation with long-term company performance and to strengthen alignment with shareholders’ interests. To support “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth”, the grant awarded under the long-term incentive consists of both performance shares and performance options.

Performance shares

Performance shares are subject to a three-year vesting period based on three equally weighted performance objectives: Earnings per share (EPS) before impairment and divestments, Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) adjusted for material changes in scope, and sustainability. These performance objectives have been chosen as they reflect the Group’s strategic priorities of increasing profitability through strong operating leverage (EPS), improving how the company generates profits relative to the capital it has invested in its business (ROIC) and mitigating the company’s impact on the environment (sustainability). The sustainability objective encompasses three pillars of the company’s sustainability strategy, in line with Holcim’s commitment to building a net-zero future with science-based targets (see also the box on the right):

Climate: reduction of CO2 emissions (Scope 1) per ton of cementitious material produced (50% by weight). Scope 1 includes all emissions released directly from operations and accounts for around 61% of the Group’s overall footprint. These are at the core of Holcim’s emissions strategy.

Circularity: construction demolition materials (CDM) (25% by weight). To align the circularity performance objective in upcoming regulatory frameworks, the waste-derived resources performance objective was replaced by CDM. This is defined as the total volume of recycled material that comes from the construction, renovation, repair and demolition of houses, large building structures, roads, bridges, piers and dams.

Nature: reduce freshwater withdrawal per ton of cementitious material produced (25% by weight).

For all three objectives, the board determines a threshold performance level (below which there is no vesting), a target level (vesting of 100%) and a stretch performance level (vesting of 200%). Vesting is calculated on a straight-line basis between these levels.

Performance options

Performance options are subject to a five-year vesting period based on Holcim’s relative total shareholder return (TSR) compared with a group of peer companies. They have a maturity of ten years. Threshold vesting (25% of the maximum) will be achieved if the median of the peer group is reached, target vesting (50% of maximum) will be achieved if the 60th percentile is reached, and full vesting (100%) will be achieved if the 75th percentile is reached on average during the five-year vesting period. There will be no vesting for performance below the median of the peer group. The vesting level between threshold, target and full vesting is calculated on a straight-line basis. The companies of the peer group are the same as for the annual incentive and are listed on page 172.

Once vested, the LTI awards (performance shares and performance options) are not subject to any further holding period. The performance option can be exercised during a period of five years following vesting.

Unvested LTI awards shall be forfeited upon termination of employment, except in the case of retirement, ill health, disability, employment in a company/business that ceases to be a Group member, termination by the employer within 18 months of a relevant merger & acquisition transaction or in any other cases at the discretion of the NCGC. In such circumstances, unvested LTI awards are subject to a pro rata vesting (for the number of full months between the grant date and the termination date), without acceleration i.e., the vesting of the pro-rated number of awards will occur on the regular vesting date, subject to performance measurement over the entire performance period. In the event of death or a change of control (unless the unvested LTI awards are replaced by an equivalent award following the change of control), unvested LTI awards vest immediately on a pro rata basis assuming that performance conditions are met. For the sake of clarity, LTI awards always lapse when termination is due to voluntary resignation or gross misconduct.

LTI awards are subject to clawback and malus provisions for a period of three years after vesting in case of financial restatement, error or if inaccurate or misleading information was used to assess the fulfillment of performance conditions or a termination for cause.

The design of the long-term incentive for the Executive Committee is summarized on the following page.

Science-based targets

Holcim's commitment to building progress for people and the planet includes ambitious targets related to climate, waste and freshwater withdrawal. Holcim was the first global building materials company to sign the “Business Ambition for 1.5°C” pledge with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and in November 2022 it upgraded its 2030 climate targets, validated by SBTi, in line with the sector’s new 1.5°C science-based framework.

The CO2 target included in the performance objectives of the long-term incentive is based on CO2 targets validated by the SBTi.

2025 onwards

The design of the LTI remains unchanged for 2025.

DESIGN OF THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE 

 Role                          CEO                                                                                                                                                                                                         Other Executive Committee members
 Grant size in 2024            177.4% of salary (125% in performance shares, 52.4% in performance options)                           96.3% of salary (70% in performance shares, 26.3% in performance options)
 Performance objectives        EPS growth before impairment and divestments (performance shares)                                     ROIC (performance shares)                                                                             Sustainability                                                                                        Relative TSR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (performance shares)                                                                                  (performance options)
 Purpose                       Measure the company’s profitability to investors                                                      Measure the company’s ability to generate returns from invested capital                               Measure the company’s improvement in terms of mitigating the impact of its operations on the          Measure the company’s ability to provide investors with strong returns
 Definition                    EPS adjusted for after-tax gains and losses on disposals of Group companies and impairments of goodwill and long-term assets  ROIC at year-end 2026, adjusted for changes in scope between 2024 and 2026                            Climate and energy: net CO2 emissions (Scope 1) measured in kg CO2/t of cementitious material (50% weight); construction demolition materials (CDM) measured in million tons (25% weight); nature: freshwater withdrawn in liters of freshwater/t of cementitious material (25% weight)  Holcim’s TSR over the five-year performance period, starting on 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2028, expressed as a percentile ranking in a peer group of companies
                               It is defined as:                                                                                     It is defined as:                                                                                                                                                                                           It is defined as:
                               +/- Net income/loss                                                                                   +/- Net operating profit/ loss after tax (NOPAT) : Average invested capital (average invested capital = invested capital at beginning of year + Invested capital at year end, sum divided by 2)                                                                                                        Share price at end of period
                               +/- Gains and losses on disposals of Group companies, net of taxation                                 In case of material change in the scope during the year, average invested capital is adjusted pro rata temporis                                                                                                        - Share price at beginning of period
                               +/- Impairment of goodwill and long-term assets, net of taxation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  + Dividends paid during the period
                               : Weighted average number of outstanding shares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   : Share price at beginning of period
 Weighting                     331 /3 % of performance share grant                                                                   331 ?3 % of performance share grant                                                                   331 ?3 % of performance share grant                                                                   100% of performance option grant
 Performance period            2024-2026                                                                                             2026                                                                                                  2026                                                                                                  2024-2028
 Targets for the 2024 grant    EPS growth of 5% p.a. This is unchanged compared with the EPS target applicable to the performance shares granted in 2023  ROIC of 11% in 2026. This is an increase by 2 percentage points compared with the ROIC target for 2025 applicable to the performance shares granted in 2023 and is in alignment with “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth”  CO2 emissions of 505 kilograms per ton of cementitious material produced in 2026 compared with the target of 520 kilograms set in 2023. CDM of 12 million tons recycled in 2026 (new metric). Freshwater withdrawal of 277 liters per ton of cementitious material produced in 2026 compared with the target of 292 liters set in 2023  Ranking at the 60th percentile of the peer group. This is unchanged compared with the ranking target applicable to the performance options granted in 2023 and is in line with our ambition to outperform our peers in terms of shareholder return
 Performance vesting           +4% | +5% | +6%                                                                                       +10% | +11% | +12%                                                                                    CO2 (kg/t cem) 517 | 505 | 493                                                                        Median | 60th percentile | 75th perentile
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CDM 10.5 | 12.0 | 13.5                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Freshwater (l/t cem) 289| 277 | 265                                                                  
 Maximum vesting level         200%                                                                                                  200%                                                                                                  200%                                                                                                  100%
 Vesting and holding periods   Three-year cliff vesting                                                                              Three-year cliff vesting                                                                              Three-year cliff vesting                                                                              Five-year cliff vesting
                               No further holding period                                                                             No further holding period                                                                             No further holding period                                                                             No further holding period 10-year maturity (in total)


Executive share ownership guidelines

To reflect the importance the NCGC places on aligning their interests with shareholders, Executive Committee members are required to own at least a minimum multiple of their annual base salary in Holcim shares as set out below:

Chief Executive Officer: 500% of annual base salary

Other Executive Committee members: 200% of annual base salary

Members of the Executive Committee are expected to meet the minimum shareholding requirements within four years of their appointment to the Executive Committee. To calculate whether the minimum shareholding requirement is met, all shares purchased on the market and vested shares from incentive plans are considered. Unvested performance shares and options are, however, excluded.

Executive Committee members are prohibited from selling any shares held in the event of non-compliance with the minimum requirements on the date stipulated. Furthermore, their annual incentive (net of statutory deductions) will be paid out entirely in shares. Compliance with the share ownership guidelines is monitored on an annual basis. The current shareholdings of the members of the Executive Committee can be found on page 184.

Employment contracts for the Executive Committee

The employment contracts of the Executive Committee members are concluded for an indefinite period and may be terminated with one year’s notice. Employment contracts do not contain severance compensation or change of control clauses except for the vesting provisions of the LTI awards as described above. They may include non-competition provisions that are limited in time to a maximum of one year and which may allow for compensation of up to a maximum of 50% of the last total annual compensation paid.

Compensation for the 2024 financial year

The tables on pages 178 and 179 were audited according to Article 734a-f of the Swiss Code of Obligations.

C: Committee Chair

M: Member

AC: Audit Committee

NCGC: Nomination, Compensation and Governance Committee

HSSC: Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee

BOARD OF DIRECTORS (AUDITED) 

                          Positions as of 31 December          Share-based compensation
 Name                     AC                            NCGC   HSSC   Cash compensation CHF gross   Number   Value CHF gross
 Jan Jenisch1                                                         966,667                       10,681   966,667
 Beat Hess2                                                                                                 
 Hanne B. Sørensen                                      C             200,000                       2,210    200,000
 Philippe Block                                                C      225,000                       1,105    100,000
 Kim Fausing              M                                           140,000                       1,105    100,000
 Leanne Geale                                                  M      140,000                       1,105    100,000
 Catrin Hinkel3                                                M      81,667                        645      58,333
 Patrick Kron2                                                                                              
 Naina Lal Kidwai         C                                    M      300,000                       1,105    100,000
 Ilias Läber              M                             M             180,000                       1,105    100,000
 Michael McGarry3                                       M             81,667                        645      58,333
 Jürg Oleas               M                             M             180,000                       1,105    100,000
 Claudia Sender Ramirez                                 M      M      180,000                       1,105    100,000
 Total                                                                2,675,001                     21,916   1,983,333


 Name                     Other4 CHF gross   Subtotal CHF gross   Social security5 CHF   Total 2024 CHF gross   Total 2023 CHF gross
 Jan Jenisch1             6,667              1,940,001            4,675                  1,944,676              0
 Beat Hess2                                                                              0                      724,855
 Hanne B. Sørensen        10,000             410,000              0                      410,000                410,000
 Philippe Block           10,000             335,000              4,675                  339,675                339,675
 Kim Fausing              10,000             250,000              0                      250,000                250,000
 Leanne Geale             10,000             250,000              4,675                  254,675                254,675
 Catrin Hinkel3           5,833              145,833              4,328                  150,161                0
 Patrick Kron2                                                                           0                      154,167
 Naina Lal Kidwai         10,000             410,000              0                      410,000                343,333
 Ilias Läber              10,000             290,000              4,675                  294,675                294,675
 Michael McGarry3         5,833              145,833              0                      145,833                0
 Jürg Oleas               10,000             290,000              0                      290,000                290,000
 Claudia Sender Ramirez   10,000             290,000              4,456                  294,456                294,455
 Total                    98,333             4,756,667            27,484                 4,784,151              3,355,835


1 Board chair as of AGM 2023, but has only received compensation as Board Chair since AGM 2024.

2 Board member until AGM 2023.

3 Board member since AGM 2024.

4 Expense allowances.

5 This amount includes social security contributions to the extent that they result in a future benefit entitlement. Additional contributions that do not result in an increase in the benefit entitlement are excluded (additional contributions in the amount of CHF 125,165 are excluded).

Explanations

In 2024, eleven non-executive members of the Board of Directors received in total compensation of CHF 4.8 million (2023: CHF 3.4 million), of which CHF 2.7 million was paid out in cash (2023: CHF 1.9 million), CHF 0.03 million in the form of social security contributions (2023: CHF 0.02 million), and CHF 2.0 million in shares (2023: CHF 1.3 million). Other compensation paid totaled CHF 0.1 million (2023: CHF 0.1 million).

Compensation in 2024 was higher than in 2023 because the Board Chairman received compensation for his role as Board Chairman from the AGM 2024 onward. The Board Chairman did not receive any compensation for his board role for the previous term due to the dual mandate. The compensation structure and levels for all the other roles on the Board of Directors remained unchanged from the previous year.

At the Annual General Meeting 2023, shareholders approved a maximum aggregate amount of compensation of CHF 3,000,000 for the Board of Directors for the term until the Annual General Meeting 2024. The compensation paid to the Board of Directors for this term was CHF 2,790,875 and is hence within the approved limits.

At the Annual General Meeting 2024, shareholders approved a maximum aggregate amount of compensation of CHF 6,500,000 for the Board of Directors for the term until the Annual General Meeting 2025. The compensation paid to the Board of Directors for this term is anticipated to be approximately CHF 6.0 million. The final amount will be disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE (AUDITED) 

                                                                                                                      Performance shares3
 Executive                          Base salary CHF gross   Other fixed pay2 CHF gross   Annual incentive CHF gross   Fair value at grant CHF gross
 Miljan Gutovic, CEO                800,000                 17,333                       1,737,500                    1,032,161
 1 May until 31 December 2024                                                                                        
 Jan Jenisch, former CEO            600,000                 8,667                        1,303,125                    774,176
 1 January until 30 April 2024                                                                                       
 Other members1                     5,247,109               590,039                      6,995,181                    3,400,772
 1 January until 31 December 2024                                                                                    
 Total                              6,647,109               616,039                      10,035,806                   5,207,109


                                    Performance options4                                                                      
 Executive                          Fair value at grant CHF gross   Social/pension contributions5 CHF   Total 2024 CHF gross   Total 2023 CHF gross
 Miljan Gutovic, CEO                419,200                         152,999                             4,159,193              -
 1 May until 31 December 2024                                                                                                 
 Jan Jenisch, former CEO            314,400                         129,514                             3,129,882              9,465,496
 1 January until 30 April 2024                                                                                                
 Other members1                     1,237,760                       2,196,070                           19,666,931             24,113,685
 1 January until 31 December 2024                                                                                             
 Total                              1,971,360                       2,478,583                           26,956,006             33,579,181


1 Miljan Gutovic’s compensation for the period 1 January 2024 until 30 April 2024, in his role as Region Head Europe & Operational Excellence, is included under “Other members”.

2 Includes the value of benefits in kind: car allowance and benefits for internationally mobile members (expatriates) such as housing, schooling, and tax consulting.

3 Performance shares granted under the long-term incentive plan, subject to a three-year performance-based vesting period.

The disclosed amount corresponds to the fair value at grant.

4 Performance options granted under the long-term incentive plan, subject to a five-year performance-based vesting period.

The disclosed amount corresponds to the fair value at grant.

5 Includes contribution to social security and occupational pension plans. Contributions to social security plans for members employed in Switzerland include social security contributions to Swiss old age, survivors and disability insurance (OASI/AHV/IV/EO) to the extent that they result in a future benefit entitlement.

Additional contributions that do not result in an increase of the benefit entitlement are excluded (additional contributions in the amount of CHF 1,349,859 are excluded). Contributions to social security plans for members employed outside of Switzerland include the contributions effectively paid in the reporting year.

Explanations

The total annual compensation for the ten members of the Executive Committee for 2024 amounted to CHF 27.0 million (2023: CHF 33.6 million). This amount comprises base salaries, other fixed pay and annual incentives totaling CHF 17.3 million (2023: CHF 21.9 million), equity-based long-term incentives totaling CHF 7.2 million (2023: CHF 8.4 million) as well as employer contributions to social security and pension plans totaling CHF 2.5 million (2023: CHF 3.3 million).

The compensation changes for 2024 compared with 2023 are mainly caused by the following factors:

The composition of the Executive Committee has changed compared with the previous year. No new members were appointed to the Executive Committee to replace three members who left the company. Their compensation, however, is still included for the duration of their notice period during the reported year. The compensation table thus contains ten Executive Committee members in 2024, eight of which on a full-year basis, compared with twelve Executive Committee members in 2023, nine of whom on a full-year basis.

The compensation for the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) was set below the compensation of the previous CEO. This was done in line with Holcim’s policy of setting target compensation for newly promoted members at a level that is below the market median at the time of promotion and subsequently increasing it to market level over a reasonable period of time.

The base salary of one Executive Committee member was increased between 2023 and 2024. No base salaries have been adjusted for any other Executive Committee members. Considering that the target STI and LTI are defined as a fixed percentage of the base salary, the target STI and LTI increased in monetary terms for the member who received the salary increase.

The 2024 STI target amount for the members of the Executive Committee was increased from 75 to 90% of the annual base salary.

2024 was another record year for Holcim. The overall annual incentive payout of 165.1% compares to an overall payout of 174.8% in the previous year. Further details are provided on the next page.

The compensation awarded to the Executive Committee members for 2024 in the amount of CHF 26,956,006 is within the total maximum compensation of CHF 36,000,000 for the Executive Committee for the 2024 financial year that had been approved at the Annual General Meeting 2023.

Performance in 2024

Holcim delivered record results in 2024 in challenging market conditions. Growing our multi-billion brands to meet customers’ needs, 36% of net sales came from advanced branded solutions in 2024 (versus 30% in 2023). We met customer demand for sustainable building solutions and achieved profitable growth across all regions.

Recurring EBIT reached a record CHF 5,049 million in 2024, up 10.5% organically, with a Recurring EBIT margin of 19.1%. Holcim delivered another record Free Cash Flow after leases of CHF 3,801 million, with a cash conversion of 57%. Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) rose to 11.2%, while earnings per share before impairment and divestments hit a new high of CHF 5.70.

We continued to lead in circular construction, recycling 10.2 million tons of construction demolition materials (+20% compared to the prior year). Advancing our leadership in sustainability, Holcim further reduced CO2 per net sales, achieving a 44% reduction since 2020.

With its 2024 results, the Group exceeded its internal targets for Recurring EBIT growth and Free Cash Flow after leases.

One region reached the stretch level of performance on both Recurring EBIT growth and Free Cash Flow after leases. With regard to Health, Safety & Environment (HSE), the safety of the workplace was again substantially improved year on year and the performance targets were exceeded.

Overall, the annual incentive amounted to 173.8% of target for the CEO (217.2% of salary) and 162.7% on average for the other members of the Executive Committee (146.4% of salary). The ratio of variable versus total compensation amounted to 76.7% for the CEO and to 59.2% on average for the other members of the Executive Committee.

PAYOUT OF THE ANNUAL INCENTIVE IN 2024 

 Performance objectives                                           Results                                                                                                                           Payout percentage
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Threshold   Target   Stretch
 Relative Group performance (30%)1                                Holcim achieved the 32nd percentile in the peer group with Group net sales growth of -3.3% (on an adjusted basis for the purpose of external benchmarking based on a common methodology applied to the reported figures of Holcim and of the peer companies: constant scope; translation of all peers to Swiss francs as the common currency). Holcim achieved the 87th percentile in the peer group with Recurring EBIT growth of 1.0% (scaled by sales and on an adjusted basis). Holcim achieved the 60th percentile (138% payout factor) on a combined basis.  Net sales growth            []                  
                                                                                                                                                                        Recurring EBIT growth                            []
 Recurring EBIT (20%) (Group or regional)                         Organic growth in Group Recurring EBIT was 10.5% for 2024 compared with a target of 5%. This corresponds to a payout factor of 200%. The regional Recurring EBIT performance was mixed, with one region below the target (80% payout factor) and all other regions between 160% and 200%.  Group Reccuring EBIT                             []
                                                                                                                                                                        Regional Reccuring EBIT     [           ]       
 Free Cash Flow after leases (35%) (Group or regional)            Group Free Cash Flow (FCF) after leases was CHF 3,801 million compared with a target of CHF 3,100 million, which corresponds to a payout factor of 200%. Performance with respect to regional FCF after leases was mixed and ranged from 104% to 200%, with two regions exceeding the stretch (200%).  Group FCF after leases                           []
                                                                                                                                                                        Regional FCF after leases               [        ]
 Health, safety and environment (HSE) (15%) (Group or regional)   The HSE scorecard includes three elements (HSE-IP, CRE and LTIFR) as well as a management evaluation criteria. The management evaluation criteria allow HSE performance to be assessed beyond the three elements HSE-IP, CRE, and LTIFR. In 2023, the decision was made to cap the scorecard score at the target level in any region where severe incidents occurred. This approach has been applied in two regions and for the Group (weighted average of regional adjustments). At Group level, the payout factor was 149% (195% without the scorecard cap). At regional level, it ranged from 100% to 200% (188% to 200% without the scorecard cap). Further information on Health & Safety is provided in the integrated annual report on pages 112-113.  Group HSE score                                  []
                                                                                                                                                                        Regional HSE score                      [        ]
 Total                                                                                                                                                                  Overall payout of 173.8% for the CEO and of 162.7% on average for the other Executive Committee members2


1 The relative Group performance assessment is based on a best estimate at time of publication (i.e., it includes an estimate for companies that had not yet published their annual results). The final achievement level will be calculated by Obermatt before the payout date in March 2025 based on the annual report publications of the peer companies.

2 Excluding three former Executive Committee members, as their payout is capped at 100% of target.

Performance shares granted in 2021 vested in March 2024 conditional upon EPS before impairment and divestments, ROIC, and sustainability objectives all measured in 2023. The vesting of this grant is disclosed in the first table below.

Performance shares granted in 2022 will vest in March 2025 conditional upon EPS before impairment and divestments, ROIC, and sustainability objectives all measured in 2024.

The performance period applying to this grant is therefore already completed and the payout of the plan can already be assessed. The vesting of this grant applies to all current six Executive Committee members and is disclosed in the second table below.

Performance options granted in 2019 were subject to a five-year vesting period based on total shareholder return (TSR). The vesting level in March 2024 was 90%, resulting in 90% vesting.

Performance options granted in 2020 are subject to a five-year vesting period based on total shareholder return (TSR) and will vest in March 2025.

VESTING OF THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2024: PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED UNDER THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2021 

 Grant                     Performance objectives     Definition                                                                                            Target                      Result and payout                                                                                     Payout calculation
 2021 Performance shares   EPS growth (331 ?3 %)      Earnings per share before impairment and divestments in 2023: adjusted for after-tax gains and losses on disposals of Group companies as well as impairments of goodwill and long-term assets  EPS growth of 7%            EPS of CHF 5.42 leads to a 200% payout                                                                331 ?3 % × 200%
                           ROIC (331 ?3 %)            Return on Invested Capital at year end 2023, adjusted for changes in scope between 2021 and 2023      ROIC of 8%                  ROIC of 10.6%                                                                                         331 ?3 % × 200%
                                                                                                                                                                                        leads to a 200% payout                                                                               
                           Sustainability 331 ?3 %)   Climate and energy in 2023: Scope 1 net CO2 emissions measured in kg CO2/t of cementitious material (50% weight); circular economy in 2023: quantity of waste re-used in millions of tons (25% weight); environment in 2023: freshwater withdrawn in liters of freshwater/t of cementitious material (25% weight)  CO2 (kg/t cem): 547         CO2 of 545.0 (kg/t cem), waste of 36.3 (mt) and freshwater of 297.7 (l/t cem) lead to a 130.4% payout  331 ?3 % × 130.4%
                                                                                                                                                            Waste (mt): 38                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                            Freshwater (l/t cem): 311                                                                                                        
                           Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Overall vesting of 176.8%


VESTING OF THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2025: PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED UNDER THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2022 

 Grant                     Performance objectives      Definition                                                                                            Target                      Result and payout                                                               Payout calculation
 2022 Performance shares   EPS growth (331 ?3 %)       Earnings per share adjusted for after-tax gains and losses on disposals of Group companies and impairments of goodwill and long-term assets  EPS growth of 5%            EPS of CHF 5.70                                                                 331 ?3 % × 200%
                                                                                                                                                                                         leads to a 200% payout                                                         
                           ROIC (331 ?3 %)             Return on Invested Capital at year end 2024, adjusted for changes in scope between 2022 and 2024      ROIC of 8.5%                ROIC of 11.2%                                                                   331 ?3 % × 200%
                                                                                                                                                                                         leads to a 200% payout                                                         
                           Sustainability (331 ?3 %)   Climate and energy: CO2 emission (scope 1) measured in kg CO2/t cem (50% weight); circular economy: quantity of waste recycled in million tons (25% weight); environment: freshwater withdrawn in liters freshwater/t cem (25% weight)  CO2 (kg/t cem): 534         CO2 of 538.1 (kg/t cem), waste of 38.3 (mt) and freshwater of 277.0 (l/t cem)   331 ?3 % × 100.9%
                                                                                                                                                             Waste (mt): 41              lead to a 100.9% payout                                                        
                                                                                                                                                             Freshwater (l/t cem): 302                                                                                  
                           Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Overall vesting of 167.0%


VESTING OF THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2024: PERFORMANCE OPTIONS GRANTED UNDER THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2019 

 Grant                      Performance objectives   Definition                                                                                            Target                                                          Result and payout                                               Payout calculation
 2019 Performance options   Relative TSR (100%)      Holcim’s TSR over the five-year performance period, starting on 1 January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2023, expressed as a percentile ranking in a peer group of companies  Relative TSR ranking at the 60th percentile of the peer group   Holcim’s ranking at the 72nd percentile leads to a 90% payout   100% × 90%
                            Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Overall vesting of 90%


VESTING OF THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2025: PERFORMANCE OPTIONS GRANTED UNDER THE LONG-TERM INCENTIVE IN 2020 

 Grant                      Performance objectives   Definition                                                                                            Target                                                          Result and payout                                                Payout calculation
 2020 Performance options   Relative TSR (100%)      Holcim’s TSR over the five-year performance period, starting on 1 January 2020 and ending on 31 December 2024, expressed as a percentile ranking in a peer group of companies  Relative TSR ranking at the 60th percentile of the peer group   Holcim’s ranking at the 84th percentile leads to a 100% payout   100% × 100%
                            Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Overall vesting of 100%


Loans or credit facilities granted to members of governing bodies

There were no loans or credit facilities granted to members or former members of the Executive Committee, members or former members of the Board of Directors or to parties closely related to members or former members of governing bodies in 2024. There were no loans or credit facilities to any of those parties outstanding on 31 December 2024.

Compensation for former members of governing bodies

In 2024, a former member of the Executive Committee received total compensation of CHF 0.9 million (2023: 0.2 million) during the notice period. During 2024 and 2023, no payments were made to other former members of the Executive Committee, members of the Board of Directors, or to parties closely related to members or former members of the governing bodies.

Share ownership information

Board of Directors

On 31 December 2024, the members of the Board of Directors held a total of 624,101 registered shares in Holcim Ltd. This number comprises privately acquired shares and those allotted under participation and compensation schemes. Until the announcement of market-relevant information or projects to the public, the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and any employees possessing such market-relevant information are prohibited from effecting transactions with equity securities or other financial instruments of Holcim Ltd, exchange-listed Group companies or potential target companies (trade restriction period).

Ownership of shares and options: Executive Committee

As of 31 December 2024, the members of the Executive Committee held a total of 308,626 registered shares in Holcim Ltd. This figure includes both privately acquired shares and those allocated under participation and the Group’s compensation schemes.

SHARES HELD BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (AUDITED) 

 Name                     Position                    Shares held as of   Shares held as of
                                                      31 December 2024    31 December 2023
 Jan Jenisch              Chairman                    540,000             600,000
 Hanne B. Sørensen        Vice-Chairwoman             23,176              20,105
 Philippe Block           Member                      6,575               5,039
 Kim Fausing              Member                      6,575               5,039
 Leanne Geale             Member                      2,638               1,102
 Catrin Hinkel            Member (since 8 May 2024)   0                   0
 Naina Lal Kidwai         Member                      8,542               7,006
 Ilias Läber              Member                      11,043              9,102
 Michael McGarry          Member (since 8 May 2024)   0                   0
 Jürg Oleas               Member                      17,010              15,474
 Claudia Sender Ramirez   Member                      8,542               7,006
 Total                                                624,101             669,873


NUMBER OF SHARES AND OPTIONS HELD BY EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEMBERS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2024 (AUDITED) 

 Name              Position   Total number of shares owned   Total number of performance options held (at target)   Total number of performance options held (at maximum)   Total number of performance shares held (at target)   Total number of performance shares held (at maximum)
 Miljan Gutovic    CEO        107,040                        218,731                                                437,461                                                 35,466                                                70,932
 Nollaig Forrest   Member     4,370                          23,246                                                 46,491                                                  10,254                                                20,508
 Jamie Gentoso     Member     30,997                         99,869                                                 199,738                                                 23,235                                                46,470
 Steffen Kindler   Member     7,455                          38,267                                                 76,534                                                  15,631                                                31,262
 Martin Kriegner   Member     108,764                        183,961                                                367,922                                                 25,535                                                51,070
 Oliver Osswald    Member     50,000                         185,842                                                371,683                                                 26,011                                                52,022
 Total                        308,626                        749,916                                                1,499,829                                               136,132                                               272,264


NUMBER OF SHARES AND OPTIONS HELD BY EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEMBERS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023 (AUDITED) 

 Name                       Position   Total number of shares owned   Total number of performance options held (at target)   Total number of performance options held (at maximum)   Total number of performance shares held (at target)   Total number of performance shares held (at maximum)
 Jan Jenisch                CEO        600,000                        1,023,681                                              2,047,362                                               129,445                                               258,890
 Nollaig Forrest            Member     0                              5,581                                                  11,162                                                  6,745                                                 13,490
 Mathias Gaertner           Member     21,463                         n/a                                                    n/a                                                     n/a                                                   n/a
 Jamie Gentoso              Member     22,139                         79,703                                                 159,405                                                 24,646                                                49,292
 Feliciano González Muñoz   Member     69,506                         193,205                                                386,409                                                 26,673                                                53,346
 Miljan Gutovic             Member     84,909                         201,503                                                403,005                                                 28,724                                                57,448
 Steffen Kindler            Member     1,000                          17,005                                                 34,009                                                  9,241                                                 18,482
 Martin Kriegner            Member     91,124                         210,462                                                420,923                                                 28,428                                                56,856
 Oliver Osswald             Member     50,000                         208,066                                                416,132                                                 28,724                                                57,448
 Toufic Tabbara             Member     11,198                         55,154                                                 110,308                                                 18,974                                                37,948
 Total                                 951,339                        1,994,360                                              3,988,715                                               301,600                                               603,200


Furthermore, at the end of 2024, the Executive Committee held a total of 749,916 registered options and 136,132 performance shares (at target); these arose as a result of the participation and compensation schemes of various years. Options are issued solely on registered shares in Holcim Ltd. One option entitles the holder to buy one registered share in Holcim Ltd.

The outstanding share options held by the Executive Committee (including former members) at year-end 2024 have the following expiry dates and exercise prices: 

                                                          Number      Number
 Option grant date   Expiry date         Exercise price   2024        2023
 2015                2025          CHF   50.19            0           12,600
 2019                2029          CHF   49.92            0           1,071,329
 2020                2030          CHF   45.62            1,669,835   1,684,944
 2021                2031          CHF   51.07            723,975     748,368
 2022                2032          CHF   46.14            831,895     906,671
 2023                2033          CHF   57.59            546,961     624,304
 2024                2034          CHF   71.21            433,066     0
 Total                                                    4,205,732   5,048,216


Equity overhang and dilution as of 31 December 2024

As of 31 December 2024, the equity overhang - defined as the total number of unvested share units and options divided by the total number of shares issued - amounts to 0.85%.

The company's gross burn rate - defined as the total number of equities (shares, share units and options) granted in 2024 divided by the total number of shares issued - amounts to 0.15%.

Compensation governance

Rules relating to compensation in Holcim’s Articles of Incorporation

The Articles of Incorporation contain provisions regarding the approval of compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Management (Art. 23), the supplementary amount for new members of the Executive Committee (Art. 24), the general compensation principles (Art. 25) as well as provisions regarding the agreements with members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee (Art. 26). Moreover, the Articles of Incorporation contain provisions regarding the roles of the Board of Directors and the NCGC (Art. 14 to 21). The Articles of Incorporation are approved by the shareholders and are available at holcim.com/article-incorporation

Annual General Meeting - shareholder involvement

According to Art. 23 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Annual General Meeting approves annually the maximum aggregate compensation of the Board of Directors for the period from the Annual General Meeting to the next Annual General Meeting as well as the maximum aggregate compensation of the Executive Committee for the following financial year. In addition, the Compensation Report is submitted to the Annual General Meeting for an advisory vote on a yearly basis.

Art. 24 of the Articles of Incorporation provides for a supplementary amount for Executive Committee members who become members of, or who are promoted to, the Executive Committee during a compensation period for which the Annual General Meeting has already approved the aggregate compensation of the Executive Committee and if the compensation amount approved is not sufficient to cover the compensation of the new members.

The supplementary amount per compensation period shall not exceed 40% of the aggregate amount of compensation last approved by the Annual General Meeting and does not require further shareholder approval.

Nomination, Compensation & Governance Committee

In accordance with Article 21 of the Articles of Incorporation, the NCGC supports the Board of Directors in establishing and reviewing Holcim’s nomination, compensation and governance strategy and guidelines as well as in preparing the motions to the Annual General Meeting regarding the nomination and compensation of the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. In particular, the NCGC performs the following duties:

Nomination: Review of the composition and size of the Board of Directors to ensure appropriate expertise, diversity and independence; succession planning for the Board of Directors and its committees; preparation of the motions to the Annual General Meeting for (re-) election of candidates for positions on the Board of Directors and in the NCGC; succession planning and nominations for positions on the Executive Committee.

Compensation: Planning and preparation of the compensation of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee; preparation of the motions to the Annual General Meeting regarding compensation of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee; determination of the compensation strategy and design of compensation programs including incentive plans; planning and preparation of the targets and performance assessment of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and other members of the Executive Committee; preparation of the Compensation Report.

Governance: Dealing with all corporate governance-related matters; review of proposals to be made to the Board of Directors for amendments of the Articles of Incorporation, the Organizational Rules, the committee charters, the Code of Business Conduct, the overall policy landscape and the policies and directives approved by the Board of Directors; review of the criteria for determining the independence of members of the Board of Directors; approval of external mandates for the CEO and other Executive Committee members; review of the annual assessment of the functioning and effectiveness of the Board of Directors; review of the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.

The following table summarizes the decision authorities between the NCGC, the Board of Directors and the Annual General Meeting on compensation matters.

DECISION AUTHORITIES 

                                                                    NCGC       Board of Directors                                 Annual General Meeting
 Compensation strategy and design                                   Proposes   Approves                                          
 Compensation Report                                                Proposes   Approves                                           Advisory vote
 Maximum aggregate compensation amount of the Board of Directors    Proposes   Reviews                                            Approves (binding vote)
 Individual compensation of members of the Board of Directors       Proposes   Approves (within the budget approved by the AGM)  
 Maximum aggregate compensation amount of the Executive Committee   Proposes   Reviews                                            Approves (binding vote)
 Individual compensation of members of the Executive Committee      Proposes   Approves (within the budget approved by the AGM)  
 Setting performance objectives for the incentive plans             Proposes   Approves                                          


The NCGC is composed of five members of the Board of Directors (compared with four members for the previous term of office) who are elected individually by the Annual General Meeting for a period of one year. At the Annual General Meeting 2024, Hanne Birgitte Breinbjerg Sørensen (Chairwoman), Ilias Läber, Jürg Oleas and Claudia Sender Ramirez were re-elected to the NCGC and Michael H. McGarry was elected as a new member of the NCGC.

The NCGC holds ordinary meetings at least four times a year. In 2024, the NCGC held four ordinary meetings according to the annual schedule below and four additional extraordinary meetings on succession planning for the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, and on the planned spin-off of the North American business.

ANNUAL NCGC MEETING SCHEDULE 

                February                                                                                       July                                                                                            October                                                     December
 Nomination     • Proposal of elections to the Board of Directors                                              • Selection criteria and succession planning of the Board of Directors                          • Diversity & inclusion                                     • Update on succession planning of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee
                • Proposal of the Board of Directors composition for coming term (committees)                  • Selection criteria and succession planning of the Executive Committee and senior management   • Learning strategy review                                 
                                                                                                               • Performance evaluation of the Executive Committee                                             • Social dialog update                                     
                                                                                                               • Country CEO succession and top appointments                                                                                                              
 Compensation   • Proposal of AGM motions (amounts to be submitted to a shareholder vote)                      • Review of the compensation strategy and system (design)                                       • Board compensation benchmarking (every 2-3 years)         • Proposal on Board compensation system (every 2-3 years)
                • Performance assessment and incentive payouts for the Executive Committee (previous period)   • Review of the disclosure approach (feedback from shareholders)                                • Review of the incentive plan design for the coming year   • Executive Committee compensation benchmarking (annually)
                • LTI grant for the Executive Committee and senior management (current year)                                                                                                                   • Forecast of expected incentive payouts (current year)     • Determination of Executive Committee target compensation for the coming year
                • Approval of Executive Committee incentive targets for current year                                                                                                                                                                                       • Determination of plan design and performance targets for the Executive Committee for the coming year (annual incentive, LTI), target setting postponed to 2025 in the context of the planned spin-off of the North American business and the related changes in Holcim’s structure
                • Review of Executive Committee compliance with shareholding requirements                                                                                                                                                                                  • Validation of performance peer group for STI and LTI
                • Review of peer group compensation benchmarking                                                                                                                                                                                                           • Forecast on expected incentive payouts (current year)
                • Approval Board compensation directive                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Governance     • Board and committee assessments                                                              • AGM retrospective: review of shareholders’ feedback                                           • Governance update                                         • Review of governance documents: Articles of Incorporation, Organizational Rules, committee charters, Code of Business Conduct
                • Governance Report                                                                            • Review of independence of board and committee members                                         • NCGC risk mapping                                         • Compensation Report (draft)
                • Compensation Report (final)                                                                  • Governance update                                                                                                                                         • Validation of NCGC schedule for coming year
                • Proposal of AGM motions (other than compensation)                                                                                                                                                                                                        • Governance update
                • Governance update                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       


In 2024, all NCGC members attended all meetings. Further information on meeting attendance is provided in the Corporate Governance Report on page 136.

The NCGC Chairperson may invite members of the Executive Committee, other officers of the Group or third parties to attend the meetings. They will not, however, be present when their own performance or compensation is discussed or determined. After each NCGC meeting, the Board of Directors is informed of the topics discussed, decisions taken and recommendations made. The NCGC minutes are available to all members of the Board of Directors.

External advisors

The NCGC may decide to consult an external advisor from time to time for specific compensation matters. In 2024, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) continued to act as independent compensation advisor to the NCGC. PwC provides other services to Holcim and there are clear rules in place to ensure the independence of PwC consultants. Obermatt continued to measure Holcim’s relative performance for the purpose of the incentive plans. This company does not have any other mandates with Holcim. Support and expertise are also provided by internal experts such as the Chief People Officer and the Head of Compensation & Benefits.

Method for determining compensation: benchmarking

In order to benchmark the compensation structure and levels of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, the NCGC determines relevant peer companies.

The Swiss peer group includes Swiss listed multinational companies from the SMI: ABB, Geberit, Givaudan, Lonza, Nestle, Novartis, Richemont, Roche, Sika and Sonova. A peer group review was conducted in February 2023, resulting in Sonova taking the place of SGS in the peer group since Sonova had replaced SGS in the SMI index. Holcim is positioned slightly above the peer group median in terms of revenue and headcount and below the median in terms of market capitalization.

The international peer group consists of cement producers as well as building materials and construction companies: Acciona, ACS, Bouygues, Buzzi Unicem, Carlisle, Cemex, CRH, Heidelberg Materials, James Hardie, RPM, Saint Gobain, Sika, Vicat and Vinci. These companies operate in similar and related sectors and are exposed to similar market cycles as Holcim. This peer group is reviewed and validated annually by the NCGC, with the support of Obermatt as an independent third-party advisor.

The compensation of the Board of Directors is regularly reviewed and compared with prevalent market practice (every 2-3 years). The last benchmarking analysis was conducted in 2022 by PwC on the basis of the Swiss peer group as described above.

The compensation of the Executive Committee was benchmarked against market practice in 2023 and will be benchmarked again in 2025 (following the planned spin-off of the North American business and related changes in the structure of Holcim). Executive Committee members who are on a Swiss employment contract are benchmarked against the Swiss peer group described above (analysis performed by PwC). For Executive Committee members who are on a foreign employment contract, benchmarking is performed based on an industry cut of the general data included in the Willis Towers Watson database for the respective country of employment. The benchmarking analyses establish a basis for the NCGC to monitor the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Executive Committee and set their target compensation levels. Holcim’s policy is to aim for market median compensation for on-target performance while also establishing significant upside potential for above-target performance.

OVERVIEW AND PURPOSE OF THE PEER GROUPS 

                                   Swiss listed peers                  International peers
 Board of Directors compensation   Compensation structure and levels  
 Executive compensation            Compensation structure and levels   Compensation structure
                                                                       Relative performance (STI and LTI)


MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE HOLD THE FOLLOWING EXTERNAL MANDATES AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 2024 ACCORDING TO ART. 734E OF THE SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS (AUDITED) 

 Board of Directors       Company                                                                                               Function                                                                                              2024   2023
 Jan Jenisch              World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)                                            Member of the Executive Committee                                                                     No     Yes
                          European Round Table for Industry (ERT)                                                               Active Member                                                                                         Yes    Yes
                          Swiss-Japanese Chamber of Commerce (SJCC)                                                             Member of the Board of Directors                                                                      Yes    Yes
                          Glas Troesch Holding AG (privately held)                                                              Non-Executive Director                                                                                No     Yes
 Hanne B. Sørensen        Ferrovial S.A., Amsterdam, The Netherlands                                                            Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee              Yes    Yes
                          Tata Motors Ltd, Mumbai, India                                                                        Member of the Board of Directors; Member of the Audit Committee, of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and of the Technology Committee; Chairwoman of the Risk Committee  Yes    Yes
                          Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, Mumbai, India                                                          Member of the Board of Directors; member of the Audit Committee and of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  Yes    Yes
                          Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC, Coventry, UK (including its subsidiaries Jaguar Land Rover Ltd and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Ltd)  Member of the Board of Directors; Member of the Audit Committee and of the Technology Committee; Chairwoman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  Yes    Yes
 Philippe Block           Foreign Engineering GmbH, Zurich, Switzerland                                                         Founding Partner                                                                                      Yes    Yes
                          VALUTED AG (ETH spin-off)                                                                             Co-Founder and Scientific Advisor                                                                     Yes    Yes
 Kim Fausing              SMA Solar Technology AG, Niestetal, Germany                                                           Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors                                                               Yes    Yes
                          Danfoss Group (Denmark)                                                                               President and Chief Executive Officer                                                                 Yes    Yes
 Leanne Geale             CEELI Institute o.p.s., Prague, Czech Republic                                                        Member of the Board of Directors                                                                      Yes    Yes
                          Nestlé SA                                                                                             Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel                                                    Yes    Yes
                          Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce                                                                    Treasurer                                                                                             Yes    Yes
 Catrin Hinkel            Microsoft Switzerland                                                                                 Chief Executive Officer                                                                               Yes    n/a
                          Digital Switzerland                                                                                   Member of the Executive Committee                                                                     Yes    n/a
                          ASUT Industry Association                                                                             Member of the Board                                                                                   Yes    n/a
                          Helmholtz Center for Information Security (CISPA)                                                     Member of the Supervisory Board                                                                       Yes    n/a
 Naina Lal Kidwai         Gland Pharma Ltd, Hyderabad, India                                                                    Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the Risk Management Committee        Yes    Yes
                          UPL Ltd, Mumbai, India                                                                                Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the Sustainability and Stakeholder Committee  Yes    Yes
                          Biocon Ltd, Bangalore, India                                                                          Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the Corporate Social Responsibility & ESG Committee and of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees  Yes    Yes
                          Nayara Energy Ltd, Mumbai, India                                                                      Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors and Chairwoman of the CSR and Sustainability and of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees; and Member of the Audit Committee and Banking and Finance Committee  Yes    Yes
                          Rothschild & Co India Private Limited, Mumbai, India (non-listed)                                     Chairwoman of the Board of Directors                                                                  Yes    Yes
 Ilias Läber              Swiss Automotive Group AG., Cham, Switzerland                                                         Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee                                  Yes    Yes
                          Spectrum Value Management Ltd (Member of the Board of Directors of Grand Resort Bad Ragaz and Chairman and Managing Partner of SEO Management AG)  CEO, Partner and Member of the Board of Directors                                                     Yes    Yes
                          CANCOM SE, Munich, Germany                                                                            Member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee                                  Yes    Yes
                          Dormakaba Holding AG, Rümlang, Switzerland                                                            Member of the Board of Directors                                                                      Yes    No
 Michael H. McGarry       United States Steel Corporation, Pittsburgh, U.S.                                                     Member of the Board of Directors;                                                                     Yes    n/a
                                                                                                                                Member of the Compensation Committee and of the Audit Committee                                             
                          Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Tokyo, Japan                                                                  Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Compensation Committee                             Yes    n/a
                          C.H. Robinson, Eden Prairie, MN, U.S.                                                                 Member of the Board of Directors;                                                                     Yes    n/a
                                                                                                                                Member of the Governance Committee and of the Talent and Compensation Committee                             
 Jürg Oleas               RUAG International Holding AG, Bern, Switzerland                                                      Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Audit Committee                                    Yes    Yes
                          HOCN AG, Hochdorf, Switzerland (formerly Hochdorf Holding AG, Hochdorf, Switzerland)                  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Member of the Audit and of the Nomination and Compensation Committees  Yes    Yes
 Claudia Sender Ramirez   Telefonica S.A., Delegate Commission, Telefonica Hispam and Telefonica Tech Advisory Committees, Madrid, Spain  Member of the Board of Directors                                                                      Yes    Yes
                          Gerdau S.A., São Paulo, Brazil                                                                        Member of the Board of Directors; Member of the Governance Committee and Chairwoman of the Compensation and Succession Committee  Yes    Yes
                          Embraer S.A., São Paulo, Brazil                                                                       Member of the Board of Directors, Chairwoman of the People and ESG Committee and Member of the Audit and Risk Committee  Yes    Yes


 Executive Committee   Company                                                          Function                                                                                              2024   2023
 Miljan Gutovic        World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)       Member of the Executive Committee                                                                     Yes    No
                       Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA)                    Member of the Board of Directors                                                                      Yes    No
 Steffen Kindler       United Nations Global Compact                                    Member of the CFO Coalition for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)                              Yes    No
                       The World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)   Member of the CFO Network                                                                             Yes    No
                       European Round Table for Industry (ERT)                          Member of the CFO Platform                                                                            Yes    No
 Nollaig Forrest       MIT Climate and Sustainability Consortium Advisory Council       Member                                                                                                Yes    Yes
                       Bloomberg’s Cities Council for sustainable cities                Member                                                                                                Yes    Yes
 Jamie M. Gentoso      PSEG, a public utility in the U.S.                               Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Finance Committee and Industrial Operations Committee  Yes    Yes
                       University of Michigan, College of Engineering                   Member of the Leadership Advisory Board (LAB)                                                         Yes    Yes
 Martin Kriegner       No external mandates                                                                                                                                                         
 Oliver Osswald        No external mandates                                                                                                                                                         


Pay equality

Pay equality is strongly embedded in Holcim’s compensation principles. Holcim promotes pay equity and monitors progress biannually with the aim of ensuring equal pay for equal work and performance - not only between women and men, but also irrespective of ethnic origin, religion, ideology, sexual orientation or factors such as physical disability and age.

In 2021, we completed the equal pay analysis in Switzerland as required by the Swiss Federal Act on Gender Equality introduced in 2020. The results of the analysis confirmed that Holcim is fully compliant with Swiss equal pay standards, with a statistical wage difference significantly below the 5% regulatory requirement. Deloitte audited the results of the analysis and confirmed Holcim's compliance with the legal requirements.

In addition to local efforts made toward gender pay equity and compliance with applicable regulations, we conducted our fourth global assessment (i.e., first assessment in 2022, second in 2023 and third and fourth in 2024) using a recognized statistical regression analysis methodology. We focused on assessing the “adjusted gender pay gap” where we compare pay for people in similar roles, in the same country, at the same level and with similar years of experience. These achievements and efforts reflect our ongoing commitment to pay equality and fairness.

TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF HOLCIM LTD

To the General Meeting of

Holcim Ltd, Zug

Zurich, 27 February 2025

Report of the statutory auditor on the audit of the compensation report

Opinion

We have audited the compensation report of Holcim Ltd (the Company) for the year ended 31 December 2024. The audit was limited to the information pursuant to Art. 734a-734f of the Swiss Code of Obligations (CO) in the tables marked "audited" on pages 178 to 179, page 184 and pages 190 to 191 of the compensation report.

In our opinion, the information pursuant to Art. 734a-734f CO in the accompanying compensation report complies with Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA-CH). Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are further described in the "Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the compensation report" section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Other information

The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the tables marked "audited" in the compensation report, the consolidated financial statements, the stand-alone financial statements and our auditor's reports thereon.

Our opinion on the compensation report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the compensation report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the audited financial information in the compensation report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Board of Directors' responsibilities for the compensation report

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of a compensation report in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of a compensation report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. It is also responsible for designing the compensation system and defining individual remuneration packages.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the compensation report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the information pursuant to Art. 734a-734f CO is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law and SA-CH will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this compensation report.

As part of an audit in accordance with Swiss law and SA-CH, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement in the compensation report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made.

We communicate with the Board of Directors or its relevant committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Board of Directors or its relevant committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. Ernst & Young Ltd

Jacques Pierres, Licensed audit expert, Auditor in charge

Daniel Zaugg, Licensed audit expert

RISK AND CONTROL

Holcim is committed to managing our risks to achieve our strategic objectives and create value for society.

In full alignment with Holcim’s “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth”, we make continuous efforts to prevent and control the risks to which we are exposed. A comprehensive enterprise risk management (ERM) and internal control process is deployed throughout the company, supported by appropriate governance and tools. We use this process to identify, assess, mitigate and monitor the company’s overall risk exposure while incorporating a risk mindset into all strategic decisions and ensuring that our Internal Control System is deployed in every country where we operate.

Risk management

The ERM process is structured around several coordinated approaches, including bottom-up and top-down risk assessments, complemented by thematic analyses that address all our Group’s value drivers. These assessments are consolidated and used as a basis for the Group Risk Map, which is updated every year and reviewed by the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee.

The Risk Management process includes several stages:

• Identification and assessment

Country- and Group-level management assess and evaluate the potential impacts and likelihood of key mid-term risks that could have a material adverse effect on the current or future operations of our business. For sustainability- and climate-related risks, the timeframe has been extended to consider various threats that might impair the achievement of our 2030 sustainability targets and net-zero pledge.

• Mitigation and response

Our risk mitigation strategy begins with a number of internal actions, such as those defined by Holcim’s Minimum Control Standards, which clarify and reinforce the responsibilities of our businesses. The strategy also includes the Holcim Integrity Line, which enables employees anywhere in the world to anonymously exercise their whistleblowing rights and report any breach of our Code of Business Conduct or other concerns.

• Monitoring and reporting

Risk leads at country level regularly monitor and report progress on the action plans to the Group through the Holcim Risk Management tool. Updates on mitigating actions, controls and overall risk exposure are reported to the Audit Committee and other executive committees. Additional reports on the effectiveness of the Minimum Control Standards are submitted to the Group on a regular basis. Further information is provided in the “Internal control” section on pages 210 and 211.

• Verification and remediation

Group Internal Audit performs independent assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control processes. It also assesses the effectiveness of mitigating actions and controls. The annual audit plan drawn up by Group Internal Audit and approved by the Audit Committee takes into account the Group Risk Map and the various analyses described above.

Roles and responsibilities

Holcim has a clear structure to ensure the implementation of the risk management and internal control process is implemented in compliance with the governance, policies and framework defined by the Group. This organization is built on the Three Lines Model. Under the first line, operational management has ownership and accountability for identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating risks. They are equally responsible for deploying the Minimum Control Standards. In all of our markets, a risk lead is appointed to facilitate and coordinate the whole ERM process. Risk leads receive specific training and are the main points of contact for all questions related to the ERM process at country level. The second line consists of Group corporate functions such as Legal, Compliance, Internal Control, Group Risk Management, Security and Resilience, IT, Sustainable Development as well as Health, Safety & Environment. These functions monitor and facilitate the implementation of an effective ERM process and appropriate internal controls to ensure that the first line is operating as intended. They also assist in the development of policies and controls. The third line is Group Internal Audit, which as an independent function provides assurance to the Board of Directors and Executive Committee on the effectiveness of the first and second lines as well as on the risk management and internal control process. Through the Audit Committee and the Health, Safety and Sustainability Committee (HSSC), the Board of Directors oversees Holcim’s risk management and internal control process. The Audit Committee mandate includes the oversight of Compliance and Risk Management processes as well as the review of management and internal audit reports on the performance of the ERM and internal control process. The HSSC’s mandate is to support and advise the Board of Directors on promoting a healthy and safe environment for employees and contractors, as well as on sustainable development and social responsibility. The HSSC approves Holcim’s sustainability and climate-related strategy and major initiatives, including the Group’s health and safety performance as well as its approach to human rights. All sustainability topics are monitored using key indicators. More details on the Audit Committee and HSSC are disclosed in the Corporate Governance section on pages 142-143.

• Holcim Resilience and Governance

Holcim Resilience and Governance (RaG) is a collaborative risk management team comprising subject matter experts from corporate functional and industrial leadership teams. The RaG team aims to break down silos and work closely with countries to identify and respond to a wide range of matters and adverse events that could impact Holcim’s people, environment, assets and operations, reputation and legal exposure.

The RaG group has three main activities to ensure a holistic, multifunctional approach to risk prevention, mitigation and response that is fully aligned with the organizational strategy and objectives:

Ensure that coordinated, efficient programs are in place to prepare for, monitor and reduce known risks.

Develop dynamic mitigation strategies for emerging “rising tide” risks such as natural catastrophes and pandemics.

Provide an effective, expert response and recover from risk manifestations.

• Risk Committee and Integrity Committee

The Risk Committee reports to the Audit Committee and meets twice a year. It is responsible for overseeing the ERM process and the activities performed by assurance functions such as Legal and Compliance, Internal Control, Group Risk Management, Internal Audit, Health, Safety & Environment, IT and Security and Resilience. It also includes the Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief Sustainability Officer, who report to the Group Chief Executive Officer and are members of the Executive Committee. It is chaired by the Group CFO and the Head of Internal Audit. The Integrity Committee is responsible for overseeing the effective investigation and remediation of any Code of Business Conduct violations, as well as rigorous implementation of third-party due diligence, and sanctions and export control programs launched in 2017. It is chaired by the Group General Counsel.

HOLCIM’S ERM CYCLE

VERIFY & REMEDIATE

Group Internal Audit performs independent assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of mitigating actions and controls

Presentation of the Group Risk Map to Executive Committee and Audit Committee

The Group Risk Map is taken into account for the annual audit plan drawn up by Group Internal Audit (risk-based approach)

IDENTIFY & ASSESS

ERM process executed on a yearly basis combining bottom-up and top-down approaches

All business objectives (financial and non-financial) and all categories of risks (strategic, operational and external) are included in the assessments

In-depth assessments on security, IT & cyber, compliance, H&S, climate and nature risks

MITIGATE & MONITOR

Comprehensive documentation of mitigations in place, including countries’ activities, Minimum Control Standards, projects and programs

Monitoring of new threats by the Resilience & Governance team

Action plans followed up at country level as well as by Group’s relevant functions

MATERIAL PRIORITIES

Holcim conducted a double materiality assessment (DMA) in 2024 to identify and evaluate material topics.

The DMA enables us to systematically prioritize and report on relevant sustainability issues. Material priorities inform Holcim’s reporting and build the foundation of our sustainability strategy. These insights guide the adjustment of strategic and operational activities to maximize our impact for stakeholders.

We are committed to regularly conducting materiality assessments and to strengthen and adjust our process with each exercise. In 2022, we redesigned our materiality assessment to align closely with our risk assessment process and engage a broader range of stakeholders to capture more diverse insights.

This approach was further enhanced in 2024 when we conducted our first DMA. Conducting a DMA ensures full alignment with stakeholder priorities and compliance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), in preparation for the upcoming EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).

Double materiality considers both the impact of our business activities on the environment and people (impact materiality) and how external factors, such as environmental, societal or market topics, impact our own business success (financial materiality).

Process

We conducted a survey to gather quantitative input from key internal and external stakeholder groups to assess impact and financial materiality. Only stakeholders with subject matter expertise or experience were selected for the survey. This survey was complemented by several workshops, business context reviews and other qualitative contributions from the Group’s sustainability and risk experts.

To ensure objectivity, we partnered with DNV Business Assurance to assist us with our DMA, and provide independent expertise and guidance on aligning with relevant standards and best practices.

Impact materiality: Stakeholders assessed the impact on people, the economy and the environment in terms of scale and likelihood of both positive and negative, actual and potential impacts (in the short, medium and long term) for each topic.

Financial materiality: Stakeholders evaluated the scale and likelihood of actual or potential risks and opportunities that could affect Holcim’s financial performance and position in the short, medium and long term.

Stakeholder engagement was conducted through a survey that involved 444 participants (357 internal and 87 external) from over 20 different stakeholder groups.

Results

The DMA results are presented in Holcim’s double materiality matrix that maps our material priorities (defined as having a high or very high impact). To create this comprehensive matrix of Holcim’s material priorities, the results of the financial materiality assessment are placed on the x-axis and the results of the impact materiality assessment are placed on the y-axis. The top-right quadrant features the double materiality topics that have been defined as being most material for Holcim in terms of both financial and impact materiality.

We prepared a report with further details about our double materiality assessment including the process steps, value chain mapping, stakeholder mapping, an analysis of the qualitative and quantitative results as well as the validation steps. The full report will be available in March 2025 via the link below.

• holcim.com/materiality-assessment

MATERIALITY MATRIX 

 ENVIRONMENTAL                                               SOCIAL                                           GOVERNANCE                                        MARKET
 1. Biodiversity, ecosystems and water management            9. Human rights and labor practices              14. Corporate communication                       19. Green CapEx and innovation
 2. Climate change adaptation and resilient infrastructure   10. Occupational health and safety               15. Corporate governance, ethics and compliance   20. Product quality
 3. Energy and alternative fuels                             11. Responsible procurement                      16. Digitalization, AI and cyber security         21. Sustainable financial returns
 4. GHG emissions in the value chain (indirect)              12. Social impact and community engagement       17. Responsible advocacy and public policy       
 5. Operational GHG emissions (direct)                       13. Talent attraction, diversity and inclusion   18. Responsible pricing                          
 6. Operational waste management                                                                                                                               
 7. Pollution (air)                                                                                                                                            
 8. Resource use and circular economy                                                                                                                          


Holcim has aligned its materiality assessment with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS).

CLIMATE CHANGE

ESRS E1

Climate change is the most material topic for Holcim. We were among the first companies globally to have our 2030 and 2050 CO2 reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), and are committed to reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain by 2050.

Holcim’s Climate Policy applies to Holcim Ltd and its affiliates. The policy lays out the full extent of our commitments to climate change mitigation and adaptation. The document is publicly available and subject to regular review: holcim.com/climate-policy

Impacts, risks and opportunities related to climate change mitigation and adaptation are described in “Key operational risks” (page 201) and “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” (page 214). Progress toward targets and other relevant metrics are detailed in the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

POLLUTION

ESRS E2

Both air and water pollution are material topics for Holcim. We are committed to reducing air emissions within our operations. Holcim’s Emission Monitoring and Reporting standards require all sites to measure and manage air any emissions from cement production. Holcim’s 2030 targets are aimed at reducing emissions of SO2, NOx and dust from kiln stacks. The vast majority of Holcim’s plants operate within best-practice emission ranges, with some considered among the best in the sector.

Holcim has pledged to treat the water we use and return it to nature. We require all our sites to implement strict standards to ensure that high-quality water according to in-country regulations and our strict water management standards.

Impacts, risks and opportunities related to pollution are described under “Key operational risks” (page 201) and “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” (page 214). Progress toward targets and other relevant metrics are detailed in the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

WATER RESOURCES

ESRS E3

Water is a material topic for Holcim and we aim to reduce water intensity throughout our business operations, implement freshwater replenishment programs beyond our site boundaries and treat the water we use when returning it to nature. We are prioritizing our actions in high water-risk areas, tailoring solutions to local conditions.

Our operations are becoming more water-efficient through process optimization, reduced leakages and equipping our sites with water recycling systems. Where possible, we shift our water use from freshwater to non-freshwater. In some countries, during heavy rains, we use harvested rainwater, while in others we use sea water or treated municipal wastewater.

Impacts, risks and opportunities related to water resources are described in “Nature risks and opportunities” (page 228), while relevant metrics are detailed in the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS

ESRS E4

Holcim’s operations are strongly linked to natural resources, and our business plays a key role in tackling biodiversity loss and degradation. Taking a rigorous science-based approach, we work with nature in a progressive transformative way, going beyond traditional rehabilitation.

In 2023, we entered a three-year partnership with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to preserve nature and advance nature-positive development in the built environment. Holcim commits to making a measurable positive impact on biodiversity by 2030. In 2024, IUCN assessed the quality of our Biodiversity Indicator and Reporting System (BIRS) baseline process. As a next step, IUCN will help us identify opportunities to improve our biodiversity index.

Impacts, risks and opportunities related to biodiversity are described in “Nature risks and opportunities’ (page 228), whilst relevant metrics are detailed in the ‘Performance data tables’ (page 378).

RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY

ESRS E5

It is essential that we make construction more circular, to stay within our planet's boundaries while improving living standards for all. Holcim is committed to building new from old, reducing use of primary materials and minimizing waste. We are one of the largest recyclers in the world and aim to grow our capacity.

Holcim’s Circular Economy Policy applies to Holcim Ltd and its affiliates, and describes our approach to the efficient use of materials and reduction of waste. The document is publicly available and subject to regular review: holcim.com/circular-economy-policy

We currently operate over 150 recycling centers worldwide. By 2030, we have a target to recycle 20 million tons of construction demolition materials per annum. Progress toward this target and other relevant metrics is detailed in the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

OWN WORKFORCE AND WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN

ESRS S1 and S2

Human and labor rights are material topics for Holcim, along with the health and safety of our workforce and the workers in our supply chain. We are committed to respecting and promoting human and labor rights in our operations, business activities, business relationships and in the communities where we operate.

Holcim has a robust policy framework governing these topics, encompassing our Group Human Resources Policy, Health, Safety and Environmental Policy, Human Rights and Social Policy, and Workers in the Value Chain Directive.

Holcim’s most salient human rights risks and our response to them are detailed in “Human rights - salient risks” (page 212). All relevant metrics are provided under the “Social” section of the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

AFFECTED COMMUNITIES

ESRS S3

Creating a positive impact in affected communities is one of Holcim’s goals. Our approach includes building strong, trusting relations with the highly diverse communities and stakeholders where we operate. We acknowledge that Indigenous peoples’ rights could potentially be at risk as a result of our business activities. We are committed to addressing these risks by fostering lasting relationships.

Our social initiatives focus on three main areas to benefit communities: affordable housing and infrastructure, education and skills, and health. Holcim has continued to make significant progress toward reducing dust and other emissions across our sites, knowing that these can potentially impact people’s health and local communities.

The results of our Human Rights Impact Assessment are disclosed in the “Human rights and our communities” section (page 114). Our “Human rights - salient risks” are disclosed on page 212, while all relevant metrics are detailed in the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

BUSINESS CONDUCT

ESRS G1

Our Code of Business Conduct defines the behaviors Holcim expects of its employees. We expect everyone to have the courage to make the right decisions based on our ethical principles and to uphold these principles even when under pressure.

Corporate culture, corruption and bribery as well as responsible lobbying and advocacy, are some of the material topics that Holcim addresses in its policy framework.

Our compliance practices are fully disclosed in the “Compliance program” section (page 147) and relevant metrics are detailed in the “Performance data tables” (page 378).

STRATEGY DRIVERS 

 STRATEGIC PRIORITIES                                                                                  
 Accelerating Growth          Expanding Solutions & Products   Leading in Sustainability & Innovation   Delivering Superior Performance
 OUR SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS                                                                            
 Climate                      Circularity                      Nature                                   People


The risks on pages 201 to 209 are considered material to our strategy and our value creation. This list is not exhaustive and represents the principal risks and uncertainties faced by Holcim at the time of preparing the 2024 Integrated Annual Report. Salient human rights risks are detailed on pages 212 and 213. Climate and nature-related risks are presented in detail on pages 214 to 230.

Other risks may emerge in the future and/or the risks stated here may become less relevant. Further information is provided in the ‘Corporate governance’ section (pages 136 to 155), in the “Management discussion & analysis” section (pages 236 to 261) and in Note 14.6 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” (page 321).

KEY EXTERNAL RISKS 

 Risk                                                                                                  Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Market changes                                                                                        Demand for building materials is fundamentally driven by economic growth (or contraction) in a given territory. Changes in this underlying demand may impact sales volumes, prices and/or industry structure. Many markets are currently facing persistent inflationary pressures alongside high interest rates, both of which are straining the construction sector.  Our growth strategy in mature markets such as Europe and North America, and the sharpening of our footprint with selective divestments in emerging markets, reduces the Group’s exposure to markets where economic growth is more volatile. Aligned with our strategy of moving from volume to value, responsible pricing ensures the profitability of our business is maintained. We are also growing in Latin America organically and through value-accretive acquisitions. Additionally, the progressive development of our Solutions & Products business segment strengthens our diversification, providing greater opportunities to benefit from increasing demand in the resilient repair and refurbishment sector, as well as in profitable markets for low-carbon products and building solutions.
 The risk that the economic environment in a given country can significantly change and have an influence on demand for construction and building materials.  In 2024, global inflation and widespread social unrest (most notably in countries in Latin America as well as Asia, Middle East & Africa), along with threats to market demand in mature countries (especially in Europe), are elevating uncertainty about demand for building materials. Additionally, market dynamics are heavily impacted by extreme weather events and geopolitical instability, which can hinder economic growth and generate uncertainty regarding investments in new construction projects. In this context, the development of new products - including low-carbon products with a higher added value and a higher price - might be impaired or slowed down. 
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Expanding Solutions & Products | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                     
 Political risks                                                                                       Economic, social and/or political instability can impact our people, environment, assets and business as well as our reputation. That impact may be direct (e.g., security-related consequences including kidnapping, assaults on our people or attacks on our assets), or indirect (e.g., economic uncertainty) and might also increase our exposure to a large range of threats, including some related to compliance, tax, access to raw materials and cash repatriation.  Countries with the support of relevant Group functions actively monitor the political environment in order to identify and anticipate any adverse events, from activism to civil unrest and interstate conflicts. When necessary, mitigation measures are taken to adapt the Group’s activities and protect our people, environment, assets, reputation and legal exposure. Dedicated governance enforced across the Group and country-specific action plans have been implemented to enhance crisis management, the security of people and assets as well as business resilience. The organization in place is fully embedded in our security and resilience program to enable swift and efficient responses in the event of a material risk to our people or assets.
 Holcim operates in many countries across the world and is exposed, whether directly or indirectly, to the effects of economic, political and social instability. These include trade protectionism, foreign exchange volatility, geopolitical tensions, terrorism, civil war and unrest.  Our industry is specifically targeted by activists who can perpetrate operations (e.g., protests, blockades, sabotage) in order to sway public opinion on the environmental challenge. Those actions are likely to endanger the safety of our people on site, the integrity of our assets and the continuity of our operations. Exacerbated by the rise of misinformation and disinformation worldwide, societal polarization also has the potential to compound the adverse effects of campaigns against our Group and affect our people, assets and reputation. Also, our broad geographic footprint exposes us to the adverse consequences of shifts in geopolitical dynamics, which can spark social unrest and government interventionism, resulting in reduced access to utilities and raw materials, changes in the sanctions environment and supply chain disruptions.  Where relevant, the Resilience and Governance (RaG) team initiates dedicated programs such as monitoring of the election supercycle. The RaG team likewise plays a crucial role in managing geopolitical crises, from identifying potential threats to preparing operations in the event of disruptions (e.g.. conflicts in Ukraine or in the Middle East). Preparing for legal and macroeconomic changes driven by political decisions (e.g., government interventionism in Argentina, internal armed conflict in Ecuador) is another of its crucial roles.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                      
 Pandemics and epidemics                                                                               Public health outbreaks - in particular pandemics and epidemics - can affect the health of our people as well as the communities in which we operate. In addition, they may negatively affect our activity due to operational constraints and supply chain disruption. Lastly, the adverse macroeconomic effects of public health outbreaks can affect the value of assets and reduce demand for the Group’s products.  The RaG team collaborates with the Health and Safety teams to closely monitor emerging diseases and outbreaks, to identify the characteristics of an epidemic or a pandemic. Leveraging experience gained from the Covid-19 pandemic, measures are proactively put in place to ensure that countries potentially affected are informed, prepared and trained to minimize the impact of wide-scale disease.
 Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns (such as COVID-19, Ebola, avian flu, Mpox, SARS, cholera) can affect the health of our people as well as the communities in which we operate.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                      


KEY OPERATIONAL RISKS 

 Risk                                                                                                  Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Sustainable supply chain                                                                              Holcim is committed to preventing any deviations from its governance principles on the part of its suppliers to protect its reputation, improve its business resilience to supply chain disruptions and contribute to creating positive social impacts. Our most material risk exposure lies in health and safety with additional exposure stemming from our contractors’ respect for decent working conditions, protection of the environment, strict observance of human rights standards, the reduction of our CO2 footprint (Scope 3) and our impact on nature (biodiversity and water). Operating in poorly regulated countries increases our exposure to supply chains and requires us to continuously intensify our monitoring of high-risk suppliers. Yet, in the context of increasingly integrated global supply chains, compliance and reputational challenges top our agenda wherever we operate.  A comprehensive set of policies and actions have been defined in order to strengthen our contractor and supplier management. These follow a systematic risk-based approach. The Supplier Code of Conduct is part of the contractual agreements with our suppliers. It provides a detailed list of and describes expectations with respect to ESG (environmental, social, governance) compliance in alignment with OECD Guidelines as well as laws and regulations that were derived on this basis. All high-ESG-risk suppliers must undergo a supplier qualification process that covers topics related to business integrity, health and safety and ESG, with additional requirements for suppliers of security services as per our Security Directive. Through our Sustainable Procurement Program, 88% of our procurement spend with high-ESG-risk suppliers was transacted with qualified suppliers in 2024. Our procurement decisions also integrate the objective to reduce CO2 emissions and our dependency on natural resources and negative impacts on biodiversity and water. We implement specific actions on purchased categories identified as having a potential impact on nature, in particular natural sand, and other raw materials extracted from earth through mining, packaging and chemicals. Extractive raw materials suppliers are subject to a site (quarry) assessment coupled with supplier development activities wherever necessary. In high-risk countries (in accordance with the UN “Human Development Index” and “Freedom House Index”) or for China-sourced suppliers, a proactive monitoring of ESG controversies (with a dedicated platform), enables us to extend our visibility on potentially high-risk suppliers. We enable a grievance mechanisms platform for suppliers to raise questions and concerns about Holcim’s business practices: holcim.com/integrityline
 Supply chain concerns are becoming increasingly prominent in line with our purpose to build progress for people and the planet. The boundaries of our supply chain-related risks cover a broad range of concerns related to health & safety, compliance, operational, human rights, climate and nature.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Expanding Solutions & Products | Leading in Sustainability & Innovation | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                       
 Climate | Circularity | Nature | People                                                                                                                                                                    
 Legal and compliance risks                                                                            Impacts include investigation costs, financial penalties, debarment, profit disgorgement and reputational damage. The impact is compounded by the fact that local violations can have an effect on the entire Group.  The Group maintains a comprehensive risk-based compliance program.
 The risk that the company might be found to have violated laws and regulations governing business conduct, such as those that combat bribery, corruption, fraud, unfair competition, breach of trade sanctions or export controls, as well as unauthorized use of personal data. In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is involved in lawsuits, claims of various natures, investigations and proceedings, including product liability, commercial, environmental, health and safety matters, etc.                                                                                                        ? Please refer to pages 147-148 to learn more about our compliance program
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                  There are several response mechanisms to the risk areas within the scope of the compliance program, including:
 Accelerating Growth | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                       • Business Integrity and Compliance: Anti-corruption activities centered on training and awareness, management of third-party risk through targeted due diligence and management of conflicts of interest.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Pricing Integrity and Antitrust Compliance: This program focuses on training employees with a high and medium risk exposure and on performing fair competition reviews (in-depth assessments of risk, based on interviews, documents and email reviews). In addition, specific actions (training, instructions) have been implemented to address five risk drivers: participation in trade associations, pricing decisions, market intelligence, contacts with competitors and merger control rules.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Sanctions & Trade Restrictions: The Group trade sanctions compliance program is designed to handle the increasing number of sanctioned parties and growing complexity of sanctions designations across the globe, including but not limited to those administered by the U.S., the European Union and Switzerland. The Group trade sanctions compliance program is implemented through restricted third-party sanctions screening, dedicated training and targeted communications. We regularly conduct in-country assessments on trade sanctions risks and potential touchpoints with sanctioned parties in the Group’s operations with a heightened risk exposure. The restricted third-party sanctions screening is performed using state-of-the-art tools for sanctions screening and through continuous monitoring of suppliers and customers against worldwide sanctions lists.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Data Protection and Privacy: The Group data privacy and protection program is built around key components to ensure the protection of individuals’ personal information. These include: clear and comprehensive privacy policies; strong security measures to protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure; employee training on data privacy and protection; technical and organizational measures to protect personal data such as encryption and access controls; clear procedures for handling data breaches and incident responses; defined rights for individuals to access, correct, or delete their personal information; as well as regular review and updates of the program to ensure that it continues to meet evolving data privacy and security requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Group Compliance operates the global whistleblowing system and conducts internal investigations. Group Legal manages all competition law-related investigations, information requests and enforcement cases through a central team. Group Legal also tracks all Group-relevant commercial litigation cases and provides support to relevant operating companies in defense and dispute resolution. Root cause analysis of internal investigations, disputes and enforcement cases is taken into account in our continuous improvement cycle.
 Energy sourcing (including alternative fuels)                                                         An increase in energy prices has the potential to adversely impact the Group’s financial performance, as it might not be possible to pass on the increase in such costs (in part or in full) through sales prices charged to customers. In the longer term, depending on the local context, security of sourcing is influenced - if not threatened - by a large range of external factors (e.g. regulations, transport and grid infrastructures, political uncertainties, shortages of refineries) that might disrupt our operations in locations where we operate.  We are employing a truly global sourcing concept that enables us to access all potential supply sources and optimize sourcing decisions based on commercial, sustainability, governance and lead-time criteria. Optimizing the fuel mix and energy efficiency, as well as the use of alternative fuels, is a key area of focus at all our plants. At country level, we use a mixture of spot price and fixed-price contracts to reduce our exposure to price volatility while still maintaining commercial flexibility. We also continue to enter into long-term power purchase agreements/on-site power generation projects to reduce volatility and increase consumption of renewable energy at competitive prices.
 The risk that an increase in prices for fuels, electricity or the inability to accomplish planned savings from alternative fuels will impact our production costs. Threats on energy sourcing can have severe consequences on the continuity of our operations and the achievement of our sustainability targets.  Holcim’s commitment to decarbonization as well as constant pressure on energy prices (due to CO2 pricing or taxes) will require that we reduce the dependency of our operations on highly CO2-intensive sources of energy. 
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Leading in Sustainability & Innovation | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                   
 Climate                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Raw materials (including mineral components)                                                          Much of our business depends on the reliable supply of mineral resources, e.g., aggregates, sand and limestone, as well as mineral components (MIC) such as slag and fly ash. Failure to secure long-term reserves or licenses and permits as well as to obtain raw materials (including mineral components) from third parties at the expected cost and/or quality may adversely impact variable costs and financial performance and impair our long-term growth outlook. In addition, changing market conditions resulting from lower production of fly ash and slag might limit our ability to reach our CO2 reduction target in a cost-effective manner. Moreover, significant increases in freight costs (difficulties finding available vessels and fuel prices) might lead to uncompetitive landed costs for MIC, clinker as well as cement and other raw materials. In the longer term, this may impact the ability to supply raw materials (including innovative binders such as calcined clay) in an economically viable way.  In locations where the supply of raw materials is at risk (due to the depletion of own reserves, permitting issues, poor quality, lack of suppliers and scarcity of certain raw materials), we implement a range of measures including monitoring the permitting process, strategic sourcing and diversification, changing input mixtures and maintaining minimum long-term reserve levels. When required, we manage international seaborne sourcing, which is an alternative to offset local risks.
 The risk that supply disruptions in raw materials may lead to production bottlenecks and slow down our efforts to decarbonize.  Our Solutions & Products business segment requires a different set of raw materials that is largely dependent on oil-derived polymers. We are consequently exposed to the risk of volatility in commodity markets such as oil and the risk of a market controlled by a limited number of suppliers, thereby leading to volatility in these raw material prices or availability.  Regarding MIC, availability issues are mitigated in the long term by new formulations, innovative mineral components and the upcycling of Construction Demolition Materials (CDM). We are continuously developing chemical treatments (on our own and in cooperation with external suppliers),to enable the use and production of alternative raw materials and new binders such as calcined clay or CDM, which have high availability levels and proven binding capabilities. Encouraged by new regulations, the use of CDM in particular offers promising opportunities for our industry, especially in mature markets where volumes are significant.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Expanding Solutions & Products | Leading in Sustainability & Innovation | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                       
 Climate | Circularity                                                                                                                                                                                      
 New solutions, technologies and open innovation                                                       Innovation is crucial to our long-term success, ensuring our competitive advantage and enabling us to meet future customer needs, particularly in low-carbon and circular solutions. However, achieving this requires proper innovation pipeline management, robust investment processes and strategic risk mitigation. Moreover, we must be vigilant in monitoring competitive disruptions and other innovation initiatives, and be attentive to external innovation.  Holcim is dedicated to empowering customers across the entire construction value chain. By understanding and anticipating our customers' needs, we develop and deliver innovative solutions and technologies that directly address the industry's most pressing challenges and megatrends, including decarbonization and circularity, urbanization and population growth, rising living standards, innovation-driven building, and repair and refurbishment.
 To secure our competitive advantage and achieve our net-zero goal, we must maintain a strong internal innovation pipeline focused on new solutions and technologies. However, relying solely on internal innovation represents a risk, as it may limit our access to cutting-edge expertise and emerging technologies. Accelerating open innovation through external partnerships is thus crucial. This approach, while offering significant potential, also introduces risks associated with managing collaborations and ensuring alignment with our goals.  Rapid growth, especially through acquisitions, requires careful management. Failure to integrate new teams and processes can disrupt workflows and hinder innovation. Furthermore, any product quality or performance issues can erode customer trust. Rigorous quality control and proactive risk mitigation are essential.  Holcim is a leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions, offering a wide range of low-carbon and circular solutions, such as ECOPlanet cement and ECOPact concrete, significantly reducing emissions by at least 30% compared with standard options. Circular construction is at the heart of our strategy with a goal of recycling 10 million tons of construction demolition materials by 2025. Holcim’s ECOCycle® circularity technology platform is designed to accelerate circular change, building new from old and closing the loop in construction ? it enables our customers to set themselves apart in their markets. Furthermore, we are strengthening customer relationships through our Solutions & Products business segment. This segment provides integrated solutions for a wide range of customer needs, including advanced roofing, insulation, and Specialty Building Solutions such as advanced mortars. These solutions enhance buildings’ energy efficiency, resilience and longevity.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                  Our researchers at the Technology Center in Switzerland and the Holcim Innovation Center in Lyon, France develop solutions based on our four pillars: Green operations ? decarbonizing our own operations to become a net-zero company; Circular construction ? driving circular construction with solutions to reduce, recycle and reuse materials; Building better with less ? scaling low-carbon construction with innovative brands, and Making buildings sustainable ? improving energy efficiency for buildings in use with our solutions.
 Accelerating Growth | Expanding Solutions & Products | Leading in Sustainability & Innovation                                                                                                               Furthermore, Holcim MAQER Ventures is our corporate venture capital and open innovation unit comprising three pillars: venture capital, venture clienting and an accelerator program for leading startups within the construction sector. Beyond minority equity investments, Holcim MAQER Ventures gives startups access to Holcim’s global operations and technical expertise.
 Climate | Circularity                                                                                                                                                                                       Holcim takes a proactive approach to intellectual property management. We ensure the success of our open innovation collaborations through clear legal frameworks and comprehensive project management. Our intellectual property, including patents and trademarks, is carefully secured through robust knowledge management. We also leverage market intelligence to avoid infringing on third-party IP rights.
 Health and Safety risk                                                                                Impacts include injury, illness or fatality, reputational damage and the possibility of business disruption, with consequences for our financial and business performance. The impact is compounded by the fact that local incidents can affect the entire Group.  We conduct our business in a manner that creates a healthy and safe environment for all stakeholders - our employees, contractors, communities and customers - built on a sound health and safety culture. We believe in visible leadership and personal accountability at all levels and throughout our organization. We maintain a global Health, Safety and Environment Management System designed to continuously improve our performance and actively minimize risks in our business. The Group HSE team conducts regular audits to ensure the full deployment of our HSE policy and internal standards in all Holcim countries. Through the Health, Safety & Sustainability Committee, the Board of Directors supports the development of a health and safety culture and oversees the resources and processes to be employed to minimize or eliminate risks related to health and safety. In addition, our Group Security and Resilience teams provide support when a situation requires a cross-functional response.
 The risk of the company failing to adequately safeguard its employees, contractors and third parties from injury, illness or fatality, during both on-site and off-site activities related to its operations.                                                                                                        In 2024, we focused our approach on conducting successful HSE projects in every country, aiming at proving through on-the-ground implementation that “zero is possible”.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 People                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Joint ventures and associates                                                                         These limitations could impair the Group’s ability to control joint ventures and influence associates effectively, and/or realize the strategic goals of these businesses. In addition, this might hamper the ability of Holcim to implement organizational efficiencies and its controls framework, including its full compliance program. It can also impede the ability to transfer cash and assets between subsidiaries to allocate assets in the most effective way.  Joint venture partners and associates are within the scope of Holcim’s Third Party Due Diligence Directive and Holcim performs risk-based compliance due diligence.
 Holcim routinely acquires stakes in other companies or businesses and pursues joint ventures. Since the Group does not control all joint ventures or associates in which it has invested, this may restrict the Group’s ability to generate adequate returns and to implement the operating standards and Holcim compliance program.                                                                                                        In entities where Holcim is not in control, Holcim applies good faith efforts to implement the Holcim compliance program or other risk-proportionate compliance measures.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                      
 Information technology and cyber threat risk                                                          An information technology failure or cyber security event could lead to financial losses, reputational damage, safety or environmental impacts. This risk has become a major concern because of the continuous growth of external threat factors such as cyber crime and cyber warfare. The increasing prevalence of artificial intelligence (AI) in business and industry amplifies our cybersecurity vulnerabilities. For Holcim, the most salient IT risk impacts are financial loss through business interruptions due to IT system unavailability, as well as reputational damage caused by data leaks originating from targeted cyber attacks or operational errors. Furthermore, geopolitical instability and the weaponization of cyberspace in hybrid conflicts have amplified security concerns. The expansion of our digital footprint heightens our exposure to IT-related risks.  To prevent major risks related to critical IT infrastructure operated either by the Group or its service providers, Holcim has established policies and procedures for IT security and governance, as well as internal control standards that are followed Group-wide for all applicable systems. These include alternative/redundant data centers for each region, resilient critical IT system architecture, backup recovery procedures and cybersecurity measures to detect unusual activity in our networks. As constant vigilance and awareness throughout the organization is essential, our personnel receive ongoing training on how to detect and mitigate cyber risks, especially given the growing prevalence of remote working. Because the risk landscape is constantly evolving, the Group’s IT risk register is regularly assessed and updated. Additionally, measures to prevent new risks from occurring are continuously improved and enhanced, and are regularly audited and monitored by different independent internal departments and external partners.
 The risk that arises from the unavailability of critical IT systems and the loss or manipulation of data resulting from cyber attacks, computer malware, infrastructure and network outages, natural disasters or human error.                                                                                                        Global conflicts are monitored by the Security & Resilience team in cooperation with the IT Security team, to identify potential risks and improve the Group’s preparedness to respond to unusual cyber activity potentially targeting Holcim Group.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Employee-related issues                                                                               Some countries are facing long-lasting labor shortages across a wide range of positions, especially drivers, technical employees and middle management (mainly in the U.S. and Europe). In the longer term, it is likely that the shift in employee preferences will become more pronounced, forcing companies to adapt to the new paradigm (adjusted work/life balance, workplace satisfaction, employees seeking value and purpose at work, etc.). In some regions (especially in the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe), the risk is aggravated by the fact that skilled workers are increasingly searching for opportunities to relocate to mature markets. In addition, new skills and more extensive training programs are needed to support our transition to a low-carbon business model, together with the digitalization of our operations and the integration of artificial intelligence.  Holcim ensures that all our employees are provided with the right growth opportunities in order to thrive and develop themselves. This starts with empowering our young talent to make a difference with initiatives such as One Young World or the Early Career Leadership Program. This continues with various Functional Academies for team leaders, individual contributors, middle managers as well as Business Schools for senior leaders.
 The risk of the company not attracting, motivating and retaining skilled people in the right places and at the right time to reach its targets. Attraction and retention of talent has become a key issue across the entire construction and building materials industry, which is suffering due to competition from more appealing industries.                                                                                                        Our Holcim Spirit contains 3Ps: Purpose, People and Performance. This Holcim DNA is integrated into all our training modules from onboarding and Business Schools to online training, and all our leaders are expected to always demonstrate leadership in all these areas. Our purpose is to build sustainably with an innovation mindset, equipping all our leaders to achieve our green growth ambition. At Holcim, we believe in the power of an environment where everyone can thrive, making inclusive diversity a key focus of our organization. From gender balance initiatives to dedicated employee resource groups and networks, to zero tolerance and clearly stated policies and directives, the topic of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is present in every stage of our employee lifecycle. Engagement is what sparks best-in-class performance and creates well-being for our people.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                  Our second Global Employee Engagement Survey (performed in 2023) demonstrated an increased engagement level versus previous years and helped us identify further areas of focus to continue this trend going forward. As the labor risk mostly presents itself in specific local contexts, all countries deploy talent reviews and succession planning processes to evaluate current and future talents across the year. The outcomes are taken into consideration in the Group talent and succession reviews. Core people processes, such as a broad learning portfolio with new programs for young and experienced professionals, online learning, performance management and reviews, leadership development, reward and recognition and talent management are implemented in all Holcim countries as well as corporate functions. The Group People department oversees the quality of deployment of these processes to keep improving the robustness of our talent pipeline.
 Accelerating Growth | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                      
 Acquisitions and divestments                                                                          The capital allocated to mergers or acquisitions may not yield the expected returns and synergies may not be achieved. This inefficiency can result in the misallocation of resources that could have been directed toward more strategic investments, organic growth initiatives or value-creating investments that align better with Holcim's business. There is also uncertainty regarding the integration of new entities into our operating model, organizational structure and governance (including our internal control framework and compliance program).  Our M&A process is structured around a robust due diligence process (including, but not limited to, strategic, compliance, financial, environmental, legal, tax, commercial, human resources and pension plans streams). Key internal stakeholders are involved, with the support of external experts. Our large geographical footprint, combined with the Group’s strong cash position, enable us to swiftly respond to identified targets as well to leverage opportunities to generate synergies at local level. Our Minimum Control Standards are fully applicable to the newly acquired entities. These are implemented following a thorough gap analysis and integration plan, which analyzes and considers the specific details and risks of the new business to design an effective internal control framework. Our due diligence process also applies to disposals, which are closely analyzed by our teams at Group level before the divestment transactions take place. While our company is liable for events that are no longer under our direct control, the Group carefully monitors our exposure and assesses any indication of potential liability.
 The risk that the company does not identify opportunities in the market at a profitable cost, or fails to successfully carry out acquisitions, mergers, divestments resulting in financial losses. Inability to achieve strategic objectives and inefficient capital allocation that may harm long-term profitability and growth.  In connection with disposals made in recent years, the Group provided the customary warranties. Holcim and its subsidiaries may receive claims arising from these warranties. 
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Expanding Solutions & Products                                                                                                                                                       
 Risk involving credit ratings                                                                         Factors that are significant in the determination of our credit ratings, or which could otherwise affect our ability to raise short-term and long-term financing include: the level and volatility of our earnings, our relative positioning in the markets in which we operate, our global and product diversification, our risk management policies, and our financial ratios, such as net debt to Recurring EBITDA and cash flow from operations to net debt. We expect credit rating agencies to particularly focus on our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flows to service our debt. Deterioration in any of the above-mentioned factors individually or in combination may lead rating agencies to downgrade our credit ratings, thereby increasing our financing costs. Conversely, an improvement in these factors may prompt rating agencies to upgrade our credit ratings. With the development of green finance and growing investor expectations regarding the sustainability of our business model, we anticipate that ESG performance will increasingly influence investors’ decision making in the near future.  Our Executive Committee establishes our overall funding policies. The aim of these policies is to safeguard our ability to meet our obligations by maintaining a strong balance sheet. This policy takes into account our expectations concerning the required leverage level, average debt maturity, interest rate exposure and the level of committed credit lines. These targets are monitored on a regular basis. As a result, a significant portion of our debt has a long-term maturity. We maintain unused, committed credit lines covering at least the next 12 months of debt maturities at all times.
 In the course of our business we use external sources to finance a portion of our capital requirements. Consequently, our access to global sources of financing is important. The cost and availability of financing are generally dependent on our short-term and long-term credit ratings.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Liquidity risk                                                                                        Lack of liquidity could impact our ability to meet our operational and/or financial obligations.      Subsidiaries are responsible for their own cash balances and the raising of internal and external funding to cover the liquidity needs, subject to guidance by the Group. The Group monitors its liquidity risk by using a recurring liquidity planning tool and maintains cash, readily realizable marketable securities and unused committed credit lines to meet its liquidity requirements. The Group also adjusts liquidity levels to changing market conditions by organizing additional bank loans or issuing bonds. In addition, the strong credit worthiness of the Group allows it to access international financial markets. Please refer to Note 14.6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements page 321 for details on Holcim debt maturity profile.
 The risk of the company not generating sufficient cash and/or not having access to external funding to meet its obligations.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                      
 Interest rate risk                                                                                    Movements in interest rates could affect the Group’s financial results and market values of its financial instruments. The Group is primarily exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on its financial liabilities and cash. The Group is also exposed to the evolution of interest rates and credit markets for its future refinancing, which may result in a lower or higher cost of financing.  The exposure is mainly addressed through the management of the fixed/floating ratio of financial liabilities. To manage this mix, the Group may enter into interest rate swap or option agreements in which it exchanges periodic payments based on notional amounts and agreed-upon fixed and floating interest rates. The Group constantly monitors credit markets. The aim of its financing strategy is to achieve a well-balanced debt maturity profile to reduce both the risk of refinancing and large fluctuations of its financing cost. Please refer to Note 14.6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 321 for additional details.
 The risk that an investment’s value will change due to a change in the absolute level of interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in any other interest rate relationship.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Foreign exchange risk                                                                                 Movements in foreign exchange rates could have an influence on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Such translation into the Group’s reporting currency leads to currency translation effects, which the Group does not actively hedge in the financial markets. In addition, the statement of financial position is only partially hedged by debt in foreign currencies and therefore a significant change in the aggregate value of such local currencies against the reporting currency may have a material effect on the Group’s shareholders’ equity. Currency fluctuations can also result in the recognition of foreign exchange losses on transactions, which are reflected in the Group’s consolidated statement of income and statement of cash flows. The impact on the expected future economic growth and capital flows in some of these markets may lead to devaluations of the local currencies against the Group reporting currency.  With regard to transaction-based foreign currency exposures, the Group’s policy is to hedge material foreign currency exposures through derivative instruments. These derivative instruments are generally limited to forward contracts, swaps and options and the Group does not enter into foreign currency exchange contracts other than for hedging purposes. Each subsidiary is responsible for managing the foreign exchange positions arising as a result of commercial and financial transactions performed in currencies other than its functional currency with the support of the treasury department. The Group’s activities expose it to foreign exchange risk notably in countries with inflation indices reflecting a three-year cumulative inflation rate exceeding 100%. In these countries, qualified as hyperinflationary countries, the Group applies a financing strategy that reduces the Group’s exposure to a minimum by having the country manage its funding needs in an autonomous way. As of 31 December 2024, Argentina and Lebanon are considered as hyperinflationary countries. The Group is also exposed to countries with limited availability of hard currency, such as Egypt, Nigeria and Bangladesh, where hedging and repatriation of cash is difficult or not possible.
 The Group’s global footprint exposes it to foreign exchange risks.                                                                                                                                         
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Credit risk                                                                                           The failure of counterparties to comply with their commitments could adversely impact the Group’s financial performance.  The Group regularly assesses customers’ financial reliability. Credit risk, or the risk of counterparty default, are constantly monitored. Counterparties to financial instruments comprise a large number of established financial institutions. The Group does not expect any counterparty to be unable to fulfill its obligations under its respective financing agreements. The maximum credit risk exposure is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, in the consolidated statement of financial position. Please refer to Note 14.6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Financial risks associated with operating activities, page 321) for additional details. In light of the current macroeconomic context and the risk of a slowdown in activity in the Group’s operating regions, the Group closely monitors the risk of an increase in bad debt.
 The risk of our customers defaulting on payment, resulting in collection costs and write-offs.                                                                                                             
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Insurance                                                                                             The Group could be impacted by losses where recovery from insurance is either unavailable or insufficient to cover of the incurred loss.  We transfer our insurable risks with international insurers or reinsurers of high repute, including our internal captive reinsurance companies. We continuously monitor the evolving risk environment to determine whether additional insurances need to be considered.
 Our industry is subject to a wide range of risks, not all of which can be transferred or adequately insured.The Group purchases insurance cover for a broad range of operational risks to protect its assets and itself against third-party liabilities, commensurate with the risk exposure.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Group’s pension commitments                                                                           Unforeseen deficits may require cash contributions to fund unrecoverable amounts, which could vary significantly from year to year due to external factors. These contributions may in turn impact the Group’s financial results.  To mitigate these risks, where possible, the Group has taken measures to close, freeze, and terminate these defined benefit pension schemes and has deployed scheme-appropriate asset allocations in order to mitigate volatility and optimize investment returns. Please refer to Note 15.2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Employee benefit and share compensation plans page 330) for additional details.
 The Group operates a range of defined benefit pension schemes and similar contingent liability schemes in various countries. The assets and liabilities of these schemes may be subject to significant volatility based on prevailing market conditions.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Multi-employer pension plans (MEPP)                                                                   There is a material risk that substantial cash contributions could be required in the future to meet outstanding obligations under these plans. Fulfilling the Group’s obligations may have a material impact on the Group’s reported financial results. Currently, the financial condition of these plans is not disclosed in the Group’s financial reports.  The Group continuously reviews these plans with the primary objective of gaining a thorough understanding of the relevant financial circumstances. The aim is to explore all available options to mitigate risks and reduce the Group’s actual and potential financial obligations. It is important to note that the Group’s ability to take action is constrained, as participation in these plans is contingent upon negotiations with bargaining unions.
 The Group participates in several union sponsored multi-employer pension plans in the U.S. These plans are susceptible to substantial deficits arising from market conditions, business decisions, trustee decisions, plan failures, and the actions and decisions of other contributing employers. The Group, however, has minimal control over the management of these plans.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Goodwill and asset impairment                                                                         A write-down of goodwill or assets could have a substantial impact on the Group’s net income and equity.  Indicators of goodwill or asset impairment are monitored closely through our reporting process to ensure that potential impairment issues are addressed promptly. Detailed impairment testing for each of the Group’s cash-generating units is performed prior to year-end or at an earlier stage if a triggering event occurs. The Audit Committee reviews the goodwill and asset impairment process once a year.
 Significant underperformance in any of the Group’s major cash-generating units or the divestment of businesses in the future may give rise to a material write-down of goodwill or assets.                                                                                                        In the context of growing challenges posed by the transition to a low-carbon economy, the Group makes estimates and assumptions regarding climate change and how it might impact our operations and cash-flow projections. We continuously reevaluate those assumptions in a way that is consistent with our assessment of climate-related risks, our commitments to investors and other stakeholders, and the climate-related regulations in place. Our cash flow projections are aligned with the commitment to reach our 2030 sustainability targets, as well as the climate-related regulations currently in force, notably in Europe.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 Tax                                                                                                   Due to the uncertainty associated with tax matters, it is possible that, at some future date, liabilities resulting from changes in legislation, interpretation of existing tax rules and regulations, and /or audits or litigation could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flow. Governmental authorities in the countries where the Group operates may increase or impose new income taxes or indirect taxes, or revised interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations, including as a means of financing the response to economic shocks or the threats of recession. This may include global initiatives such as the OECD minimum tax rules (pillar 2) that ensure that multinational enterprises pay a minimum tax of 15% in a given country of operation.  Risks are reviewed and assessed on a regular basis in light of ongoing developments with respect to tax audits and tax cases, as well as ongoing changes in legislation and tax laws. The Holcim Tax Directives provide binding rules for all countries where we operate, and the Group Tax team continuously works with Group Internal Control on aligning, improving and implementing processes and controls within Group Tax and countries. It is also continuously developing and acquiring the right in-house skills.
 Our business operations are subject to numerous income taxes as well as duties and other taxes that are not based on income such as sales or value-added taxes, payroll taxes, etc. imposed by state and local governments. Significant judgment is often required in determining our annual tax charges and in evaluating our tax positions. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals.                                                                                                       
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                                                                                            
 North American business separation                                                                    Failure to effectively implement the separation and spin-off could negatively impact the company’s business, operational performance and financial stability. The anticipated benefits from the transaction may not be realized or may take longer than expected to realize. Following the transaction, Holcim could experience negative impacts due to the reduced geographic diversification of its business, lost synergies and fewer economies of scale, as well as its smaller overall size.  Holcim acknowledges the potential risks associated with the separation and spin-off of its North America business. However, the company is carefully planning the transaction with the assistance of leading advisors and drawing on its own significant experience.
 The risk of Holcim failing to achieve its intended goals in the planned separation and spin-off of Holcim's North America Business.                                                                                                        Moreover, Holcim is confident in its ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the separation, which will not only position both the newly formed entity and Holcim for accelerated growth, but also unlock substantial value for our shareholders by creating two distinct and compelling investment profiles with attractive shareholder returns. The new standalone company is set to emerge as North America’s leading pure-play solutions provider, delivering cutting-edge building innovations from foundation to rooftop while leveraging its strong market positions and track record of profitable growth in this dynamic region. The separation will allow Holcim to sharpen its focus on its core markets and continue to deliver industry-leading margins, strong cash generation and attractive shareholder returns, with decarbonization, circularity, and value-accretive M&A as drivers of profitable growth. For further details on the separation, please see page 8.
 Strategic pillars impacted                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Accelerating Growth | Expanding Solutions & Products | Leading in Sustainability & Innovation | Delivering Superior Performance                                                                                                       
 Climate | Circularity | Nature | People                                                                                                                                                                    


Internal control

Holcim’s internal control framework defines Minimum Control Standards to clarify and reinforce the responsibilities of the businesses in the different countries. Every operating business within our organization must adhere to these standards, which are equally applicable at Group level. There is clear guidance and consequence management in case of failure to fully meet the requirements. Minimum Control Standards are managed and verified independently by our Internal Control team, together with business process owners and control owners in all our businesses across the globe. Our internal control process is in accordance with the Swiss Code of Obligations and Swiss Code of Best Practices for Corporate Governance. Holcim’s Internal Control System (ICS) aims to give the Board of Directors and management reasonable assurance concerning the reliability of financial reporting, compliance with laws and internal regulations, and the effectiveness and efficiency of major company processes and controls. Each Holcim employee plays an important role in running the ICS to ensure the implementation and the effectiveness of internal controls.

Group internal control environment

Holcim aims to have an effective ICS at each level of responsibility and promotes a culture of robust internal control, supported by the commitment of the Board of Directors and management. Continuous training efforts are carried out throughout the company, with a particular focus on exposed persons when necessary. The Minimum Control Standards are used as a baseline for mandatory compliance within the Group, and are the main reference for the Holcim Corporate Governance Framework. The following key documents form part of the Minimum Control Standards and support the internal control environment:

The Group Delegated Authorities, which define approving authorities and thresholds within the Group.

The Code of Business Conduct which covers guidance and provides examples to help employees when confronted with challenging situations.

The Supplier Code of Conduct.

Risk identification and analysis

The Group’s approach to identifying and analyzing risks is described on pages 194-195.

Minimum Control Standards

The Minimum Control Standards cover the following core business processes, going beyond accounting and finance:

• Governance and compliance: Compliance with laws, regulations and the Code of Business Conduct, Board of Directors secretarial standards, Health, Safety & Environment policies as well as requirements on risk assessment and mitigation, segregation of duties, delegation of authorities, review of litigation, disputes, and personal data protection.

• Accounting and consolidation: Compliance with accounting principles including best practices from the reconciliation of accounts to consolidation of financial statements,and submission of Group reporting requirements and statutory financial statements.

• Tax: Tax risk assessment and reporting, tax filings and payments, deferred and income tax calculations, transfer pricing and non-income (indirect) taxes.

• Treasury: Bank relations, secure payment handling, financial instruments, borrowings and commitments and foreign exchange, interest rate, commodities risks monitoring and hedging.

• Fixed assets: Management of titles, licenses and permits, rehabilitation and restoration provisions, classification and depreciation of property, plant and equipment and physical verification.

• Inventory: Physical stock take (spare parts and materials), and inventory provisions and write-offs.

• Revenue: Master data, price management, customer credit limits, accounts receivable.

• Expenditure: Master data, supplier qualification, three-way match and direct vendor invoices, supplier payments and accruals for expenditures.

• HR: Employee management (onboarding, transfers, offboarding), payroll, compliance with local labor laws, and employee pension and benefit plans.

• IT: Information security management and IT service management.

• Sustainability: Environmental impact and social impact.

• Operational technology: Operational technology (OT) security baseline controls for OT systems and industrial applications, and OT infrastructure (hardware, operating system, database, network, interfaces) in all operating plants and sites.

Internal control monitoring throughout the Group

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of internal control. It tests and documents adherence to Minimum Control Standards. These activities are implemented at country and at all Group levels and encompass:

A description of key processes affecting the reliability of the Group’s financial reporting, and that of the parent company.

A detailed description of mandatory controls defined in the Group’s Minimum Control Standards.

Tests of controls to check the operational effectiveness. Group Internal Control provides each entity with clear guidance and testing methodology.

A twice-yearly internal certification process twice a year to review the main action plans in progress and confirm management responsibility at country and Group levels for quality of both internal control and financial reporting.

A formal reporting, analysis and control process for the information included in the Group’s Integrated Annual Report.

The implementation of action plans identified through the activities described above, as well as through internal and external audits, are followed up by relevant Senior Management. The outcome of such procedures is presented to the Audit Committee. Internal control is monitored at all levels of the Group. The roles of key stakeholders are described below:

Board of Directors and Board Committees

The Board of Directors, through the Audit Committee, reviews the management and internal auditor’s reports on the effectiveness of internal control systems. The Audit Committee forms its own opinion on the Internal Control System (ICS), risk management and state of compliance within the company.

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee steers the effective implementation of the Group’s ICS through:

The monitoring and follow-up of internal control procedures performed throughout the Group, and in particular those related to identified action plans. Periodic presentations on internal control are submitted to the Executive Committee.

Twice yearly review and certification of the respective country’s Minimum Control Standards.

Group functions

Group functions leaders, including in particular managers of the Group Finance function, have been designated at Group level as business process owners, with responsibility for:

Documenting their processes at Group level, including product line specifics and verifying that the Internal Control Standards for such processes are effectively implemented

Defining and updating the standards of internal control applicable to countries.

Countries

Internal control falls under the direct responsibility of the Executive Committee for each country.

Internal control managers are appointed in each country to support the identification of risks, the implementation of the Minimum Control Standards and to ensure procedures related to internal control over financial reporting are implemented. Their activities are coordinated by the Group Internal Control department. Countries report their internal control assessments to the Group twice a year through the ICS and sign certification letters. Any exception to the Minimum Control Standards needs to be documented, mitigated and approved by the relevant Group function and Group Internal Control.

Group Internal Control department

The Group Internal Control department is in charge of overseeing internal control and monitoring all procedures related to internal control over financial reporting. This department manages the Minimum Control Standards and coordinates the network of internal control managers within countries. It supports countries and the Group functions in the implementation of these standards as well as the documentation and tests of Minimum Control Standards. Group Internal Control designs and coordinates the annual certification process to confirm management responsibility at each relevant level of the Group organization on the quality of both internal control and financial reporting. The outcome of this certification process is presented to the Group Chief Financial Officer for validation prior to presenting it to the Audit Committee.

Group Internal Audit

The Group Internal Audit department is responsible for performing an independent assessment of the quality of internal control at all levels of the organization following the annual audit plan approved by the Audit Committee. The main observations and findings observed during the audit assignments are reported periodically to the Audit Committee. For more information, please refer to Corporate Governance on page 146.

HUMAN RIGHTS SALIENT RISKS

We have identified seven salient human rights risks from our business activities, which we seek to proactively identify, cease, prevent or mitigate.

Holcim’s human rights guidelines and salient risks were defined after extensive consultation with our global senior executives, global managers, staff, external human rights experts, civil society and community representatives.

HUMAN RIGHTS - SALIENT RISKS 

 Risk                                                                        What it means for Holcim                                                                              Example
 Health and safety                                                           Being a leader in the building materials industry means setting new health, safety and environmental standards. Our aspiration is to conduct a business with zero harm to people and to create a healthy and safe environment for our employees, contractors, communities and customers, while minimizing our environmental footprint.  Building on Holcim’s workforce engagement program, Boots on the Ground (BoG), launched in 2021, we have enhanced our Treasure Hunt program by integrating it in the BoG application to amplify its impact on HSE priorities.
                                                                                                                                                                                   The BoG roadmap for 2025 features AI-powered advancements, including technical inspection modules, digital work permits and positive recognition.
                                                                                                                                                                                   ? More information is available on page 112
 Working conditions in our operations and, in particular, our supply chain   We respect workers’ rights. This applies to direct employees as well as contractors.                  In 2024, Holcim launched a new directive to enhance Holcim’s procurement practices, ensuring high standards for workers in the value chain while complying with the latest regulations. The directive includes a general framework outlining Holcim’s approach to identifying and managing impacts related to the value chain workers, as well as a formal process for analyzing business impacts and dependencies on value chain workers. This includes guidelines to: (1) Inform outsourcing decisions. (2) Enforce supplier qualification. (3) Validate workers credentials through access control systems to Holcim sites. (4) Enhance training and (5) Strengthen compliance verification and performance monitoring.
                                                                                                                                                                                   ? More information is available on page 120
 Discrimination and harassment                                               We promote an inclusive and fair workplace, where discrimination and harassment are not tolerated. As an equal opportunities employer, Holcim actively promotes diversity, making no distinction based on ethnic background, culture, religion, age, disability, medical conditions, race, sexual identity, gender, world view, affiliation to political organizations or unions, membership of minority groups, or sexual orientation. Harassment is an unwelcome, disrespectful or unacceptable behavior that has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment.  Holcim Trading & Shipping, part of the Holcim Group, has conducted a dedicated training Go Beyond Difficult Conversations for all its employees in 2024. The program aims to foster Nonviolent Communication (NVC) in the workplace, helping to sustain a culture without discrimination and harassment. The program includes theoretical and practical training in Nonviolent Communication teaching as well as various tools that can be applied in day to day workplace settings.
 Security-related abuses and violations                                      We use security services to protect our people and assets from intentional criminal activity and malicious acts on an as-needed basis and follow a strict risk-based methodology and stringent rules of professionalism and integrity. Holcim has made its adherence to human rights very clear in its Security and Resilience Policy and governance. Holcim holds its private security service providers and public forces accountable for meeting the highest compliance standards, with international best practices for security and human rights.  In 2024, in collaboration with the Geneva Center for Business and Human Rights, Holcim developed a series of e-learning modules on “How can security and respect for human rights work hand in hand?” These modules will be used on top of existing training material to raise awareness and train supervisors and managers across our operations on how to integrate human rights at work, cross-functionally partnering with security services.
 Child labor in high-risk supply chains                                      We respect and support children’s rights in our operations and supply chain. Holcim is at the beginning of the supply chain, therefore our Human Rights Impact Assessment and actions with communities are key levers to identify and act to eliminate child labor, for example by implementing social initiatives addressing communities’ socio-economic challenges.  We are committed to continuously strengthening children's rights across our supply chain as recognized by the Global Child Forum. Holcim enables access to education by running 18 schools in seven countries. These schools are often located in impoverished and remote areas with a higher risk of child labor. In 2024, Holcim completed the construction of a primary school in the Ivory Coast. Community members were empowered to produce bricks, helping them to generate an income while building a local school for 300 schoolchildren. This new school will help improve literacy in the region in collaboration with the Ministry of Education.
 Dust and other emissions                                                    We require all our sites to measure and manage air and other emissions. Our plants must operate within emission ranges to comply with environmental laws, regulations and standards applicable to our products and operations, and subscribe to leading industry initiatives and internal requirements. We continue to make improvements across all sites to address other sources of dust, such as surrounding roads. We have a program in place to consistently reduce fugitive emissions in all our plants, to preserve the local environment and minimize impacts on neighboring communities.  As part of our stakeholder engagement approach, cement sites hold regular Community Advisory Panels (CAP). At one such CAP meeting in Croatia, the local community had many questions about emissions. As a result, Holcim decided to make access to emissions data much easier. To meet the community’s needs, a dedicated website was launched, providing public access to live emission data. This ensures the transparent disclosure of emission levels to all stakeholders. The website is updated daily and includes links to the state database of all continuous emission measurement stations.
 Climate change and its impacts                                              We are decarbonizing our operations, scaling up low-carbon and circular construction, and growing Solutions & Products to make buildings sustainable in use. Holcim’s strategy includes 2030 and 2050 targets aligned with a 1.5°C scenario validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. We engage transparently and responsibly with public authorities, industry partners, customers and communities to create a political, economic and social ecosystem that encourages decarbonization, and fosters an environment that works for people and the planet.  We take a whole-society approach to reaching net zero, respecting human rights while creating decent work to ensure a Just Transition: holcim.com/just-transition
                                                                                                                                                                                   In 2024, we launched our first Just Transition Brochure. This illustrates our whole-society approach to reaching net zero, respecting human rights while creating decent jobs.


CLIMATE AND NATURE RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

With sustainability at the core of our strategy, we have implemented a comprehensive approach to anticipating climate and nature-related challenges as well as enhancing our ability to accelerate green growth.

Identifying climate and nature risks and opportunities

As the global political and industrial agenda is firmly moving toward green growth, we see ambitious initiatives such as EU Green Deal and the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act, which aim to decouple economic growth from carbon emissions and resource use. Due to this shift in the political agenda, the risks and opportunities in relation to the emerging climate and resource-related policies are a key element of our Group Risk Management Process.

We have tailored our Group Risk Management approach to align with best practices and recommendations, creating specific bottom-up assessments done by each country dedicated specifically to climate and nature topics. Adopting an integrated risk and opportunity approach allows Holcim to balance climate and nature risks against other material risks and opportunities, such as those related to strategic, operational or external topics and to facilitate the prioritization of the main threats. Our comprehensive climate and nature risk and opportunity assessment includes, but is not limited to, regulation and public policy scenarios, economic assumptions and project contingencies for significant CapEx projects such as those related to carbon capture utilization and storage as well as new production processes and technologies aimed at resource saving and efficiency.

Short- and medium-term assessments

Climate and nature risks are assessed over both the short (< 3 years) and medium term (< 10 years) in line with our 2030 sustainability targets. This enables operational teams to anticipate and adapt their business strategy, engage with key local stakeholders and prepare for potentially more stringent climate and nature regulations as well as new market conditions. Long-term risks and opportunities (up to 2050) have been assessed as part of our scenario planning (pages 232-235), whereby we tested the resilience of our strategy and the opportunities offered by innovative technologies.

Aligned with our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) methodologies, the risks include the inherent risk level (without consideration of the mitigations in place) and the residual risk level (after consideration of the mitigations in place). Any residual risk that remains uncovered must be reduced through action plans documented in our risk Management system. These are subject to a follow-up by the country Risk Leads.

CLIMATE & NATURE RESILIENCE AND ADAPTATION PROGRAM

The Group has implemented a climate and nature resilience and adaptation program to identify and mitigate the potential impacts of current and future climate and nature physical risks on our people, economic activities and assets. Our technology identifies projected site-level risks over a range of climate pathways and time periods, using the climate scenarios of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). This year, we increased the coverage of our assessment to include 322 cement plants as well as Solutions & Products sites.

? Read more about the program on page 223

Monitoring and reporting

At country level, the risk assessment involves all business areas. Involvement of the country Executive Committee and country Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is required before submission to the Group. The objective is to make sure that all potential areas of concern are included in the risk map, and to ensure that the risk assessment follows a forward-looking approach integrating potential risks arising from the strategic initiatives or projects that might occur in the next three to ten years. At Group level, country risk assessments are consolidated and adjusted, accounting for insights from Group level stakeholders, to consider local and global impacts.

We consider that any risk that impairs the achievement of our long-term target is substantive. We also consider the impact on the Group's or local operation's reputation with investors, rating agencies, regulators and other external stakeholders such as NGOs or media.

Once consolidated, all assessments are summarized in our Group Risk Report which is presented to the Audit Committee together with the Internal Audit Plan. Adopting an integrated risk and opportunity approach allows us to balance climate and nature risks against other material risks and opportunities, such as ones related to strategic, operational or external topics and facilitate the prioritization of the main threats.

TCFD/TNFD ADOPTION TIMELINE

Holcim’s journey toward implementing and promoting Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) recommendations. 

 2018                                                                                                  2020                                                                                                  2021                                                                                                  2022                                                                                                  2023                                                                                                  2024 and beyond
 Implementation in TCFD framework                                                                      Participation in the TCFD Preparer Forum for the construction sector                                  TNFD launch                                                                                           Industry’s first Climate Report                                                                       Early adopter of the TNFD framework                                                                   Implementation of TNFD framework
 Dedicated governance, strategy, risk management and metrics are specifically designed to address the climate challenges.  Recognized as a reference in providing climate-related disclosures, our company committed to the promotion of TCFD recommendations.  Holcim selected to be an official task force member of the TNFD (one of 17 corporate companies selected).  With our Climate Report, a first in our sector, we further strengthened our climate-related disclosures and transparency by setting out our decarbonization roadmap in detail. In 2023, our second Climate Report received a 95.75% advisory vote in favor from our shareholders.  Leveraging the integration of the TCFD into the ERM process, the company performed a gap analysis and started to incorporate nature elements into the ERM process to ensure full compliance with TNFD in 2024.  Holcim has fully implemented a dedicated process to identify, assess, prioritize and monitor nature-related dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities.


TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TNFD) ALIGNMENT 

 GOVERNANCE            Board oversight                                                                                       Management’s role                                                                                    
                       • Refer to “Holcim governance approach climate and nature-related risks and opportunities,” page 143, “Information and control instruments of the Board of Directors,” page 145, and “Risk and control” section > “Roles and responsibilities,” page 194  • Refer to “Risk and control” section > “Roles and responsibilities,” page 194                       
 STRATEGY              Risks and opportunities over the short, medium and long term                                          Impact on the organization’s business, strategy and financial planning                                Scenario planning
                       • Refer to “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” section, pages 214-230, and “Climate and nature physical risks” section, pages 223-225  • Refer to “Risk and control” section, pages 194-235, “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” section, pages 214-230, and “Climate and nature physical risks” section, pages 223-225  • Refer to “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” section > “Scenario planning”, pages 232-235
 RISK MANAGEMENT       Climate change-related risks identification and assessment                                            Climate change-related risks management                                                               Integration into overall risk management
                       • Refer to “Risk and control” section, pages 194-235, “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” section, pages 214-230, “Climate and nature physical risks” section, pages 223- 225  • Refer to “Risk and control” section, pages 194-235, and “Climate and nature risks and opportunities” section, pages 214-230, “Climate and nature physical risks” section, pages 223-225  • Refer to “Risk and control” section, pages 194-235, and “Information and control instruments of the Board of Directors”, page 145
 METRICS AND TARGETS   Reporting CO2 metrics                                                                                 Details Scope 1, 2 and 3                                                                              CO2 targets
                       • Refer to sustainability performance data tables on pages 379-381                                    • Refer to sustainability performance data tables on page 381                                         • Refer to sustainability performance data tables on page 379


TASK FORCE ON NATURE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) ALIGNMENT 

 GOVERNANCE                   Board oversight                                                                                       Management’s role
                              • Refer to “Holcim governance approach climate and nature-related risks and opportunities”, page 143, “Information and control instruments of the Board of Directors”, page 145, “Long-term incentives”, page 175, and “Risk and control” > “Roles and responsibilities”, page 195  • Refer to “Risk and control” > “Roles and responsibilities”, page 195
                                                                                                                                    Organization’s engagement with local stakeholders
                                                                                                                                    • Refer to “Human rights - salient risks”, pages 212-213
 STRATEGY                     Identification of nature-related dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities over the short, medium and long term  Resilience taking into account different scenarios
                              • Refer to “Material priorities”, pages 196-197, “Climate and nature risks and opportunities”, pages 214-230  • Refer to “Climate and nature risks and opportunities,” pages 214-230, “Scenario analysis,” pages 232-235
                              Effects of nature-related dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities on the organization          Location of assets and activities in direct operations, upstream and downstream that are in priority locations
                              • Refer to “Our approach”, pages 56-57, “Climate and nature risks and opportunities”, pages 214-230   • Refer to sustainability performance data tables on pages 384-385
 RISK AND IMPACT MANAGEMENT   Identification and prioritization of impacts, dependencies, risks and opportunities in direct operations  Managing impacts, dependencies, risks and opportunities
                              • Refer to “Our approach,” pages 56-57, “Material priorities”, pages 196-197, “Climate and nature risks and opportunities”, pages 214-230  • Refer to “Climate and nature risks and opportunities”, pages 214-230
                              Identification and prioritization of impacts, dependencies, risks and opportunities in upstream and downstream value chain  Integration with overall risk management processes
                              • Refer to “Climate and nature risks and opportunities”, pages 214-230                                • Refer to “Risk and control”, pages 194-235, “Information and control instruments of the Board of Directors”, page 145
 METRICS AND TARGETS          Metrics to manage risks and opportunities                                                             Targets and goals
                              • Refer to “Climate and nature risks and opportunities”, pages 214-230, sustainability performance data tables on pages 379-385  • Refer to “Our approach”, pages 56-57, sustainability performance data tables on pages 379-385
                              Metrics dependencies and impacts on nature                                                           
                              • Refer to “Our approach”, pages 56-57, sustainability performance data tables on pages 379-385      


CLIMATE AND NATURE RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES DESCRIPTIONS

Our climate and nature risks and opportunities assessment is fully aligned with TCFD and TNFD frameworks.

Climate risks and opportunities have been fully accounted for in our transformational business model, which has four strategic decarbonization pillars: decarbonizing operations, decarbonizing construction, decarbonizing cities and circular construction.

Nature risks and opportunities have been integrated into the company strategy in order to reduce our most material nature-related impacts and dependencies, preserve biodiversity and ecosystems and prepare for potentially more stringent nature-related regulations.

We believe that the risks and opportunities presented here represent the most material risks and opportunities for our company, although other risks or opportunities might materialize, especially as policy, economic or technological landscapes evolve. 

 CLIMATE RISKS                                                                                         CLIMATE OPPORTUNITIES  
 Policy and Legal   Carbon pricing mechanisms (and other climate policies)                             Resource efficiency     Accelerating circularity in construction
 Market             Slow market acceptance for low-carbon products and solutions                       Energy source           Access to competitive decarbonized energy
 Technology         Feasibility of new technologies (including CCUS) across all relevant geographies   Products / services     Decarbonizing the built environment
 Reputation         Damaged reputation due to undocumented or unsubstantiated green claims             Markets                 Growing demand for low-carbon and climate resilient solutions and products
 Physical risk      Damaged assets and operations                                                                             


 NATURE RISKS                                                                                      NATURE OPPORTUNITIES  
 Policy and Legal   Nature-related policies                                                        Resource efficiency    Operational efficiency and reduced dependence on natural resources
 Market             Price of raw materials and natural inputs                                                            
 Technology         New production processes and technologies for resource saving and efficiency   Market                 Growing demand for biodiversity and nature-driven products and solutions
 Reputation         Reputational damage                                                            Reputation             Reputational capital
 Liability          Liability arising from legal claims                                                                  


CLIMATE RISK CARBON PRICING MECHANISMS (AND OTHER CLIMATE POLICIES) 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Transitioning to a decarbonized business model depends on effective climate policies with robust carbon pricing mechanisms such as the EU ETS, which requires stable, transparent, and equitable CO2 pricing. Volatility or misalignment in carbon pricing schemes, particularly outside the EU (e.g., in the U.S.), could significantly impact the achievement of our net-zero targets and hinder long-term planning.  Even though the political and industrial agenda is firmly moving toward green growth, ineffective climate policies and carbon pricing mechanisms could lead to a misalignment between our efforts to reach net-zero emissions and the regulatory framework. On the contrary, more stringent and well-designed CO2 regulations, and the associated set of environmental measures, would reinforce our competitive advantage as we decarbonize following our ambitious emissions targets. In Europe, the Emissions Trading System (ETS), as well as Swiss and UK schemes associated with the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM), strongly encourage industries to decarbonize and tackle climate change. However, CBAM’s effective and fair implementation, including strict measures to prevent circumvention, will be critical to maintaining a level playing field between domestic manufacturers and importers. In the U.S., while there is no national carbon pricing framework comparable to the EU ETS, recent initiatives have moved the agenda towards green growth, such as the Inflation Reduction Act in 2022, which created incentives to deploy low-carbon and resource efficient technologies at scale. Additionally, Article 6 of the Paris Agreement opens up new avenues for international cooperation on climate action by allowing countries to voluntarily collaborate. Alongside this voluntary collaboration principle, the Voluntary Carbon Market (VMC) and the Book & Claim mechanism - although operating outside of state or intergovernmental frameworks - also offer promising opportunities to achieve sustainability targets where it proves challenging. While they offer promising pathways to net-zero targets, robust regulation, including stricter verification and tracking of emissions reductions, is crucial to ensure their integrity and effectiveness. In the long term, we anticipate additional sets of measures in the journey to a low-carbon economy, such as the ones that set rules for explicit green claims or for communications to the financial markets. New carbon markets and pricing mechanisms that create a robust environment that encourages direct investments towards sustainable projects and helps scale up sustainable development towards the objectives of the European Green Deal, represent an opportunity for our Group.  Our CO2 reduction roadmap follows a best-in-class approach with both our 2030 and 2050 targets (net-zero pledge) validated by the SBTi as aligned with 1.5°C.
                                                                                                       Impacts on financial reporting                                                                        To accelerate green growth, Holcim is deeply transforming its business model in order to be a major player in decarbonizing building across the value chain, to reduce emissions and build smarter and better with less. Changes in regulatory frameworks worldwide are regularly monitored centrally to assess our exposure to new CO2 pricing schemes, but also to identify opportunities and market incentives for low-carbon products, or any developments that require us to accelerate or adapt the deployment of our decarbonization roadmap. Aligned with the most recent regulatory moves towards sustainable green growth such as Europe’s Green Deal and the US Inflation Reduction Act, our “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth” has put decarbonization at the heart of our industrial and commercial strategy, driving circular construction to build better with less and developing solutions to make cities greener from foundation to rooftop.
                                                                                                       Useful lives of assets may be affected by climate-related matters because of transitional risks such as obsolescence and legal restrictions. The change in useful lives has a direct impact on the amount of depreciation or amortization recognized each year. Management’s review of useful lives has taken into consideration the impacts of the Group’s 2030 targets. It can also lead to the impairment of operating assets that no longer comply with more stringent environmental measures. Climate-related matters may affect the level of provisions recognized, such as site restoration provision and litigation provision as a result of the levies imposed by governments for failure to meet climate-related targets or new regulations, requirements to remediate environmental damages on Holcim’s sites or due to existing obligations now being considered more likely. Some contracts may become onerous as a result of climate-related changes, which would potentially decrease the Group’s revenue or increase its operating costs.  Holcim continues to proactively and transparently engage with external stakeholders and advocate for climate policies that are aligned to the Paris Agreement 1.5°C, which enables us to accelerate the deployment of low-carbon solutions to execute and meet the objectives of our decarbonization roadmap. With that perspective, we support enhancements of the regulatory environment globally that aim to:
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Support the business case to invest at scale in decarbonized technologies (including CCUS).
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Incentivize market demand for decarbonized and circular solutions.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Facilitate access to competitive decarbonized energy.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             • Implement effective carbon pricing mechanisms and enable industry to remain competitive on the global stage.


OVERVIEW OF OUR EXPOSURE TO CO2 REGULATIONS 

 Scope 2 emissions uncovered   5.7%
 Scope 1 emissions uncovered   66.0%
 EU ETS                        20.8%
 UK ETS                        0.5%
 Canada provincial schemes     4.3%
 Swiss ETS                     1.5%
 Carbon taxes                  1.2%


Currently, 28% of our emissions are exposed to CO2 regulations.

Besides carbon pricing and taxes, other climate policies might have an influence on our decarbonization roadmap, especially those policies that allow us to maintain the competitiveness of low-carbon technology investments in the cement industry, and that set rules for the re-use of captured CO2, as well as waste management regulations.

Europe is the most advanced region, with a mature Emissions Trading Ssystem (ETS) which incentivizes carbon reduction initiatives. Coupled with other climate policies (revised building codes, EU Taxonomy), Europe offers huge opportunities for the successful implementation of our net-zero roadmap.

The U.S. stands apart, as the country is a patchwork of federal and state regulations mostly not covered by an ETS, despite certain states having one or planning to implement one. However, the current approach is based on mostly voluntary initiatives, with few federal regulations being implemented, while certain states are setting regulations and standards (building codes, public procurement, transparent communication), which might not be enough to support decarbonization efforts and investments in breakthrough technologies. However, the recent Inflation Reduction Act (2022), promoting investments in decarbonization projects and securing long term strategies, is likely to offer a specific path to a decarbonization model.

Latin America is moving toward carbon regulation similar to the EU ETS, with pilots in certain countries, notably Mexico. We anticipate that the implementation of carbon pricing in Latin America will support our efforts to decarbonize.

In the long term, the absence of more stringent and ambitious CO2 regulation in Middle East, Africa or Asia may lead to future conflicts between financial performance and emission reductions, should market dynamics be insufficient to support decarbonization efforts.

CLIMATE RISK SLOW MARKET ACCEPTANCE FOR LOW-CARBON PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Holcim’s decarbonization journey entails the capacity to meet customers’ product quality and decarbonization expectations. Indeed, the successful launch of our global low-carbon brands ECOPact and ECOPlanet exposes the Group to new threats should the Group be unable to build strong credibility with its customers, document and back up environmental claims, develop strategic partnerships, leverage differentiating capabilities or promote a marketing and product-led approach within the Group.  Slow market acceptance for low-carbon products and solutions could lead to revenue losses due to reduced demand and limit margin improvements. While there is no viable, affordable and local substitute for cement on a global scale, increased pressure to decarbonize the built environment may support growing demand for low-carbon products and solutions, thus potentially increasing our market share in the range of low-carbon cement and sustainable solutions.  Our approach is to meet customer needs along the entire construction value chain by developing and delivering solutions that address both customer expectations regarding product quality and safety as well as today’s major construction challenges (scarcity of resources, sustainable and resilient infrastructure, urbanization), turning sustainable growth into profitable growth.
                                                                                                       Impacts on financial reporting                                                                        We offer our customers advanced sustainable solutions to best meet their needs and have already expanded our multi-billion brands delivering value-added margins. We have built billion-dollar low-carbon brands from ECOPact concrete to ECOPlanet cement. By 2030, Holcim will grow both brands, which offer customers at least 30% less CO2 compared with local standard (CEM I/OPC) concrete and cement. With the help of carbon capture, we are aiming to produce eight million tons of fully decarbonized ECOPlanet cement per annum by 2030. Where possible, our solutions are independently verified through Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs), which validate the environmental profile of our products and ensure transparency.
                                                                                                       Impairment testing is performed at cash generating unit (CGU) level. In assessing the valuation of a CGU, future cash flows are estimated. This includes making assumptions in relation to the impact of climate-related matters on future profitability. The impact of climate-related matters could result in higher costs and reduced revenues affecting the future taxable profits on which the recognition of deferred tax assets is based. Business plans used for the recognition of deferred tax assets are aligned with those used in the impairment process, taking into account climate-related impacts. 


CLIMATE RISK FEASIBILITY OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES (INCLUDING CCUS) ACROSS ALL RELEVANT GEOGRAPHIES 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 The inability to deliver Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage (CCUS) projects or develop necessary technologies that meet both technical and financial expectations could inhibit Holcim from achieving its decarbonization targets.  The successful scaling up of CCUS relies on accurate projections of external factors such as compatibility with CO2 usage opportunities, climate regulations, market acceptance of low-carbon products, the existence of large transportation infrastructure as well as other aspects of viability and scalability. In addition, there are contingencies related to the management of the projects especially in regard to the management of technical interfaces and the relationships with stakeholders (public administrations, partners, suppliers, communities). In the long term, should CCUS be confirmed as the main technology to remove CO2, there is a risk of stranded assets where CCUS is not feasible (absence of transport infrastructure, insufficient storage capacities, insufficient renewable power or water supply, etc.), and may subsequently risk the loss of leadership in the decarbonization journey.  We investigate every opportunity, at every stage of a building’s life cycle, to eliminate emissions and build smarter and better. Leveraging proven processes and existing technologies, we are optimizing our own consumption of resources, using low-carbon energy and fuel, and reducing our water use.
                                                                                                       The pathway from 2030 to 2050 also integrates a large range of both new and established decarbonization technologies including novel binders (calcined clay), zero-emission vehicles and low-clinker cements. For the latter, higher prices for mineral components (MIC) such as slag and fly ash challenge our CO2 reduction roadmap, as the integration of MIC in our cement production process is a key lever for the reduction of clinker factor and thus reduction of our CO2 footprint.  In line with our “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth”, we are accelerating the decarbonization of our own operations to become a net-zero company by switching to renewable energy, developing new formulations, adopting decarbonized mobility and harnessing advanced technologies such as carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS).
                                                                                                       Impacts on financial reporting                                                                        Furthermore, in 2024 the Group continued to successfully demonstrate its ability to bolster its net-zero future through CCUS with an additional project selected by the European Union (EU) Innovation Fund to capture a total of 5 million tons of CO2 from 2030. With seven projects now selected for EU Innovation Fund grants and additional projects at an advanced stage of planning, we are further reinforcing our solid portfolio of CCUS projects globally. Based on various technologies, robust partnerships and value chains, these sites are well positioned to become net-zero cement plants and drive our Group to net zero. Holcim is a partner of choice in the CCUS ecosystem in Europe and continues to actively engage with public authorities, industry partners, customers and communities. In addition, new economic conditions could emerge in the long term (steady development of e-fuels, growing usage of captured CO2 by the chemical industry) and drive a significant shift from CO2 storage to CO2 utilization, improving the profitability of CCUS and offering new prospects for this business model. Holcim also continues to explore promising opportunities such as smart design, novel binders, kiln electrification and the use of hydrogen.
                                                                                                       Useful lives of assets may be affected by climate-related matters because of transitional risks such as technological obsolescence. It can also lead to the impairment of operating assets. Sustainability is now a key factor considered by the Group in any investment decision. The transition to lower-emission technologies will impact the allocation of future CapEx. The Group’s R&D expenditures are aligned with the strategy to focus on new and alternative technologies that, as a result of diverse research initiatives, may either impact CapEx or R&D costs in the statement of income, depending on the success of the initiatives. 


HARNESSING PROMISING CCUS PROJECTS TO REACH NET ZERO

It is clear that no single solution will be scalable at every location, since different environments present different conditions. Consequently, there is a risk of us not capitalizing on every promising opportunity offered by CCUS, thus compromising our decarbonization agenda. For this reason, we have ensured that our portfolio of projects is based on the broadest selection of mature technologies and applications (including those with proven results in other industries), offering the largest range of possible solutions to implement CCUS in locations based on the local context (existence and reliability of local infrastructure for CO2 transportation or storage, industry partners, economic environment, regulatory frameworks).

The successful deployment of CCUS technology is underpinned by effective project management in order to build strong credibility with our partners and secure public funding. Holcim is thoroughly assessing the potential impacts on the environment and the communities where we operate throughout the full value chain:

Energy consumption: Capturing CO2 is an energy-intensive process. Our projects are assessed according to availability of renewable energy sources.

Water withdrawals/consumption: CCUS typically requires water for the capture process, with a large portion of the water needed for cooling purposes, and may generate wastewater. Through the implementation of efficient closed-loop recycling systems and the shift to non-freshwater sources, the use and disposal of water will be managed carefully to minimize environmental impacts.

Communities: We are looking at both onshore and offshore CO2 storage facilities. Concerns around the safety of storing CO2 underground and potential leaks that could impact nearby communities are thoroughly assessed.

Scope 3 emissions: Depending on the application (storage or utilization), carbon capture technologies will have an impact on our Scope 3 emissions. These are evaluated project by project and accounted for in our Scope 3 modeling. The configuration and ownership of the carbon capture facility down the value chain will shape the accounting of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Holcim is monitoring the evolution of these standards and advocating for a fair and balanced approach.

The Group’s long-term CCUS strategy is based on both planned and opportunistic timing of numerous CCUS projects, starting in locations where the context is the most relevant, especially in jurisdictions that are already proactively supporting CCUS technology or where transportation and storage infrastructure and geographies already exist. Accelerating the transition to a decarbonized economy, Holcim responsibly advocates for both onshore storage and the re-use of CO2. We are actively partnering with stakeholders who support the transition to a decarbonized economy, including governments, industry bodies and equipment suppliers, to enable the development of the conditions required for success. Understanding the key success factors from the initial projects in Europe and North America, we will create an environment that will facilitate the implementation of CCUS in plants where opportunities for it are currently under development.

CLIMATE RISK GREEN CAPEX AT HOLCIM

Holcim puts sustainability at the core of our strategy to build a net-zero future. Our focus on green investments is a fundamental aspect of this strategy.

In 2024, our Green CapEx reached CHF 534 million, including investments of CHF 433 million in projects to accelerate our CO2 reduction and circular economy, and CHF 101 million in environment and people-related projects. We will sustain our annual green CapEx at CHF 500 million by 2025. These investments will impact all our operations and geographies and will encompass existing technologies with proven returns.

We are committed to aligning capital expenditure plans with our long-term net-zero reduction target, which has been validated by SBTi and is aligned with the Paris Agreement’s objective of limiting global warming to 1.5°.

Holcim Green CapEx classifications encompass a broad range of activities, including those not eligible under the EU Taxonomy, and consider a wider scope of environmental benefits. As a result, there are overlaps and differences between Holcim Green CapEx and the EU Taxonomy-aligned CapEx disclosed. 

 GREEN CAPEX CATEGORIES                                                                              2024                             2025
 PROCESS DECARBONIZATION         Reduce direct CO2 emissions                                                                         
 CLEAN ENERGY                    Waste heat recovery, renewable energy, electrical/efficient fleet   CO2-RELATED CAPEX                GREEN CAPEX INCREASED TO
 CARBON-EFFICIENT CONSTRUCTION   ECOPact, ECOPlanet, 3D printing                                     CHF 433M                         >CHF 0.5BN IN 2025
 CIRCULAR ECONOMY                Alternative fuels, reuse of demolition materials, ECOCycle®                                         
 BIODIVERSITY, AIR AND WATER1    Preserve air, water and green roofs                                 ENVIRONMENT AND PEOPLE-RELATED   BY ALLOCATING MORE CAPEX TO GREEN PROJECTS
 PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES          Affordable housing, health and safety                               CAPEX                            WE WILL FURTHER BOOST RETURNS
                                                                                                     CHF 101M                        


1 CHF 0.4 million for biodiversity-related CapEx, CHF 9.4 million for water-related CapEx.

CLIMATE RISK DAMAGED REPUTATION DUE TO UNDOCUMENTED OR UNSUBSTANTIATED GREEN CLAIMS 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 The Group’s inability to meet its decarbonization commitments , if materialized, is likely to damage the Group’s reputation and reduce our attractiveness to stakeholders such as customers, investors, and potential employees.  In light of increased public scrutiny on green claims, there is a growing reputational risk in case the Group does not achieve its climate targets, is found to have misreported its emissions, if its targets and claims are not ambitious enough, or if they are deemed incomplete, vague, ambiguous or insufficiently documented on a scientific basis. In addition, litigation on the basis of climate action failure (including misreporting of emissions) is emerging and could also exacerbate reputational damages.  The Group’s first priority and strategy is Accelerating Green Growth as a global leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions. We continuously ensure our targets stay abreast with the latest scientific developments and the highest level of scientific rigor. For this reason, Holcim was the first company in its sector to have 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), as aligned with a 1.5°C pathway. To ensure emissions reductions are in line with our corporate targets and decarbonization roadmap, we establish plant-level climate mitigation. Furthermore, we ensure rigorous emissions accounting for both our direct and indirect CO2 emissions, based on the latest emissions accounting protocols. Holcim notably engages with key suppliers and business partners to respond to climate risks, encouraging them to measure and manage their CO2 impact in their operation and their supply chain.
                                                                                                       Impacts on financial reporting                                                                        To reflect the credibility of our sustainability commitments to investors, Holcim ahead of a bond issuance always assesses the feasibility to offer sustainability linked bonds to its investors. More recently Holcim updated its financing framework and added the option to issue green bonds which will be associated to the bond offering.
                                                                                                       Holcim has increased diversification of financing instruments with, for example, sustainability linked bonds, which are linking our funding with our sustainability objectives. This could have an impact on the Group’s financial expenses in the event the Group does not reach the targets that have been set.  While our brands ECOPact and ECOPlanet are becoming multi-billion CHF brands, we ensure that each of those products follow strict clear global brand qualification criteria and adhere to international standards and consider both present and future frameworks.


CLEAR, TRANSPARENT CRITERIA FOR LOW-CARBON PRODUCT CLAIMS

In 2021 and 2022, Holcim voluntarily and proactively launched brands with low-carbon criteria supported by clear, documented and publicly available credentials. In the absence of recognized external standards at the time, Holcim initiated its own definition of low-carbon products.

In recognition of the rapid increase in regulatory regulations and in accordance with our objective of fostering the emergence of internationally recognized standards for low-carbon products, Holcim is continuously updating and reinforcing the alignment of low-carbon brand definitions with external global frameworks such as the Industrial Deep Decarbonisation Initiative (IDDI) from United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO).

Transparency is key on Holcim’s net-zero journey, and we are committed to providing reliable environmental information so that our customers can build with low-carbon materials in a transparent, verified way. We have partnered with Climate Earth to expand Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs) worldwide, utilizing Climate Earth’s EPD GeneratorTM digital platform. As an independent verification system that validates the environmental profile of products including ECOPact and ECOPlanet, EPDs are vital to accelerating low-carbon demand and decarbonizing building at scale.

CLIMATE RISK DAMAGED ASSETS AND OPERATIONS 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 The physical consequences of climate change (such as increased frequency and intensity of extreme weather events), have the potential to disrupt our operations on both on-site and value chain transportation activities, leading to higher costs and reduced production capacity (e.g. delayed planning approval, supply chain interruptions), business interruptions and even reputational damages.  For Holcim, water-related physical risks are particularly critical. Floods, often triggered by storms can severely disrupt our on-site operations and affect our river-based supply chains (shipping) and product delivery. In the meantime, climate change is affecting the on-site conditions of natural resources essential to Holcim’s operations leading to nature-related risks that could severely threaten our business activities. For example, droughts can increase water scarcity which may lead to production disruptions, as water is a vital resource for our traditional businesses. As the climate changes, extreme weather events are likely to increase and intensify with potentially higher associated insurance costs.  Holcim sites need to be prepared to manage current and future physical climate-related risks that could disrupt our operations and production capacities. In 2024, our assessment of physical risks associated with climate change has been fully implemented, on a per site view and across the Holcim portfolio identifying the most material risks. At a Group level, the climate resilience and adaptation program works towards the protection of our people and the environments. Furthermore, a Group-wide climate risk assessment strengthens the decision-making process, mitigates financial losses due to asset damage and business interruption, and ensures adaptation to climate change based on scientific data.
                                                                                                       Impacts on financial reporting                                                                       
                                                                                                       Physical deterioration of our production assets would result in potential impairment. Climate-related matters may affect the value of inventories as they may become obsolete as a result of a decline in selling prices or an increase in costs. The cost of inventories that are not recoverable must be written down to their net realizable value. Climate change may imply more frequent and intense climate events such as flooding or drought, which can have a significant impact on our production with business interruption, increased risk of accident or damages. This may increase our insurance costs due to the higher amounts at stake or more frequent insured cases. 


FOCUS ON CLIMATE AND NATURE PHYSICAL RISKS

Identifying climate and nature risks

Our climate and nature resilience and adaptation program is embedded in our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process. It is designed to assess current and future exposure as well as capture site resilience and preparedness for these risks. This program ensures the protection of our people and assets, and compliance with the climate change adaptation (CCA) objective (EU Taxonomy).

We are integrating the results into a questionnaire for sites to assess the impacts of the risks, identify the adaptation solutions in place and define action plans to reduce exposure. Our 2024 assessment covered 320 sites, including integrated cement sites and associated quarries, grinding and blending stations, Geocycle sites, and selected insulation production sites. The impact level is defined as the impact to the entire Group and not the individual asset at risk.

Short-, medium- and long-term time horizons

For each location, changes to climate and nature physical risks are assessed based on the years 2025, 2030 and 2050 and under three future scenarios (SSP1-2.6, SSP2-4.5, and SSP5-8.5) from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report. The scenarios consider greenhouse gas concentration trajectories in the atmosphere that relate to a 1.5°C-2°C, 2°C-3°C and >4°C increase in the global average surface temperature by 2100 respectively.

Adaptation and resilience strategy

Following our risk assessment, we have a clearer understanding of our exposure to risks and the actions needed to adapt to climate change and nature dependencies. Our sites continuously adapt and enhance their resilience capabilities in line with the Group’s Crisis Management System, which sets out the requirements for each operation to respond to physical risks, including an Emergency Response Plan, Crisis Management Plan, Business Continuity Plan and Evacuation Plan. The exercise also documents future CapEx needs and substantiates the economic rationale for the investment to respond to climate and nature physical risks and reduce our impacts and dependencies on nature and global raw resources. 

 Climate or Nature Physical Risk   Current Impact Level   Number of Sites Exposed (% out of total scope)1   Future Exposure (by 2050)2
 Flood                             ?                      13.8%                                             =
 Storm/precipitation               ?                      15.9%                                             ?
 Wildfire                          ?                      8.1%                                              =
 Landslide                         ?                      7.5%                                              =
 Drought                           ?                      34.4%                                             ?
 Extreme temperature               ?                      40.3%                                             ?
 Water security                    ?                      55.0%                                             ?


1 Corresponds to short-term (2025) exposure to climate and nature physical risks.

2 Corresponds to mid-term and long-term (from 2030 to 2050) exposure trend to climate and nature physical risks under Shared Socioeconomic Pathway 5-8.5. 

 ?   Low negative impact on personnel, operations and assets. Medium negative impact on personnel, operations and assets.  ?   Climate projections indicate a long-term increase in the number of sites (% of total scope) with high or very high exposure to the climate or nature physical risk.
     High negative impact on personnel, operations and assets.                                                
 ?   The number of assessed sites (% of total scope) with high or very high current exposure to the climate or nature physical risk.  =   Climate projections suggest long-term stability in the number of sites (% of total scope) with high or very high exposure to the climate or nature physical risk.


CLIMATE AND NATURE PHYSICAL RISKS ACUTE RISKS 

 Risk Description                                                                                      Potential impact                                                                                      Adaptation and resilience strategy
 Flood                                                                                                 As a building materials company, Holcim is exposed to high and low water levels and flooding events. These conditions can directly impede planned transportation schedules, as transportation routes may be blocked or submerged. In addition, operations may be slowed down or halted due to employees being unable to work as they cope with the flood. Critical equipment or infrastructure may also be damaged.  We have taken proactive steps to respond to flood risks by implementing climate adaptation measures, particularly in our businesses that are the most vulnerable to fluctuating water levels and flooding events. For example, in the U.S., we have implemented a response plan that involves altering transportation methods and production sourcing, making use of temporary seasonal floating storage and short-term rail track. Moreover, a comprehensive array of flood protection equipment (e.g. flood barriers, sandbags, drains on roofs), is proactively implemented and emergency reserves (e.g. backup power, fuel reserves, water bottles) are in place on sites. Additionally, dewatering systems are strategically deployed in relevant quarries to effectively handle higher rates of water infiltration. Beyond these preventative measures, Holcim is actively supporting communities affected by floods, as during the recent flooding event in eastern Spain (2024). We are committed to providing robust recovery effort support and sharing essential documents that outline effective individual strategies and valuable information for managers and leaders.
 Includes fluvial, riverine, pluvial floods and storm surges. The risk score is based on changes in precipitation patterns as well as other components such as topography, catchment area and runoff.                                                                                                       
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? =                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Storm/Precipitation                                                                                   Storms associated with strong winds can damage buildings, trees, and infrastructure which may generate debris on roads and disrupt transportation. Power lines can also be disrupted which may lead to limited operations. Water storms may also lead to flooding events while runoffs may carry pollutants into waterways, contaminating water sources.  Holcim prioritizes safety during heavy storms, adjusting or temporarily halting production as necessary. Storm shelters are available for both personnel and critical equipment. Our proactive monitoring of cyclone alerts and river levels in Bangladesh notably enabled the company to suspend operations at its Mongla grinding station before Cyclone Remal made landfall, minimizing damage and ensuring employee safety in cyclone shelters. In addition, dedicated stormwater management and spill containment teams are in place to address stormwater runoff and prevent contamination. In the event of of lightning storms, a lightning arrester system and grounding system are used to reduce the impact of electrical discharges caused by lightning strikes.
 Maximum daily precipitation (in mm) for a predefined event. Also includes windstorms and lightning storms.                                                                                                       
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? ?                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Wildfire                                                                                              Wildfires present a significant threat to quarries and cement facilities, particularly those situated near forested areas. Wildfires release smoke and particulate matter into the air, which can cause respiratory problems and other health issues. They can also lead to temporary shutdowns, damage essential infrastructure and disrupt transportation networks which may result in delays and increased costs.  Holcim has implemented a set of measures to prevent the spread of wildfires and protect its employees. This includes a fire emergency response plan (e.g., evacuation plan, fire drills) as well as proactive action plans such as managing areas around the plant to reduce wildfire proliferation (e.g., vegetation clearing). In addition, Holcim maintains installations and regularly checks fire-fighting infrastructure and equipment (e.g., water cisterns, fire walls, fire alarms, fire hydrant systems, fire extinguishers). We also conduct appropriate training of personnel on site. For instance in 2024, our preventive measures enabled us to safely evacuate our employees at the Rifle Port Terminal in Colorado during a wildfire in the vicinity.
 Likelihood of wildfire based on current land susceptibility to fire and projected hot and dry weather.                                                                                                       
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? =                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Landslide                                                                                             Extreme downpours increase the risk of landslides. Apart from the potential impact on people, a landslide may also damage building structures, entrap equipment, contaminate underground water systems and destabilize building foundations. Severe landslide damage to transport infrastructure can disrupt local supply chains.  Holcim has implemented a comprehensive plan that includes geological and landslide risk studies and the installation of slope stability monitoring equipment. Containment systems on access roads to quarries (e.g. berms, barriers, and mesh systems) and backup generators in case of damage to electrical infrastructures, are available to reduce the risk of business interruption. For instance, even though no recent landslide events, such as those in Ecuador (2022) or in Colombia (2024), had a direct impact on our people and operations, our sites were proactively prepared to ensure the safety of our employees.
 Mass movement processes including rockfall, debris flows and mudslides.                                                                                                                                    
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? =                                                                                                                                                                                                      


CLIMATE AND NATURE PHYSICAL RISKS CHRONIC RISKS 

 Risk Description                                                                                      Potential impact                                                                                      Adaptation and resilience strategy
 Drought                                                                                               Acute drought periods may lead to business interruptions due to water scarcity. Droughts significantly reduce water levels which may impact waterborne transport, restrict shipping capacity and disrupt production processes. In addition, the potential implementation of water usage quotas due to water shortages for drinking and other industries may further limit production capacity.  By leveraging WRI Aqueduct data on water stress and scarcity combined with SBTN's framework for setting science-based targets, Holcim continuously develops tailored strategies to enhance our resilience in each of our sites. We notably introduced mature water management systems focused on optimizing consumption through improved rainwater capture, water recycling, and retention basins, and aim to equip 100% of our sites with water recycling systems. For example, in Egypt, we have responded to risks associated with water scarcity by commissioning a desalination facility, enhancing our resilience and ensuring our commitment to sustainable water management.
 Water stress locations based on the Standardized Precipitation Index (SPI) in combination with the number of heat wave days.                                                                                                       
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? ?                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Extreme temperatures                                                                                  Extreme heat can impact our people’s health (e.g. dehydration, heatstroke, etc.). In turn, it may decrease labor productivity both at our plants and construction sites, which could slow down production and delay transportation. Over time, extreme temperatures can weaken infrastructure and negatively impact the efficiency of our assets causing further operational disruptions and increased costs.  Holcim engages in adaptation solutions that we implemented in our businesses located in South Europe, US and Canada during the record-breaking temperatures in summer 2024. For example, we reorganized shifts to minimize heat stress, ensured sufficient water bottles reserves and provided employees with trainings and coping strategies for extreme heat. Although the risk of heatwaves is expected to increase in the future, Holcim has equipped its buildings and assets with cooling systems, which may reduce the risk.
 Combination of atmospheric water capacity, change in extreme temperatures, and increase in the number of dry days.                                                                                                       
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? ?                                                                                                                                                                                                      


CLIMATE AND NATURE PHYSICAL RISKS NATURE RISKS 

 Risk Description                                                                                      Potential impact                                                                                      Adaptation and resilience strategy
 Water security                                                                                        According to the ENCORE database, water security is a critical nature-related risk for the cement industry, as operations are highly dependent on sufficient water and freshwater supply and availability. Acute droughts can notably increase water scarcity, which may lead to business interruptions and financial losses. In addition, new regulations could lead to higher prices, restrictions or quotas on water which may limit production capacities and increase operational costs. Furthermore, the use of water in our operations in water-stress locations can strain relationships with local communities, potentially impacting Holcim's reputation.  Leveraging our annual risk assessment exercise, water security risk is regularly assessed at each manufacturing site using WRI Aqueduct and risk data from Swiss RE’s RDS platform. The data and platform helps us identify high-risk locations, prioritize risk mitigations actions and design data-driven solutions. Water management plans have been implemented for locations at above medium-high water risk. This enables the operations to anticipate and adapt their business strategy to reduce freshwater withdrawal, engage with key local stakeholders, prepare for potentially more stringent regulations and new market conditions. Committed to a nature-positive future, Holcim aims to achieve a 33% reduction in freshwater withdrawal while making 75% of sites in water-risk areas water-positive by 2030. To achieve these goals, we are investing in projects aiming at reducing our dependence on freshwater through stewardship actions.
 The indicator used is Water Availability and is based on the "Baseline Water Stress" of WRI that measures the ratio of water withdrawals to available renewable surface and groundwater at the catchment scale.                                                                                                       
 Key Risk Indicators                                                                                                                                                                                        
 ? ? =                                                                                                                                                                                                      


CLIMATE OPPORTUNITY ACCELERATING CIRCULARITY IN CONSTRUCTION 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 Alongside reducing our CO2 footprint, the circular economy represents an important lever to designing a business model that offers sustainable financial returns with reduced costs. In addition, preserving natural resources by reducing the extraction of new materials considerably decreases our dependence on mineral resources and preserves our long-term growth.  Holcim's commitment to circular economy is deeply embedded in our sustainability strategy, making circularity a driver of profitable growth. We leverage our robust analytical frameworks, including the Double Materiality Assessment and the Climate and Nature Risks and Opportunities Assessment, to identify circular economy impacts, risks and opportunities. This data-driven approach informs our action plan, which includes specific initiatives and investments to promote circularity across our operations and value chain.
                                                                                                       Circular construction to build new from old is made possible at scale through recycling construction demolition materials (CDM) into new building solutions. We are driving circular construction with solutions to reduce, reuse and recycle materials and continuously monitor our progress and report transparently to stakeholders. We are scaling up Holcim’s proprietary ECOCycle® technology platform to produce recycled construction aggregates and cement paste to be used to replace limestone in cement manufacturing, therefore helping to decarbonize.
                                                                                                       This commitment to circularity extends to our portfolio of roofing solutions. As an example, a standard Malarkey residential roof upcycles at least 3,000 plastic bags into new shingles. Duro-Last roofing solutions also recycle manufacturing waste and roofs at the end of their life through the Recycle Your Roof program. In addition, we are continuously tracking the amount of our products that contain recycled materials and ensure that the majority of products are bulk shipped with no packaging.


CLIMATE OPPORTUNITY ACCESS TO COMPETITIVE DECARBONIZED ENERGY 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 Shifting to decarbonized sources of energy is at the core of the Group’s transformation towards a resilient, circular and sustainable business.  We work continuously to increase the portion of decarbonized energy in our operations with reliable, competitive and decarbonized power. All opportunities are investigated and addressed in order to achieve cost competitiveness as well as sustainable performance.
 In the medium to long term, our operations decarbonize their energy usage while mitigating continuous pressure on prices and risks to energy security and supply. Access to competitive decarbonized energy will benefit our business encompassing resilience, self-sufficiency, stable energy prices and a contribution to our net-zero roadmap.  Our Group is applying a wide range of strategies which differ depending on the local context:
 In the longer term, it is likely that the consumption of electricity will increase with the deployment of new technology for carbon capture and the electrification of industrial processes (e.g. kiln electrification), which makes the development of low-carbon energy sourcing all the more strategic and beneficial for the Group.  • Increase consumption of decarbonized power from long-term power purchase agreements (PPA) produced by either on-site or off-site assets.
                                                                                                       • Bilateral clean power contracts directly with producers of decarbonized power to reduce dependency on market movements and have a more decarbonized footprint.
                                                                                                       • Investment in renewable power projects and waste heat recovery systems using available space in our plants and quarries.


CLIMATE OPPORTUNITY DECARBONIZING THE BUILT ENVIRONMENT 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 Climate change will create new challenges and opportunities for the construction sector. We will need more resilient infrastructures, rapid transformation into a circular economy due to scarcity of resources, and accelerated sustainable solutions such as energy efficiency for growing cities.  We are decarbonizing buildings across their lifecycle to build a net-zero future that works for people and the planet. To do so, our large range of building solutions help cities curb greenhouse gas emissions by enabling a lower carbon footprint, higher energy efficiency and reduced material use. Our Solutions & Products segment offers solutions that help decarbonize cities with a range of roofing, insulation and retrofitting solutions both for new builds and existing building stock. As an example, our insulation systems offer advanced energy-efficiency benefits enabling Passive House buildings, such as the Winthrop Center in Boston, U.S. This includes Holcim’s Elevate ISOGARDTM boards that provide thermal insulation, making buildings more energy-efficient and cost-effective in use.
 Addressing these challenges requires activating several levers, for which the construction and building material industry is a partner of choice. For Holcim, building represents a unique opportunity to contribute to the transition to a low-carbon and circular global economy, while accelerating the transition to highly energy-efficient cities.  Holcim is raising awareness among mayors and urban planners to evolve building norms and standards and specify smart and sustainable building solutions in public procurement. Our solution DYNAMax high-performance concrete is an example of how we seize those kinds of opportunities by deploying new building technologies to use minimum material for maximum strength. Usable space is optimized while superior rigidity enables the construction of longer-lasting buildings.
                                                                                                       Developers and end users are increasingly setting their own rigorous net-zero targets. Holcim supports them by raising awareness of the role that construction materials can play in decarbonizing buildings, and the need to specify sustainable solutions in procurement, as well as evolving building norms and standards.


CLIMATE OPPORTUNITY INCREASING DEMAND FOR LOW-CARBON, CLIMATE-RESILIENT PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 As the economy shifts to a decarbonized paradigm, endorsed by norms and regulations, and supported by a large number of stakeholders and customers, the market demand for low-carbon products will increase. Should Holcim’s decarbonization keep pace with the market, it will offer a unique opportunity to deliver profitable growth and the business case for further decarbonization.  We accelerate the decarbonization of our operations together with the development of a complete offer aimed at meeting customers’ product quality and decarbonization expectations. With the strength of global brands such as ECOPact and ECOPlanet, our Group is prepared to capitalize on the evolution of the market and increased demand for low-carbon products. As a global leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions, we engage with a wide range of stakeholders and partners to influence norms and regulations and contribute to decarbonize construction, fostering green demand and preparing our Group to capture over-proportional green growth. We closely monitor climate policies and incentives (such as the Buy Clean Initiative in the U.S.) and take advantage of our broad global customer base to target decarbonization first movers and those likely to move in the medium/long term.


NATURE RISK NATURE-RELATED POLICIES 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Any changes in government regulations, policies, or legal frameworks aimed at protecting biodiversity and natural resources which may potentially require Holcim to adjust its operations.  Regulatory bodies are increasingly strengthening policies that address nature issues. This will likely impact Holcim's operations, notably through greater raw material extraction and upstream transparency. This will also involve increased quarry rehabilitation and biodiversity management along with improved standards for water management. Compliance with these requirements will necessitate increased costs and investments in new technologies. If stricter regulations were to come into effect, Holcim could face potential operational disruptions stemming from higher mining fees, limited access and complex permitting processes required to access and extract raw materials and natural inputs. Any perceived deviation, such as the destruction of biodiversity or harm to protected species, or failure to adapt to evolving nature-related policies, could result in reputational and financial damages.  Holcim has a Water Directive along with a Quarry Rehabilitation and Biodiversity Directive, setting out the requirements to countries and sites to achieve our biodiversity and freshwater protection goals, particularly in areas that could be negatively impacted by our operations.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             We have notably identified potential negative impacts with regards to land degradation, and have rehabilitation plans in place that are mandatory when land is leased or bought by Holcim. To prioritize actions and develop tailored solutions to local challenges, we assess the biodiversity importance of each of our extraction sites and mitigate negative impacts. A Biodiversity Management Plan will be in place for all quarries that are considered to be located in areas of high biodiversity importance. Identification of the Biodiversity Importance Category of the quarry is performed according to the classification set out in the Holcim Biodiversity Management Plans and Karst Biodiversity Management. High biodiversity Importance areas are those classified with a Biodiversity Importance Category 1 and 2. Holcim also commits not to open new sites within protected areas declared under World Heritage, International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) I and III.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Furthermore, the compliance related to our water footprint is ensured by the implementation of Holcim’s Nature Policy, Water Directive and Water Management Standard.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             To ensure responsible sourcing, we identify suppliers from extractive materials in each market where we operate and engage them to implement a Responsible Mining Program, to protect biodiversity and improve water management. Furthermore, we use SBTN to prioritize 100% of our purchases and to identify their impact based on pressure for nature and land use.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Overall, Holcim prioritizes transparency and publicly discloses its environmental performance and progress against its nature targets annually.


NATURE RISK PRICE OF RAW MATERIALS AND NATURAL INPUTS 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Any fluctuations in raw materials and natural resources prices that directly impact Holcim’s operational costs and overall profitability. These additional costs can be driven by increasing demand, increasing scarcity, and/or restrictions along with mining fees from stringent nature-related regulations  Increased costs for freshwater and essential raw materials directly impact production costs, potentially leading to a need for supply chain optimization and adjustments in pricing strategies that could result in higher prices for Holcim's products. Moreover, nature-related policies restricting supply of natural inputs (freshwater) and raw materials (limestone, gypsum, sand, gravel) essential to our operations could lead to operational costs and business interruption. Overall, increased prices coupled with additional fees for extraction, create a complex scenario where Holcim must navigate rising costs, potential supply shortages, and the risk of reduced consumer demand due to higher product prices.  Holcim actively monitors raw material prices and market trends to anticipate potential risks. In locations where the supply of raw materials is at risk, we haves a dedicated program focused on securing the best possible prices and ensuring a reliable supply of raw materials. In line with our nature-positive strategy, Holcim aims at reducing its dependence on nature. We are committed to continuous innovation in our materials and production processes. Our researchers at the Holcim Innovation Center in Lyon France and at our Technology Center in Switzerland continuously work on solutions to develop sustainable solutions to drive circular construction, with solutions to reduce, recycle and reuse materials and natural inputs.


NATURE RISK NEW PRODUCTION PROCESSES AND TECHNOLOGIES FOR RESOURCE SAVING AND EFFICIENCY 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Holcim’s inability to be at the forefront of new production processes and technologies that might offer more sustainable or efficient ways to produce building materials could disrupt existing operations, create new competitive pressures and hinder our sustainability targets.  The market is demanding not only low-carbon but also nature-driven products and solutions. Failure to implement new production processes and technologies that would lower our impact on biodiversity and nature while increasing our operational efficiency could lead to a loss of market share and reputational damages. In the meantime, project management contingencies such as an inability to secure resources, inefficient technological knowledge and site limitations could delay our progress and lead to unexpected costs. Increasing pressure on freshwater availability and competition for valuable waste streams will only exacerbate these challenges, making investment in new production processes and technologies for resource saving and efficiency crucial to maintain our competitive edge and comply with new nature-related regulations.  Our researchers at the Holcim Innovation Center in Lyon, France and at our Technology Center in Switzerland are actively investing in research and development to explore and adopt new production processes and technologies - to preserve natural resources and biodiversity while improving operational efficiency. Our sites have already implemented production processes and technologies that reduce our dependence on virgin raw materials with, for example, the use of cement waste-derived materials, and natural resources with, for instance, investments in mature water management systems focused on optimizing consumption through improved rainwater capture, water recycling, and retention basins.


NATURE RISK REPUTATIONAL DAMAGE 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Potential negative perceptions from local communities, authorities, non-governmental organizations related to Holcim's dependencies on nature, as well as Holcim’s actual or perceived impact on nature and/or impacts of activities upstream and/or downstream in a value chain, leading to damage on Holcim's brand image.  Negative publicity stemming from a lack of transparency or stakeholder engagement during mining projects and their development could erode public trust, damage the company’s brand image, and ultimately impact its financial performance. This could also lead to reduced investor confidence, boycotts of Holcim products, community protests, and difficulty attracting and retaining talent.  Holcim conducts a continuous active engagement with relevant stakeholders from the planning phase of a mining project and throughout its development. This is fundamental to understand stakeholder needs and establish trust in developing the quarry rehabilitation, biodiversity management and water stewardship plans. This ongoing stakeholder engagement enables us to better understand stakeholder issues, address them and gain stakeholder trust. The Human Rights Directive is the reference document for planning and implementing stakeholder engagement activities. The key elements to make this viable are as follows: (1) Assess the level of stakeholder engagement that is required in order to develop and execute a Quarry Rehabilitation, Biodiversity Management and Water Stewardship Plan. (2) Relevant stakeholders must be identified according to local conditions and must be consulted in the planning process. (3) Not engaging with relevant local stakeholders is unacceptable. (4) Opportunities for developing strategic partnerships and engaging in a multi-stakeholder collaboration should be explored. (5) A communication plan must be put in place according to local needs and embedded in the overall communication strategy of the country.


NATURE RISK LIABILITY ARISING FROM LEGAL CLAIMS 

 Description                                                                                           Potential impact                                                                                      Our response
 Legal actions taken against Holcim arising from local communities, authorities and non-governmental organizations, due to non-compliance with environmental regulations related to our activities’ impacts and dependencies on nature and biodiversity, can lead to financial losses and reputational damage.  Legal claims represent a significant risk to our company, potentially affecting our commitment to responsible operations and our financial performance. Legal settlements and potential fines due to environmental damage or violations to nature-related policies can lead to financial losses. Moreover, ongoing legal proceedings and regulatory scrutiny can disrupt operations, resulting in project delays and increased operational costs. In addition, negative publicity stemming from legal claims can damage Holcim's brand reputation while undermining public trust, and adversely affect customer relationships.  We have already taken proactive steps to respond to evolving nature-related policies, as well as to protect and preserve biodiversity-sensitive areas that could be negatively affected by our activities. We are committed to transparency and accountability and openly communicate our environmental performance. Furthermore, we conduct proactive and active community engagement with relevant stakeholders and continuously address their potential concerns through the lifecycle of all our projects.


IDENTIFYING HOLCIM’S NATURE-RELATED IMPACTS AND DEPENDENCIES

In order to complement this bottom-up assessment, we leverage the latest technology for biodiversity and ecosystem mapping and anchor the nature risks and opportunities assessment as part of our climate and nature resilience and adaptation program, which also includes a detailed view of the nature-related impacts and dependencies of our operations.

Holcim’s nature-related impacts and dependencies are assessed using the tool Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and Exposure (ENCORE) and the SBTN Materiality screening tool to identify the impacts. Water use, land use including biodiversity, solid waste and greenhouse gas emissions have been identified as our most material nature-related impacts and dependencies.

Furthermore, the company uses the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT) to assess all extractive sites (within a five-kilometer buffer), identify priority locations with high biodiversity importance and help prioritize actions in these areas. All of the company’s extractive sites are required to assess their importance in relation to biodiversity through an internal evaluation methodology, the Biodiversity Importance Category (BIC).

The IUCN-partnered methodology, Biodiversity Indicator and Reporting System (BIRS), assesses site-level biodiversity impacts, determines how habitats and ecosystems are affected, evaluates mitigation and rehabilitation measures and guides measurement and reporting of management activities. The BIRS biodiversity baselines for all managed land were established in 2024 and Holcim will use the same method to confirm the company’s positive biodiversity impact by 2030.

Finally, Holcim validates all gathered information through stakeholder consultations, collecting quantitative inputs from almost 400 stakeholders, both internal and external, to define all material priorities (including environmental ones) for the company. It complements this quantitative analysis with stakeholder interviews to obtain a deeper qualitative understanding of their views.

Holcim’s confirmed nature-related impacts and dependencies are then considered in the overall Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process and integrated into the company strategy.

NATURE OPPORTUNITY OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY AND REDUCED DEPENDENCE ON NATURAL RESOURCES 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 Any action toward greater resource efficiency (processes requiring fewer natural resources, substitution of natural resources by recycled, regenerative, renewable and/or ethically responsibly sourced organic inputs) has multiple benefits. For example, by using less natural resources such as freshwater we can also reduce costs and/or improve operational efficiency. This may result in a reduction in operational costs and enhanced profitability, while protecting our reputation.  Holcim’s commitment to reduce its nature impact involves numerous initiatives related to resource efficiency. Using our ECOCycle® circular technology, we have implemented circular solutions that allow us to reduce our dependence on raw materials and build new from old, using recycled materials in solutions that incorporate recycled construction demolition materials. Moreover, Holcim aims to reduce freshwater withdrawals with measurable targets by 2030 in its most material business segments, i.e. cement, aggregates, and ready-mix.. Holcim also implements energy efficiency projects to reduce fuel consumption and emissions by promoting the use of alternative fuels and resources, including biomass, waste-derived fuels and recycled materials.


NATURE OPPORTUNITY GROWING DEMAND FOR BIODIVERSITY AND NATURE-DRIVEN PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 Changing market dynamics include changes in consumer preferences. Any current and anticipated opportunities arising from, for example, consumers asking for more sustainable products with benefits in addition to low CO2, such as cement with a lesser impact on biodiversity (quarry management), concrete using less freshwater, aggregates positively impacting biodiversity, have the potential to increase our market share in such product ranges. Hence we would benefit from a premium and create added value for the customer and the society.  Holcim is actively expanding its portfolio to meet the growing demand for products and solutions with less impact on biodiversity and nature through circularity initiatives that reduce our use of primary raw materials and natural resources. Holcim is also committed to rehabilitating its quarries to restore biodiversity and create valuable green spaces.


NATURE OPPORTUNITY REPUTATIONAL CAPITAL 

 Description                                                                                           Our response
 Activities that support the protection, regeneration or restoration of habitats and ecosystems, including areas both within and outside the organization’s direct control, drive positive changes in perception around Holcim’s nature impacts. Protection, regeneration or restoration of areas with high biodiversity value could increase revenue due to improved reputation as well as increase market valuation through resilience planning. Changes in Holcim’s brand value due to the reputational impact of nature-related issues could positively affect our relationships with communities, regulatory bodies and employees/potential employees.  Holcim publishes a detailed Climate Report and provides transparent information on our nature-related impacts and progress toward our nature-positive goals. This includes detailed information on our biodiversity conservation, water management and land restoration efforts. Holcim’s development of products and solutions based on processes aimed at resource savings and efficiency demonstrates our commitment to creating positive impact and contributing to a more sustainable built environment.


SCENARIO ANALYSIS

Holcim has developed two distinct and plausible climate change scenarios, including one aligned with the Paris Agreement, to test the resilience of the organization’s strategy in light of different climate change futures.

In line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, Holcim has continued to develop distinct and plausible climate change scenarios to test the resilience of the organization’s strategy in light of different climate change futures. Two scenarios were considered to present Holcim’s assessment of climate-related transitional and physical risks. A “Paris Agreement-aligned” scenario (aligned with 1.5°C) and an “Ineffective Collective Action Against Climate Change” scenario (aligned with 3-5°C).

The Paris Agreement-aligned scenario is favorable for Holcim, its shareholders and the global community. New market conditions will support growing demand for low-carbon products and solutions, increasing our market share in low-carbon cement and concrete as well as solutions to reduce the emissions of the built environment. Holcim’s sustainability leadership brings strategic resilience to the Group, and Holcim is well positioned to build on its net-zero journey and help create a net-zero future that works for people and the planet.

A slower pace of transformation will lead to an “Ineffective Collective Action Against Climate Change” scenario, as the construction value chain continues to be fragmented and stimuli are not yet in place to decarbonize at the pace and scale required. While this is not Holcim’s strategic direction, the Group will adapt to cover the market needs while continuing to drive circular and low-carbon construction and invest in less carbon-intensive production technologies.

In all cases, Holcim is well positioned for the future, with its leadership in ready-mix concrete and the expansion of its Solutions & Products segment. Concrete is versatile, affordable, insulating and infinitely recyclable. In addition, it is resilient, durable, fire and earthquake resistant, protecting our cities and infrastructure from natural disasters. For all these reasons, concrete is a must for climate change adaptation and there is currently no viable substitute at scale.

At the same time, Solutions & Products’ technologies and innovations deliver sustainable and energy-efficient solutions for the built environment. These will be crucial in the coming decades, regardless of the climate change scenario.

This chapter aims to summarize the outcome of Holcim’s climate-related scenario analysis. Holcim will continue to develop its climate scenarios analysis to understand emerging opportunities and mitigate potential risks associated with climate change.

Holcim considers the impact of each climate change scenario on our ambition to become a net-zero company by 2050 as well as a leader in sustainable and innovative construction materials and solutions, delivering profitable growth in a low-carbon economy. Depending on the particular risk or opportunity, our analysis is based on both quantitative and qualitative assessments. These scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes for Holcim. The scenario analysis exercise relies on assumptions that may or may not materialize, and scenarios may be impacted by additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.

PARIS AGREEMENT-ALIGNED SCENARIO

In the Paris Agreement-aligned scenario, governments and industries are aligned to make carbon neutrality possible. The cement industry is making significant efforts toward net-zero development and innovation, while climate change mitigation and adaptation are growing in importance. Carbon capture, utilization and storage technologies are developing at a pace consistent with the industry’s transition to net zero. Demand for low-carbon and material-efficient solutions, solutions that reduce the emissions of the built environment, and those that mitigate the impacts of climate change, is accelerating. Physical impacts of climate change are manageable without significant business or societal disruption. Holcim’s sustainability leadership brings strategic resilience to the company. Holcim is well positioned to advance on its net-zero journey and build a net-zero future that works for people and the planet.

INEFFECTIVE COLLECTIVE ACTION AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE SCENARIO

Ineffective collective action against climate change creates a misalignment between our efforts to reach net-zero emissions and the applicable regulations, resulting in a competitive disadvantage that a zero-carbon strategy imposes on our company in relation to other companies and sectors. Limited benefits would be drawn from the development of low-carbon and material and energy-efficient solutions. Physical impacts of climate change are severe, including water stress and extreme weather events. Holcim develops a strong response strategy to protect its assets and adapt to new market demand characteristics. 

                                                        PARIS AGREEMENT-ALIGNED SCENARIO                                                                      INEFFECTIVE COLLECTIVE ACTION AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE
 Temperature range by 2100                              1.5°C                                                                                                 3°C - 5°C
 Reference scenarios                                    IEA net-zero Emissions Scenario (NZE) Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2024                           IEA Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS)
                                                                                                                                                              Source: IEA World Energy Outlook 2024
                                                                                                                                                              IEA Reference Technology Scenario (RTS)
                                                                                                                                                              Source: IEA Technology Roadmap - Low-Carbon Transition in the Cement Industry (2019)
 Carbon Emissions Pathway, IPCC 6th Assessment Report   Carbon Emissions Pathway: SSP1-2.6                                                                    Carbon Emissions Pathway: SSP5-8.5
 Used for physical risk assessment                                                                                                                           
 Cement demand                                          Trend following NZE: Growth in emerging markets until 2030. From 2030-2050 demand decreases due to smart design  Trend following RTS until 2030: Growth in emerging markets until 2030. Marginal growth after 2030
 CO2 price (USD/T CO2)                                  NZE:                                                                                                  STEPS:
                                                        Advanced economies with net zero pledges: 2030: 140, 2050: 250                                        EU: 2030: 140; 2050: 158
                                                        Selected emerging markets with net zero pledges: 2030: 90, 2050: 200                                  Canada: 2030: 126; 2050: 126
                                                        Selected emerging markets: 2030: 25, 2050: 180                                                        Other selected markets: 2030: 21-56, 2050: 28-89
                                                        Other emerging markets: 2030: 15, 2050: 55                                                           


SCENARIO ANALYSIS

SCENARIO IMPACTS 

                                                                                                          Risk to be continuously monitored by Holcim and risk governance adjusted accordingly to limit negative business impact.  Opportunity improving the conditions for delivery of our strategy and with a positive business impact.
                                                                                                          PARIS AGREEMENT-ALIGNED SCENARIO                                                                      INEFFECTIVE COLLECTIVE ACTION
                                                                                                          RISKS                                                                                                 OPPORTUNITIES   RISKS   OPPORTUNITIES
 1. POLICY AND LEGAL                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 1.1 CO2 prices and other climate policies                                                         2030   []                                                                                                    []              []     
                                                                                                   2050                                                                                                         [] []           [] []  
 2. MARKET                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 2.1 Access to mineral components                                                                  2030                                                                                                                                 []
                                                                                                   2050   [] []                                                                                                                 []     
 2.2 Cost of fossil fuels/energy                                                                   2030   [] []                                                                                                                 []     
                                                                                                   2050   []                                                                                                                    [] []  
 2.3 Circular construction (recycling materials, smart design and driving repair and renovation)   2030                                                                                                         [] []                   []
                                                                                                   2050                                                                                                         [] [] []                [] []
 2.4 Demand for low-carbon building materials                                                      2030                                                                                                         [] []                   []
                                                                                                   2050                                                                                                         [] [] []                [][]
 3. TECHNOLOGY                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 3.1 Decarbonization of supply chain (energy and transportation)                                   2030                                                                                                         [] []           []      []
                                                                                                   2050   []                                                                                                    []              [] []  
 3.2 Deployment of breakthrough technologies on a large scale                                      2030                                                                                                         []              []     
                                                                                                   2050                                                                                                         [] [] []        [] []  
 4. REPUTATION                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 4.1 Impact on Group’s stakeholders                                                                2030   []                                                                                                    []              []     
                                                                                                   2050                                                                                                         [] []           [] []  
 5. PHYSICAL                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 5.1 Chronic - higher average temperatures and sea level rise                                      2030   []                                                                                                                    []     
                                                                                                   2050   []                                                                                                                    [] []   []
 5.2 Acute - extreme events (flooding and heat)                                                    2030   []                                                                                                                    []     
                                                                                                   2050   []                                                                                                                    [] []  


                       PARIS AGREEMENT-ALIGNED SCENARIO                                                                      INEFFECTIVE COLLECTIVE ACTION AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE SCENARIO
 1. POLICY AND LEGAL   Consistent with our net-zero strategy, reliable and stable carbon prices in all regions facilitates long-term investment decisions in low-carbon technologies and encourages significant changes across the building material and construction value chain. It will also support the collective effort to create a CO2 transportation and storage network at large scale, in line with the needs of other industries.  A The limited number of CO2 pricing schemes hampers deployment of breakthrough technologies at the pace needed, making it more challenging for Holcim to deliver on its net-zero target. Also, with fragmented decarbonization efforts in the construction value chain, it is more difficult to benefit from the competitive advantage offered by a low-carbon footprint.
 2. MARKET             While decarbonization of the construction value chain progresses, focus is on reducing operational emissions in the built environment, and circular construction is progressively endorsed by norms and regulations globally. This results in higher demand for low-carbon and circular building materials, and for our Solutions & Products segment. Simultaneously, as the steel and energy industries decarbonize, the availability of supplementary materials such as fly ash or slag decreases. Holcim mitigates this risk by securing sources of limestone, construction demolition materials or byproducts from other industries, but also by investing in calcined clay facilities and developing novel cements with new binders. With the progressive transition to decarbonized energy sources, Holcim’s dependency on fossil fuel decreases.  As there are few regulatory incentives to use low-carbon products and to recycle, there is a limited increase in sales of our low-carbon cement and concrete. Demand for our circular materials and our products and solutions will be driven by urbanization, the need to protect natural resources and increased fossil fuel prices. By 2030, while the average clinker factor reduces moderately, the availability and cost of mineral components will remain virtually unchanged compared with today’s levels. By 2050, the price of these materials modestly increases as some decarbonization of industries is underway, leading to a limited negative impact. However, with the slower transition to decarbonized energy sources, demand for fossil fuels remains strong.
 3. TECHNOLOGY         Holcim will benefit from the overall decarbonization efforts in society thanks to: (1) Earlier readiness and affordability of breakthrough technologies, such as kiln electrification, hydrogen and - most importantly - CCUS. (2) Efforts in our own value chain/with suppliers, which will reduce our Scope 3 emissions. Additionally, we expect the production of supplementary cementitious material such as calcined clay to mature.  Holcim will need to make significant additional efforts to reach its Scope 1 targets, as governments are slow to implement the necessary policies to scale up breakthrough technologies, such as kiln electrification, hydrogen and CCUS and the associated networks and infrastructure. Scope 3 targets are challenged, as suppliers do not decarbonize at the necessary pace.
 4. REPUTATION         In the short term, Holcim’s cement production segment remains in the spotlight as a CO2-intensive business, bringing reputational risks. However, as the net-zero roadmap is delivered and Holcim is seen as a keen contributor to climate change mitigation, its reputation, trust and credibility grow and the strategy is aligned with stakeholders’ expectations.  The slow pace of the required regulatory incentives will pose additional challenges for Holcim’s decarbonization journey, progressively increasing associated reputational risks.
 5. PHYSICAL           Extreme precipitation and flooding impacting sites and supply chains in affected areas will require further protective measures and mitigation plans. Today, 26% of our sites are located in areas with medium to extremely high water stress, which explains why appropriate governance and management in water consumption, recycling and treatment are already required.  Extreme weather events such as torrential precipitation, flooding, drought and excessive heat days will increase significantly in frequency and intensity. In the long term, these may be considerably more intense, and mean that protection measures at existing locations are insufficient. This could have severe financial impacts on sites and supply chains and could potentially jeopardize the economic viability of some of our operations. Further risks, such as wildfire and windstorms, will increase and become significant threats. An opportunity is presented by the development of our Solutions & Products business segment, which offers integrated solutions and systems specifically designed to tackle climate change challenges -by increasing energy efficiency, providing cooling effects, extending the longevity of building materials and enhancing options to generate renewable energy.


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS

GROUP PERFORMANCE

This management discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the shareholders’ letter and the individual reports for the Group operating segments.

GROUP PERFORMANCE 

                                                                          2024       2023       ±%         ±%                         ±%
                                                                                                           Growth in local currency   organic growth
 Net sales                                                  Million CHF   26,407     27,009     -2.2%      +1.3%                      +0.2%
 Recurring operating costs                                  Million CHF   (19,994)   (20,935)   -4.5%                                
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                              Million CHF   6,677      6,378      +4.7%      +9.1%                      +8.4%
 Recurring EBIT                                             Million CHF   5,049      4,760      +6.1%      +10.8%                     +10.5%
 Recurring EBIT margin                                      %             19.1       17.6       +150 bps                             
 Operating profit (EBIT)                                    Million CHF   4,642      4,577      +1.4%                                
 Net income Group share                                     Million CHF   2,926      3,060      -4.4%                                
 Net income before impairment and divestments Group share   Million CHF   3,185      3,089      +3.1%                                
 Earnings per share before impairment and divestments       CHF           5.70       5.42       +5.3%                                
 Cash flow from operating activities                        Million CHF   5,667      5,470      +3.6%                                
 CapEx                                                      Million CHF   1,477      1,408      +4.9%                                
 Free Cash Flow after leases                                Million CHF   3,801      3,705      +2.6%                                
 Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)                          %             11.2       10.6       +60bps                               
 Net financial debt                                         Million CHF   8,448      7,896      +7.0%                                
 Debt leverage                                              times         1.2        1.2                                             


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 26,407M                                     5,049M                  19.1%
 Net sales CHF                               Recurring EBIT CHF      Recurring EBIT margin
 +0.2% organic growth                        +10.5% organic growth   2023: 17.6%
 2023: CHF 27,009M                           2023: CHF 4,760M       
 5.70                                        3,801M                  11.2%
 EPS before impairment and divestments CHF   Free Cash Flow CHF      ROIC
 +5.3% EPS growth                            57% cash conversion     2023: 10.6%
 2023: CHF 5.42                              2023: CHF 3,705M       


Year of highlights

Shifting from volume to value and supported by acquisitions, net sales for the full year 2024 stood at CHF 26,407 million in challenging market conditions. Net sales in local currency grew by 1.3% with growth in the most attractive markets and positive price developments in cement, aggregates and ready-mix. The appreciation of the Swiss franc against several currencies affected net sales negatively by 3.5%, a more moderate impact than in the previous year (6.8%).

Recurring EBIT reached a new record of CHF 5,049 million for the full year 2024 and grew by 6.1% in Swiss franc compared with the full year 2023. The Recurring EBIT margin continued to expand and reached 19.1%, 150 basis points higher than in 2023. The Group’s strong performance is the result of increased contributions from all segments, including Solutions & Products. Recurring EBIT growth of 10.8% in local currency was negatively impacted by the appreciation of the Swiss franc against several currencies by 4.8%.

Earnings per share before impairment and divestments reached a new record level of CHF 5.70 for the full year 2024, compared with CHF 5.42 in 2023. Since 2018, Holcim has delivered outstanding growth in earnings for shareholders with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13.8%.

Holcim delivered Free Cash Flow of CHF 3,801 million, a new record for the Group, with a cash conversion of 57%. In 2024, Holcim’s ratio of Net financial debt to Recurring EBITDA was 1.2. The Net financial debt amounted to CHF 8,448 million at the end of 2024.

Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) was 11.2% in 2024, significantly higher than Holcim’s Strategy 2025 target and up by 60 basis points compared with 2023. These indicators reflect Holcim’s resilient performance culture, financial strength and strong balance sheet.

Decarbonization is driving profitable growth

In 2024, Holcim made significant progress in expanding its sustainable building solutions. ECOPlanet sales in the Group’s cement portfolio increased from 19% in 2023 to 26% of cement net sales, and ECOPact sales increased from 19% in 2023 to 29% of ready-mix net sales.

By establishing decarbonization as one of the key drivers of future profitable growth, Holcim is making notable progress by consistently improving its thermal substitution ratio, reducing the clinker factor of cement and innovating in alternative raw materials.

Continuing to make progress by investing in carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) projects, in October 2024, the EU Innovation Fund (EUIF) selected the CCUS CarboClearTech project in Martres-Tolosane, France for a grant. In Spring, Europe also celebrated the groundbreaking ceremonies for two flagship CCUS projects: Carbon2Business in Lägerdorf, Germany, and GO4ZERO in Obourg, Belgium. As of the end of 2024, seven full-scale CCUS projects across Europe have been selected for grants by the EUIF. These include projects in Belgium, Croatia, France, Greece, Germany and Poland.

Value-accretive M&A

Holcim continued to sharpen its footprint to focus on the most attractive markets and business segments, to ensure we remain at the cutting-edge of the industry, with 22 value-accretive acquisitions and five divestments in 2024.

Holcim strengthened its Solutions & Products segment with four acquisitions in Europe, Latin America, and North America. These include ZinCo (green roofing systems), Tensolite (precast and prestressed concrete construction systems) and OX Engineered Products (insulation systems).

In 2024, Holcim acquired four businesses specialized in recycling construction demolition materials (CDM), including Mendiger Basalt in Germany, Land Recovery in the UK, Cand-Landi in Switzerland and Mark Desmedt in Belgium.

To strengthen its footprint in Latin America, the Group expanded in Guatemala and entered the Peruvian market by acquiring Comacsa and Mixercon. In Asia Pacific, Holcim’s joint venture Cement Australia signed an agreement to acquire a division of the Buckeridge Group of Companies (BCG), expanding its presence in Western Australia. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals.

Pursuing its ongoing portfolio optimization in 2024, Holcim closed the divestments of its activities in Uganda, Tanzania, South Africa, Russia and Kenya. Holcim also signed an agreement with Huaxin Cement to sell its Nigerian business. The transaction is subject to customary and regulatory approvals.

On 28 January 2024, Holcim announced its intent to list its North American business in the U.S. with a full capital market separation. Holcim is progressing on the planned full capital market separation of its North American business, planned by way of a 100% spin-off to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The spin-off is planned as a domestic issuer under SEC rules, reporting in US GAAP and seeking inclusion in relevant US equity indices. An additional listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange is planned to accommodate European investors. The planned spin-off is subject to shareholder approval at the Holcim Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2025, and is expected to occur by the end of the first half 2025. Completion of the planned spin-off is subject to customary approvals.

Health & Safety

Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) are core values at Holcim. In 2024, our Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) fell to 0.39, with 98% of our sites and 42% of countries reporting zero lost-time injuries (LTIs).

Sadly, during 2024, two employees lost their lives in work-related incidents. Holcim is committed to ensuring a safe, healthy workplace and will not rest until it reaches zero.

In 2024, Holcim made progress toward zero environmental impact by completing over 150 projects globally: diverting 63,000 tons of waste from landfill, recycling 1.8 million m3 of water, and reducing Scope 2 CO2 emissions by 45,000 tons. Real-time monitoring systems and focus projects enhanced emissions governance, cutting absolute dust (-42%), SO2 (-1.6%), and NOx (-5.6%) emissions.

Sustainability at the core of Holcim’s strategy

Holcim’s strong sustainability focus is embedded within all operations and is oriented around four key pillars: climate and energy, nature, people and circular economy.

In keeping with its purpose of building progress for people and the planet, Holcim was the first global building materials and solutions company to have its 2030 and 2050 net-zero targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for all scopes.

In 2024, Holcim made strong progress toward its targets, which are in line with the 1.5°C framework. The Group reduced its clinker factor, used more alternative fuels and raw materials and increased its use of renewable energy. We also continued investing in breakthrough technologies such as carbon capture utilization and storage (CCUS). As of the end of 2024, Holcim secured seven investments from the European Union (EU) Innovation Fund for its breakthrough CCUS projects.

Holcim is committed to creating a high-performance culture of empowerment, lifelong learning and development. A diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can develop the skills they need to thrive. With 65,000 employees worldwide, Holcim is committed to fully realizing their potential and making a positive difference to the world.

Circular construction is a driver of profitable growth. We are committed to building new from old, reducing our use of primary materials and minimizing waste. This year, Holcim reached its target of recycling at least 10.2 million tons of construction demolition materials (CDM) a year ahead of schedule. The Group now operates over 150 recycling centers worldwide in or near major metropolitan areas in which Holcim operates.

Holcim is committed to replenishing freshwater and increasing biodiversity based on transformative rehabilitation plans. These goals were set out in our nature strategy and are supported by the Nature Policy. In 2024, Holcim was named by the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) as one of the first three companies globally to adopt science-based targets for nature.

Sustainable finance framework

Recognizing the role of sustainable finance in supporting the transition to a low-carbon and more resource-efficient economy, Holcim put in place its Sustainable Finance Framework allowing for the issuance of green finance instruments as well as sustainability-linked instruments.

The framework is aligned with best practices as confirmed by ISS ESG, which issued the second-party opinion:

EU Taxonomy

Green Bond Principles and the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA)

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

The framework will further support transparency and accountability with regard to the Group’s environmental impacts and sustainability strategy in respect of investors, banks and other stakeholders in the market and society. Combining green and sustainability-linked features in a single document enables Holcim to demonstrate its environmental performance ambitions through quantifiable metrics, while also highlighting the key projects underpinning the continuous improvement of those metrics.

Holcim intends to pursue its journey with sustainable finance instruments in the capital, money and loan markets, putting core sustainability projects linked to climate, renewable energy, circular economy, clean transport and biodiversity at the heart of its financing strategy. To make a bigger impact, the company committed to increasing the share of sustainable financing to more than 40% by the end of 2025. This ratio was already achieved in 2023 and was maintained in 2024.

FINANCING HIGHLIGHTS

FREE CASH FLOW AND CASH CONVERSION 

 CHF M        
 2024    57%   3,801
 2023    58%   3,705
 20221   54%   3,544
 2021    50%   3,264
 2020    58%   3,249


1 Before resolution with U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ).

LEVERAGE RATIO × NET FINANCIAL DEBT 

 CHF M         
 2024    1.2×   8,448
 2023    1.2x   7,896
 2022    0.9×   6,032
 2021    1.4×   9,977
 2020    1.4×   8,483


CAPITAL MARKET FINANCING AS OF 31 DECEMBER 20241 

 CHF 10,941M  
 EUR Bonds     46%
 USD Bonds     33%
 CHF Bonds     12%
 GBP Bonds     4%
 Others2       5%


1 After swap.

2 USD and EUR private placements.

SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 

 CO2 REDUCTION                     CIRCULAR CONSTRUCTION                             CCUS PROJECTS
 4%                                +20%                                              7
 Reduction in CO2 per net sales1   Recycling of Construction Demolition Materials2   CCUS projects in execution with EU funding


1 2024 Scope 1 + Scope 2 CO2 emissions per million of net sales compared to 2023.

2 Compared to 2023.

Financing profile

Holcim has a strong financing profile with 79% of financial liabilities financed through various capital markets and 21% through banks and other lenders. There are no major positions with individual lenders. The average maturity of financial liabilities was 6.0 years as of 31 December 2024. The Group’s maturity profile is well balanced with a large share of mid- to long-term financing.

Maintaining a favorable credit rating is one of the Group’s objectives and hence Holcim gives priority to achieving its financial targets while retaining a solid investment-grade rating (current rating information is provided on page 129). As of 31 December 2024, the average nominal interest rate on financial liabilities remained stable at 3.2%, unchanged from the previous year.

Note 14 contains detailed information on financial liabilities.

Liquidity

To secure liquidity, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of CHF 5,347 million on 31 December 2024. This cash is mainly invested in term deposits held with a large number of banks on a broadly diversified basis and in short-term money market funds. The counterparty risk is continuously monitored on the basis of clearly defined principles as part of the risk management process. As of 31 December 2024, Holcim had unused committed credit lines of CHF 4,883 million.

Current financial liabilities as of 31 December 2024 of CHF 1,842 million are comfortably covered by existing cash, cash equivalents and unused committed credit lines.

DEBT MATURITY PROFILE 

 CHF M                                                                                 
 2025                                                                                   1,499
 2026                                                                                   1,399
 2027                                                                                   1,353
 2028                                                                                   1,079
 2029                                                                                   861
 2030                                                                                   1,401
 2031                                                                                   1,264
 2032                                                                                   492
 2033                                                                                   789
 2034                                                                                   301
 2035                                                                                   0
 2036                                                                                   762
 2037                                                                                   3
 2038                                                                                   0
 >2038                                                                                  962
 BONDS AND PRIVATE PLACEMENTS                                                          
 LOANS FROM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (EXCLUDING LEASES)  


Foreign exchange sensitivity

The Group has a global footprint, generating the majority of its results in currencies other than the Swiss franc. Only about 2.4% of net sales are generated in Swiss francs.

Foreign currency volatility has little effect on the Group’s operating profitability. As the Group produces a very high proportion of its products locally, most sales and costs are incurred in the respective local currencies. The effects of foreign exchange movements are therefore largely restricted to the translation of local financial statements for the consolidated statement of income. As a large part of the foreign capital is financed with matching transactions in local currency, the effects of foreign currency translation on local balance sheets for the consolidated statement of financial position have not, in general, resulted in significant distortions in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The following sensitivity analysis presents the effect of the main currencies on selected key figures of the consolidated financial statements. The sensitivity analysis only factors in effects that result from the conversion of local financial statements into Swiss francs (translation effect). Currency effects from transactions conducted locally in foreign currencies are not included in the analysis.

The following table shows the effects of a hypothetical 5% depreciation of the respective foreign currencies against the Swiss franc.

Sensitivity analysis 

 Million CHF                                                                       2024     USD     EUR     CAD
 Assuming a 5% strengthening of the Swiss franc, the impact would be as follows:                           
 Net sales                                                                         26,407   (431)   (235)   (125)
 Recurring EBIT                                                                    5,049    (97)    (28)    (24)
 Cash flow from operating activities                                               5,667    (88)    (50)    (23)
 Net financial debt                                                                8,448    (134)   (283)   26


 Million CHF                                                                       GBP    Latin American basket (MXN, ARS, COP)   Asian basket (AUD, CNY, PHP, BDT)   Middle East African basket (NGN, DZD, EGP, IQD)
 Assuming a 5% strengthening of the Swiss franc, the impact would be as follows:                                                                                     
 Net sales                                                                         (86)   (114)                                   (100)                               (60)
 Recurring EBIT                                                                    (7)    (39)                                    (20)                                (19)
 Cash flow from operating activities                                               (7)    (23)                                    (19)                                (23)
 Net financial debt                                                                (27)   5                                       16                                  15


EU TAXONOMY

Background

The Taxonomy Regulation (EU) 2020/852 is a cornerstone of the European Green Deal’s sustainable finance strategy. It introduces a classification framework to identify economic activities deemed environmentally sustainable, with the objective of channeling capital flows toward activities and technologies that support the green transition.

The EU Taxonomy defines the conditions and criteria for assessing the environmental sustainability of economic activities.

An activity is classified as “eligible” if it is defined in the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts issued by the European Commission.

For an eligible activity to be deemed environmentally sustainable (i.e., “eligible and aligned”), it must meet the following criteria:

Substantial Contribution: The activity must contribute significantly to at least one of the six environmental objectives:

Do No Significant Harm (DNSH): The activity must not adversely impact any of the other environmental objectives.

Minimum Safeguards: The activity must comply with fundamental social and governance safeguards.

SIX ENVIRONMENTAL OBJECTIVES 

 1                        2
 Climate change           Climate change
 mitigation (CCM)         adaptation (CCA)
 3                        4
 Sustainable use          Transition to a
 and protection of        circular economy (CE)
 water and               
 marine resources (WTR)  
 5                        6
 Pollution prevention     Protection and
 and control (PPC)        restoration
                          of biodiversity and
                          ecosystems (BIO)


In 2023, Holcim established a sustainable finance framework to facilitate the issuance of green financial instruments. These instruments aim to finance activities already aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation or to support the transformation of cement activities to meet alignment criteria. As of the end of 2024, Holcim has not issued any green financial instruments. For further details, refer to Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (page 318).

Holcim Ltd, as a Swiss-based company, is not currently required to report under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Recognizing the EU Taxonomy’s pivotal role in advancing green financing across Europe, the Group has proactively opted to voluntarily disclose the framework. Starting with its 2023 reporting, Holcim focused on cement and insulation products. In 2024, the company expanded its commitment by implementing standardized templates and tools across the Group, broadening the EU Taxonomy assessment to include eligible activities under all six environmental objectives.

Holcim views the EU Taxonomy as an essential tool to advance its sustainability strategy, aligning with its goals in respect of decarbonization, circular economy initiatives, and sustainable product development. The activity-based criteria set by the EU Taxonomy provide a framework that integrates the construction industry’s entire value chain, an area where Holcim is actively engaged and making a significant impact.

Assessment of eligibility

EU Taxonomy-eligible activities correspond to those listed and described in the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts. Holcim has identified the following eligible activities:

Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings (CCM 3.5): The eligible activity mainly pertains to Holcim Elevate insulation boards manufactured in Europe and the U.S., the spray foam manufactured and commercialized solely in the U.S. market, as well as other insulation products such as Airium from France, Algeria and Belgium, External Thermal Insulation Composite System (ETICS) from France and Belgium, and green roofing systems from ZinCo in Europe.

Manufacture of cement (CCM 3.7): This activity pertains to Holcim’s cement operations, encompassing Geocycle operations, which foster the use of alternative fuels and alternative raw materials in cement production as well as activities related to the processing of mineral components, which supply raw materials for the cement manufacturing process. Ready-mix and concrete products, as activities downstream of cement, are not considered eligible under the current Delegated Acts or the specifications outlined in the European Commission’s Technical Expert Group (TEG) report published in 2020.

Material recovery from non-hazardous waste (CCM5.9): The EU Taxonomy defines this activity as “Construction and operation of facilities for the sorting and processing of separately collected non-hazardous waste streams into secondary raw materials involving mechanical reprocessing, except for backfilling purposes.” At Holcim, this primarily encompasses operations processing construction and demolition waste, which supply secondary raw materials for cement, aggregates, and ready-mix production. It also includes certain Geocycle preprocessing platforms when managing non-hazardous waste. The same operations are also assessed and reported under the Circular Economy objective with reference to the activity “Sorting and material recovery of non-hazardous waste (CE2.7)”.

Freight transport services by road (CCM6.6): Holcim employs road vehicles for the transportation of its raw materials and products. While the majority of freight services are provided by third parties, a portion involves Holcim’s ownership or leasing of vehicles.

To avoid double counting, when an activity qualifies under multiple environmental objectives, the KPIs associated with Climate Change Mitigation (CCM) are reported in the primary disclosure table. KPIs related to other environmental objectives are presented separately in the annex tables (pages 250, 252 and 254).

Activities with all of their eligible KPIs (turnover, CapEx, and OpEx) below 0.5% are deemed non-material and, as such, are not disclosed.

Non-eligible activities

Economic activities that are not recognized by the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts as making a substantial contribution to one of the EU’s climate and environmental objectives are not necessarily harmful or unsustainable.

As the EU Taxonomy Regulation continues to evolve, additional activities may be considered for inclusion in the future. Nonetheless, Holcim’s sustainability strategy spans all business areas, driving low-carbon solutions, energy efficiency and circular practices that extend beyond the current scope of the EU Taxonomy. Specifically, activities involved in the manufacture of aggregates, ready-mix, and asphalt are currently not classified as eligible.

EU TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES

TURNOVER1 

                                                                                       CHF M    Percent
 Manufacture of cement                                                                 10,842   41.1%
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings, other eligible activities   854      3.2%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                            26       0.1%
 Non-eligible activities                                                               14,685   55.6%
 Total                                                                                 26,407   100%


1 Turnover corresponds to net sales to external customers.

Assessment of alignment

To ensure an appropriate interpretation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its technical screening criteria, Holcim has established working groups comprising internal and external industry and environmental experts. A prudent approach to the assessment of Taxonomy alignment has been adopted.

Climate change adaptation: To meet EU Taxonomy requirements on DNSH criteria on climate change adaptation, the Group has implemented a climate resilience and adaptation program to identify and mitigate the risks and impacts of the current and future physical climate risks on economic activities, or on people, nature and assets, alongside a timescale up to 2050. The assessment is based on the 2050 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) RCP 8.5 pathway projection. This risk and vulnerability assessment has been completed for eligible activities, including currently active operations and future assets (CapEx projects), by site location. Appropriate adaptation action plans have been defined with implementation expected within five years to reduce the material physical climate risks. It is essential to ensure alignment with local, regional and community adaptation plans. The Group encourages the adoption of sustainable adaptation solutions, such as nature-based, green or blue infrastructure. Holcim uses a centralized reporting system that enables all countries to report, update and continuously monitor their adaptation action plans.

Pollution prevention and control: The EU Taxonomy DNSH criteria requires that the activity does not lead to the manufacture, placing on the market or use of the substances of concern defined in a list of EU Directives and Regulations, subject to certain exceptions. Screening of the substances used in the manufacturing process is performed to ensure application of the EU Directives and Regulations required in the EU Taxonomy Regulation.

Protection of water and marine resources: Holcim evaluates the Taxonomy criteria relating to water on the basis of the Holcim Nature Policy, Water Directive and Water Management Standard. Alignment with the DNSH criteria is assessed based on the following conditions: a) A water risk assessment is conducted in accordance with the Group Water Directive based on the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct tool. b) For sites located in areas with medium, high or very high water risk, a water management program has been implemented. c) All water discharged is fully compliant with local regulations and Holcim’s water quality standards. The compliance of discharged water is additionally validated through quarterly verifications, critical controls and audits conducted by the Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) function.

Protection and restoration of biodiversity and Ecosystems: Alignment with DNSH criteria is assessed based on the following conditions: the biodiversity level of each manufacturing site is assessed using the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) methodology and a Biodiversity Importance Category (BIC) is determined. Sites located in or near globally or nationally recognized sensitive and protected areas are classified as BIC 1 or BIC 2 and have implemented a Biodiversity Management Plan, which includes mitigation and compensation measures.

Minimum safeguards: Holcim ensures compliance with minimum safeguards on human rights, anti-corruption, fair competition, and taxation through due diligence processes in place. Holcim’s commitment to respecting and promoting human and labor rights is aligned with the principles and values contained in the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, as well as with the internationally recognized rights contained in the International Bill of Human Rights. For further information on Holcim’s human rights due diligence process and salient human rights risks identified from business activities, please refer to the sections “Human rights & our communities” (page 114) and “Human rights salient risks” (page 212), respectively.

Compliance with internal and external laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, fair competition and taxation rules, are among the principles of the Holcim Code of Business Conduct and are binding across the entire Group. Refer to the section “Compliance Program” (page 147). Tax governance, tax risk management and compliance are integral to the Group’s Tax Directives, and are embedded within Holcim’s risk management and internal control systems. Refer to the section “Key financial risks” (page 209) and “Internal control” (page 210).

Specific considerations are included in our methodology to assess the Taxonomy alignment of different eligible economic activities:

For CCM 3.5. Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings:

Pollution prevention and control: Screening has been performed for the full list of components for materials used at our insulation and spray foam manufacturing sites to ensure compliance with Appendix C to Annex I of the Climate Delegated Act.

Circular Economy: With regard to product-specific features and the manufacturing process, Holcim has assessed the techniques available and adopted to support the EU Taxonomy criteria, including the use of secondary raw materials, durability, recyclability, ease of disassembly, adaptability and the waste management program.

For CCM 3.7. Manufacture of cement:

Manufacturing footprint: Each clinker or cement product involves an activity with a specific manufacturing footprint, including quarrying, clinker production, cement grinding, cement blending, and is individually assessed against all applicable Taxonomy criteria throughout the end-to-end manufacturing process.

Climate change mitigation: Holcim uses the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA) Sustainability Guidelines for the reporting of CO2 emissions from cement manufacturing (previously WBCSD CSI Cement CO2 and Energy Protocol version 3.1). CO2 emissions from own production of mineral components used as a clinker substitute (such as calcined clay) are included in this calculation. With reference to the EU Sustainable Finance Platform Technical Expert Group report of 2020, the following are excluded from the CO2 calculation for clinker: a) non-kiln fuel emissions, b) Scope 2 CO2 from purchased electricity, c) CO2 emissions from Holcim’s own captive power plants.

Pollution prevention and control: Holcim’s Emission Monitoring and Reporting standards apply to the emissions of SO2, NOx and dust from kiln stacks. A kiln is considered “Taxonomy aligned for emissions” when it emits pollutants below the limits defined in the EU Best Available Techniques reference document, as follows: 1) Continuously monitored emissions: With regard to the emissions of SO2, NOx and dust from kiln stacks, Holcim’s Emission Monitoring and Reporting standards apply. Daily average results are calculated and are validated against the ranges defined by Best Available Techniques (BAT) Reference Document for the Production of Cement, Lime and Magnesium Oxide of the Industrial Emissions Directive 2010/75/EU. Data is automatically collected via an integrated plant production system (TiS) and consolidated globally in real time. Alignment assessment is performed by the Group HSE department on a monthly basis. As regards measurement uncertainty, variability is calculated and corrected according to each country’s required methodology (e.g., EN 14181, linear regression or fixed reduction percentages), with corrections limited by Industrial Emissions Directive (IED 2.0) thresholds. 2) Non-continuously monitored emissions: Spot measurements are used to assess the kiln’s Taxonomy alignment. The dataset used is taken from the Annual Report campaign.

EU Taxonomy CapEx plan

In accordance with its sustainability strategy, Holcim has established an EU Taxonomy CapEx plan in accordance with the requirements of the EU Taxonomy Regulation as an integral part of its annual strategy planning process since 2023. Holcim’s EU Taxonomy CapEx plan is established in particular for the purpose of aligning its cement activity to the EU Taxonomy based on the climate change mitigation objective and includes:

2023-2032 plan based on individual cement plant development plans

Group-level prioritization of major CapEx projects, including carbon capture1 , large plant modernization and global assumptions on capacity optimization and target area setting.

Holcim has established a 10-year EU Taxonomy CapEx plan, the maximum duration permitted under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. This timeframe reflects the transitional nature of cement as an activity, recognizing that the decarbonization of cement production and the alignment of all plants with EU Taxonomy criteria require a long-term approach. The transition of the construction market and the adoption of low-carbon construction materials are expected to be gradual. Furthermore, the widespread installation of carbon capture technologies across cement plants is a complex process that cannot be achieved in the short term.

As disclosed in 2023, Holcim has established an EU Taxonomy CapEx plan totaling CHF 4.4 billion, aimed at increasing Taxonomy-aligned cement activities over the period from 2023 to 2032.

In line with the Group’s advanced strategy to streamline its business portfolio, divested entities were excluded from the long-term EU Taxonomy CapEx plan, leading to an additional decrease of CHF 51 million during 2024.

During the 2024 annual mid-term-plan process, the countries reviewed their Taxonomy-aligned CapEx action plans to optimize investments, resulting in a CHF 38 million net adjustment to the Group’s overall CapEx plan.

CHF 174 million and CHF 265 million were spent in 2023 and 2024, respectively, with the majority of the expenditure focused on decarbonizing the cement manufacturing process.

As a result, on 31 December 2024, the remaining Taxonomy CapEx plan for the period 2025-2032 amounts to CHF 3.9 billion.

1 Carbon capture for cement plants is considered to be a key measure impacting the gross CO2 emissions per ton criteria, provided carbon capture, transport and storage activities comply with EU Taxonomy criteria.

EU TAXONOMY CAPEX PLAN

2023-2032 (CHF M) 

 Carbon capture    2,547
 Decarbonization   1,486
 Clean energy      67
 Other1            257


1 Climate change adaptation, air emissions, water, biodiversity and other.

Explanation of key performance indicators

The consolidated EU Taxonomy KPIs comprise those of Holcim Ltd and its consolidated subsidiaries. In 2024, Holcim did not issue any environmentally sustainable bonds to finance Taxonomy-aligned activities and hence did not disclose adjusted KPIs. Based on the definition in Annex I to the Delegated Act under Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, the EU Taxonomy KPIs are defined as the following:

Turnover

Turnover denominator: net sales shown in the consolidated income statement pursuant to IFRS 15 Revenue recognition, referring to Note 4.2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (page 291).

Turnover numerator: Taxonomy-aligned sales correspond to the revenues from the activities that have met all Taxonomy alignment criteria.

In 2024, Holcim achieved CHF 1,648 million in Taxonomy-aligned sales1 (6.2% of total net sales), an increase of 0.8% from 2023, driven by higher low-carbon cement sales and improved alignment with DNSH criteria for air pollution and climate change adaptation.

Within Holcim Group’s intercompany sales, the main Taxonomy-eligible stream consists of CHF 1,297 million in cement produced and sold to other Group entities for ready-mix production, of which CHF 116 million is Taxonomy-aligned. These intercompany sales are excluded from the turnover KPIs.

1 Taxonomy-aligned cement sales, as defined by the EU Taxonomy criteria, differ from the sales of sustainable products (e.g., ECOPlanet), which are assessed using a separate set of criteria defined by Holcim.

Capital expenditure (CapEx)

CapEx denominator: the total of additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including the addition of right-of-use assets for leases recognized under IFRS 16, and the addition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets resulting from business combinations following purchase price allocation. Refer to Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (page 306). Grants, including government funding such as EU innovation funds, are deducted from the disclosed CapEx amounts in accordance with Holcim's accounting policy, which aligns with IAS 20.

CapEx numerator: eligible and aligned CapEx is composed of three parts:

CapEx to expand aligned activities as part of the Taxonomy CapEx plan. For cement as a transitional activity, this covers CapEx to increase already Taxonomy-aligned activities and CapEx that allows Taxonomy-eligible activities to become aligned

CapEx to enable low-carbon operations mainly based on energy efficiency equipment for buildings

CapEx on already aligned activities. Specifically for cement activities, this is determined by the allocation of the remaining CapEx between aligned and eligible but not aligned, based on the percentage of aligned sales volume by country

Business combination: In 2024, the CapEx denominator includes CHF 743 million related to additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets resulting from business combinations following purchase price allocation. Refer to Note 2.3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements (page 277). For newly acquired companies that are Taxonomy-eligible but for which Holcim is still in the process of collecting data to assess EU Taxonomy alignment, their status is reported as “Eligible but not aligned.”

In 2024, Holcim’s total eligible CapEx reached CHF 1,852 million, up from CHF 1,212 million in 2023. This increase was mainly driven by the inclusion of material recovery from non-hazardous waste in the EU Taxonomy disclosure and higher investments in cement.

Holcim achieved a Taxonomy-aligned CapEx of CHF 354 million, marking a 4.2% increase from 2023. This growth was driven by an acceleration in investments in decarbonization and circularity initiatives, aiming at increasing the use of alternative raw materials, alternative fuels, calcined clay and plant modernization, notably in Poland and Belgium as part of our carbon capture projects.

Operating expenditure (OpEx)

OpEx denominator: the EU Taxonomy defines OpEx as direct non-capitalized costs that relate to research and development (R&D), building renovation measures, shortterm lease, maintenance and repair and any other direct expenditures relating to the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment that are necessary to ensure the continued and effective functioning of such assets. In Holcim, the denominator mainly includes maintenance and direct R&D expenses.

OpEx numerator: eligible and aligned OpEx is composed of three parts:

OpEx related to Taxonomy-aligned economic activities

OpEx to expand aligned activities as part of the Taxonomy CapEx plan

OpEx to enable low-carbon operations mainly based on energy efficiency equipment for buildings

Eligible and aligned maintenance OpEx for cement is calculated based on the total eligible maintenance expenses multiplied by the percentage of aligned sales volumes per country. Eligible and aligned R&D OpEx is determined based on a review of individual projects aimed at increasing Taxonomy-aligned activities or enabling Taxonomy-eligible activities to become aligned.

With reference to FAQ 13 of the second Commission notice of December 2022: “Where the relevant undertakings are not able to ascertain compliance of Taxonomy-eligible activities that are not material for their business with the technical screening criteria due to a lack of data or evidence, they should report those activities as not Taxonomy-aligned without any further assessment.” This provision has been adopted for short-term and low-value leases.

Monitoring and reporting processes

Implementation of the EU Taxonomy at Holcim includes putting in place robust processes and controls for defining and collecting data points, conducting assessments, reporting and disclosures as well as impacting the business through strategy setting and performance tracking. A collaborative approach across all functions has been a critical success factor.

To ensure consistency and quality, Taxonomy-aligned cement sales are evaluated in the Group financial dashboard system, with full traceability of validation by product and site. This process uses data from existing Group reporting systems and internal controls. Air emissions measurements are collected from integrated cement plant information systems across all locations.

In 2024, a dedicated IT platform was introduced to streamline EU Taxonomy assessment processes across all countries. This platform ensures the use of standardized templates and adequate documentation for evaluating EU Taxonomy eligibility and alignment. It covers non-cement activities, Taxonomy-aligned CapEx projects and lease contracts, requiring countries to upload supporting evidence to enhance transparency and consistency.

The KPI calculation process involves analyzing the Group’s consolidated data while ensuring accuracy and avoiding double counting. This is achieved by processing accounting information from a single source and verifying the traceability and precision of the data.

Both financial and non-financial data submitted for Taxonomy assessments are reviewed and signed off by the respective country management as part of the annual financial certification process.

STEADY EXPANSION OF TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ACTIVITIES IN 2024 1 

 TURNOVER2 %   CAPEX3 %
 +0.8%         +4.2%
 OPEX %       
 +0.8%        


1 Compared with 2023.

2 Turnover corresponds to net sales to external customers.

3 Capital expenditure based on EU Taxonomy definition.

TURNOVER1 

                            CHF M    Percent
 Eligible and aligned       1,648    6.2%
 Eligible but not aligned   10,074   38.2%
 Not eligible               14,685   55.6%
 Total                      26,407   100%


1 Turnover corresponds to net sales to external customers.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE (CAPEX)1 

                            CHF M   Percent
 Eligible and aligned       354     11.7%
 Eligible but not aligned   1,498   49.5%
 Not eligible               1,172   38.8%
 Total                      3,024   100%


1 Capital expenditure based on EU Taxonomy definition.

OPERATING EXPENDITURE (OPEX) 

                            CHF M   Percent
 Eligible and aligned       68      4.3%
 Eligible but not aligned   812     50.7%
 Not eligible               719     45.0%
 Total                      1,599   100%


Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities 

 2024 financial year                                                           Year
                                                                                               Turnover   Proportion of Turnover in 2024
 Economic Activities                                                           Code            CHF M      %
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                         
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                          
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                      CCM3.5          790        3.0%
 Manufacture of cement                                                         CCM3.7          857        3.2%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste5                                   CCM5.9, CE2.7   0          0.0%
 Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                   1,648      6.2%
 Of which enabling                                                                             790        3.0%
 Of which transitional                                                                         857        3.2%


                                                                                                       Code            Million CHF   %
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                               
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              CCM3.5          64            0.3%
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 CCM3.7          9,984         37.8%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            CCM5.9, CE2.7   26            0.1%
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                  10,074        38.2%
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                    11,722        44.4%
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                
 Turnover of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                          14,685        55.6%
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                           26,407        100.0%


 2024 financial year                                                           Substantial Contribution Criteria
                                                                               Climate Change Mitigation   Climate Change Adaptation   Water            Pollution        Circular Economy   Biodiversity
 Economic Activities                                                           Y; N; N/EL1, 2              Y; N; N/EL1, 2              Y; N; N/EL1, 2   Y; N; N/EL1, 2   Y; N; N/EL1, 2     Y; N; N/EL1, 2
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                                                                                                           
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                            
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                      Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             N/EL               N/EL
 Manufacture of cement                                                         Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             N/EL               N/EL
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste5                                   Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             Y                  N/EL
 Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)   6.2%                        0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%
 Of which enabling                                                             3.0%                        0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%
 Of which transitional                                                         3.2%                        0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%


                                                                                                       EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                             
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        EL          N/EL
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  38.2%       0%          0%          0%          0%          0%
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                    44.4%       0%          0%          0%          0%          0%
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                              
 Turnover of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                     
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                                                      


 2024 financial year                                                                                   DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm')
                                                                                                       Climate Change Mitigation   Climate Change Adaptation   Water   Pollution   Circular Economy   Biodiversity
 Economic Activities                                                                                   Y/N1                        Y/N1                        Y/N1    Y/N1        Y/N1               Y/N1
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                                                                                                                     
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                                      
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste5                                                           Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                           Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Of which enabling                                                                                     Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Of which transitional                                                                                 Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                                                                
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                                                                                                                            
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                                                                                                               
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                                                                                                                          
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                                                                                                
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                                                                                                  
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                 
 Turnover of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                        
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                         


 2024 financial year                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Economic Activities                                                                                   Minimum Safeguards   Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.) or eligible (A.2.) turnover in 2023   Category enabling activity   Category transitional activity
                                                                                                       Y/N1                 %                                                                           E3                           T4
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                                                                     
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              Y                    3.1%                                                                        E                           
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 Y                    2.3%                                                                                                     T
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste5                                                           Y                                                                                                                            
 Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                           Y                    5.4%                                                                                                    
 Of which enabling                                                                                     Y                    3.1%                                                                        E                           
 Of which transitional                                                                                 Y                    2.3%                                                                                                     T
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                                                                                               
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                                                                                                                                                           
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                                      39.2%                                                                                                   
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                       39.2%                                                                                                   
 Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                         44.6%                                                                                                   
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Turnover of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                               55.4%                                                                                                   
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                100.0%                                                                                                  


1 Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective. N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.

2 EL - Eligible. Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. N/EL - Not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.

3 Enabling activities (E): an economic activity shall qualify as contributing substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives by directly enabling other activities. to make a substantial contribution to one or more of those objectives, provided that such economic activity: (a) does not lead to a lock-in of assets that undermine long-term environmental goals, considering the economic lifetime of those assets; and (b) has a substantial positive environmental impact, on the basis of life-cycle considerations.

4 Transitional activities (T): activities for which there are no technologically and economically feasible low-carbon alternatives, but that support the transition to a climate-neutral economy in a manner that is consistent with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, for example, by phasing out greenhouse gas emissions.

5 Taxonomy-aligned turnover for the activity CCM5.9 is CHF 69,000. Due to rounding, the Taxonomy-aligned turnover breakdown by economic activity in this table does not add up precisely to the total. The total amount of CHF 1,647,506,600 is calculated from the underlying precise figures rather than the rounded values presented.

Turnover annex 

                                                                      Proportion of turnover/Total turnover
                                                                      Taxonomy-aligned per objective   Taxonomy-eligible per objective
 Climate change mitigation (CCM)                                      6.2%                             44.4%
 Climate change adaptation (CCA)                                                                      
 Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources (WTR)                                   
 Circular economy (CE)                                                0.0%                             0.1%
 Pollution prevention and control (PPC)                                                               
 Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems (BIO)                                      


Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities 

 2024 financial year                                                        Year
                                                                                            CapEx   Proportion of CapEx in 2024
 Economic Activities                                                        Code            CHF M   %
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                   
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                    
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                   CCM3.5          21      0.7%
 Manufacture of cement                                                      CCM3.7          327     10.8%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                 CCM5.9, CE2.7   6       0.2%
 CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                   354     11.7%
 Of which enabling                                                                          21      0.7%
 Of which transitional                                                                      327     10.8%


                                                                                                       Code            Million CHF   %
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                               
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              CCM3.5          6             0.2%
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 CCM3.7          1,137         37.6%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            CCM5.9, CE2.7   327           10.8%
 Freight transport services by road                                                                    CCM6.6          28            0.9%
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                  1,498         49.5%
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                       1,852         61.2%
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                
 CapEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                             1,172         38.8%
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                           3,024         100.0%


 2024 financial year                                                        Substantial Contribution Criteria
                                                                            Climate Change Mitigation   Climate Change Adaptation   Water            Pollution        Circular Economy   Biodiversity
 Economic Activities                                                        Y; N; N/EL1, 2              Y; N; N/EL1, 2              Y; N; N/EL1, 2   Y; N; N/EL1, 2   Y; N; N/EL1, 2     Y; N; N/EL1, 2
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                                                                                                        
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                         
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                   Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             N/EL               N/EL
 Manufacture of cement                                                      Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             N/EL               N/EL
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                 Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             Y                  N/EL
 CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)   11.7%                       0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%
 Of which enabling                                                          0.7%                        0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%
 Of which transitional                                                      10.8%                       0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%


                                                                                                       EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                             
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        EL          N/EL
 Freight transport services by road                                                                    EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  49.5%       0%          0%          0%          0%          0%
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                       61.1%       0%          0%          0%          0%          0%
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                              
 CapEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                        
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                                                      


 2024 financial year                                                                                   DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm')
                                                                                                       Climate Change Mitigation   Climate Change Adaptation   Water   Pollution   Circular Economy   Biodiversity
 Economic Activities                                                                                   Y/N1                        Y/N1                        Y/N1    Y/N1        Y/N1               Y/N1
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                                                                                                                     
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                                      
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                              Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Of which enabling                                                                                     Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Of which transitional                                                                                 Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                                                                
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                                                                                                                            
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                                                                                                               
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                                                                                                                          
 Freight transport services by road                                                                                                                                                                  
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                                                                                                
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                                                                                                     
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                 
 CapEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                           
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                         


 2024 financial year                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                       Minimum Safeguards   Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.) or eligible (A.2.) CapEx in 20235   Category enabling activity   Category transitional activity
 Economic Activities                                                                                   Y/N1                 %                                                                         E3                           T4
 A. Taxonomy Eligible Activities                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                                                                   
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              Y                    0.5%                                                                      E                           
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 Y                    7.0%                                                                                                   T
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            Y                                                                                                                          
 CapEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                              Y                    7.5%                                                                                                  
 Of which Enabling                                                                                     Y                    0.5%                                                                      E                           
 Of which Transitional                                                                                 Y                    7.0%                                                                                                   T
 A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                                                                                             
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                                                                                                                                                         
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                                      30.4%                                                                                                 
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Freight transport services by road                                                                                                                                                                                               
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                       30.4%                                                                                                 
 CapEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                            38.0%                                                                                                 
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                                              
 CapEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                  62.0%                                                                                                 
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                100.0%                                                                                                


1 Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective. N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.

2 EL - Eligible. Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. N/EL - Not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.

3 Enabling activities (E): an economic activity shall qualify as contributing substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives by directly enabling other activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of those objectives, provided that such economic activity: (a) does not lead to a lock-in of assets that undermine long-term environmental goals, considering the economic lifetime of those assets; and (b) has a substantial positive environmental impact, on the basis of life-cycle considerations.

4 Transitional activities (T): activities for which there are no technologically and economically feasible low-carbon alternatives, but that support the transition to a climate-neutral economy in a manner that is consistent with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, for example by phasing out greenhouse gas emissions.

5 The 0.1% related to CCM7.6, disclosed in 2023, was not reported in 2024 as its eligibility fell below the 0.5% threshold and was deemed non-material.

CapEx annex 

                                                                      Proportion of CapEx/Total CapEx
                                                                      Taxonomy-aligned per objective   Taxonomy-eligible per objective
 Climate change mitigation (CCM)                                      11.7%                            61.2%
 Climate change adaptation (CCA)                                                                      
 Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources (WTR)                                   
 Circular economy (CE)                                                0.2%                             11.0%
 Pollution prevention and control (PPC)                                                               
 Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems (BIO)                                      


Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities 

 2024 financial year                                                       Year
                                                                                           OpEx          Proportion of OpEx in 2024
 Economic Activities                                                       Code            Million CHF   %
 A. Taxonomy-eligible activities                                                                        
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                         
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                  CCM3.5          5             0.3%
 Manufacture of cement                                                     CCM3.7          63            4.0%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                CCM5.9, CE2.7   0             0.0%
 OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                   68            4.3%
 Of which enabling                                                                         5             0.3%
 Of which transitional                                                                     63            4.0%


                                                                                                       Code            Million CHF   %
 A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                               
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              CCM3.5          0             0.0%
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 CCM3.7          811           50.6%
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            CCM5.9, CE2.7   1             0.1%
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                  812           50.7%
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                        880           55.0%
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                
 OpEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                              719           45.0%
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                           1,599         100.0%


 2024 financial year                                                       Substantial Contribution Criteria
                                                                           Climate Change Mitigation   Climate Change Adaptation   Water            Pollution        Circular Economy   Biodiversity
 Economic Activities                                                       Y; N; N/EL1, 2              Y; N; N/EL1, 2              Y; N; N/EL1, 2   Y; N; N/EL1, 2   Y; N; N/EL1, 2     Y; N; N/EL1, 2
 A. Taxonomy-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                       
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                        
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                  Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             N/EL               N/EL
 Manufacture of cement                                                     Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             N/EL               N/EL
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                Y                           N/EL                        N/EL             N/EL             Y                  N/EL
 OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)   4.3%                        0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%
 Of which enabling                                                         0.3%                        0%                          0%               0%               0%                 0%
 Of which transitional                                                     4.0%                                                                                                        


                                                                                                       EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2   EL; N/EL2
 A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                             
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        N/EL
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            EL          N/EL        N/EL        N/EL        EL          N/EL
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  50.7%       0%          0%          0%          0%          0%
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                        55.0%       0%          0%          0%          0%          0%
 B. Taxonomy Non-eligible activities                                                                                                                              
 OpEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                         
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                                                      


 2024 financial year                                                                                   DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm')
                                                                                                       Climate Change Mitigation   Climate Change Adaptation   Water   Pollution   Circular Economy   Biodiversity
 Economic Activities                                                                                   Y/N1                        Y/N1                        Y/N1    Y/N1        Y/N1               Y/N1
 A. Taxonomy-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                     
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                                      
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                               Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Of which enabling                                                                                     Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 Of which transitional                                                                                 Y                           Y                           Y       Y           Y                  Y
 A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                                                                
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                                                                                                                            
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                                                                                                               
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                                                                                                                          
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                                                                                                
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                                                                                                      
 B. Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                 
 OpEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                            
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                         


 2024 financial year                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                       Minimum Safeguards   Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.) or eligible (A.2.) OpEx in 2023   Category enabling activity   Category transitional activity
 Economic Activities                                                                                   Y/N1                 %                                                                       E3                           T4
 A. Taxonomy-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                                                
 A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)                                                                                                                                                                 
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                              Y                    0.3%                                                                    E                           
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                 Y                    3.1%                                                                                                 T
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                            Y                                                                                                                        
 OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)                               Y                    3.4%                                                                                                
 Of which enabling                                                                                     Y                    0.3%                                                                    E                           
 Of which transitional                                                                                 Y                    3.1%                                                                                                 T
 A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)                                                                                                                           
 Manufacture of energy efficiency equipment for buildings                                                                                                                                                                       
 Manufacture of cement                                                                                                      50.4%                                                                                               
 Material recovery from non-hazardous waste                                                                                                                                                                                     
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)                       50.4%                                                                                               
 OpEx of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2)                                                                             53.8%                                                                                               
 B. Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                                                                                                                            
 OpEx of Taxonomy non-eligible activities                                                                                   46.2%                                                                                               
 Total (A+B)                                                                                                                100.0%                                                                                              


1 Y - Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective. N - No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.

2 EL - Eligible. Taxonomy eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. N/EL - Not eligible, Taxonomy non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.

3 Enabling activities (E): an economic activity shall qualify as contributing substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives by directly enabling other activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of those objectives, provided that such economic activity: (a) does not lead to a lock-in of assets that undermine long-term environmental goals, considering the economic lifetime of those assets; and (b) has a substantial positive environmental impact, on the basis of life-cycle considerations.

4 Transitional activities (T): activities for which there are no technologically and economically feasible low-carbon alternatives, but that support the transition to a climate-neutral economy in a manner that is consistent with a pathway to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, for example by phasing out greenhouse gas emissions.

OpEx annex 

                                                                      Proportion of OpEx/Total OpEx
                                                                      Taxonomy-aligned per objective   Taxonomy-eligible per objective
 Climate change mitigation (CCM)                                      4.3%                             55.0%
 Climate change adaptation (CCA)                                                                      
 Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources (WTR)                                   
 Circular economy (CE)                                                0.0%                             0.1%
 Pollution prevention and control (PPC)                                                               
 Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems (BIO)                                      


Nuclear and fossil gas related activities 

 Nuclear energy related activities                                                                    
 1. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  NO
 2. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.  NO
 3. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.  NO
 Fossil gas related activities                                                                        
 4. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  NO
 5. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.  NO
 6. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.  NO


PERFORMANCE BY OPERATIONAL SEGMENT

NORTH AMERICA 

                                                 2024
 Net sales to external customers   Million CHF   6,360
 Organic growth                    %             -2.9%
 Growth in local currency          %             -2.8%
 Recurring EBITDA after leases     Million CHF   2,132
 Organic growth                    %             +10.3%
 Growth in local currency          %             +10.3%
 Recurring EBIT                    Million CHF   1,624
 Organic growth                    %             +12.4%
 Growth in local currency          %             +12.2%


In North America, the business displayed a resilient performance despite experiencing a 2.8% decline in net sales to external customers on a local currency basis. Strong pricing strategies, commercial resilience and strategic investments resulted in profitable growth across all product lines and markets. The region capitalized on opportunities arising from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and the Inflation Reduction Act, while also benefiting from investments in the energy sector and the onshoring of manufacturing.

A value-driven commercial approach led to over-proportional Recurring EBIT growth of 12.2% on a local currency basis. This translated into a 330 basis point expansion in the Recurring EBIT margin to 24.9%, with improvements across all segments.

The strategic expansion through the value-accretive acquisition of King William Sand & Gravel near Richmond, Virginia, broadened Holcim’s operational footprint and product portfolio, generating significant synergies.

North America remains firmly committed to decarbonizing and expanding its low-carbon product offerings. The ECOPlanet cement range shows a commitment to low-carbon construction, delivering at least a 30% lower carbon footprint compared to ordinary cement. The clinker factor improved by 0.7 percentage points, with OneCem (limestone Portland cement) accounting for 87% of total cement sales. ECOPact concrete represented 36% of the region’s ready-mix sales in 2024 and has contributed to reducing carbon emissions.

The capacity expansion project at the Ste. Genevieve (Missouri) Cement Plant is well on track and will be completed by late 2025. This investment will increase production capacity by over 600,000 tons of cement while reducing net CO2 emissions by more than 400,000 tons per year.

There are three carbon capture and storage projects in North America at an early development stage at the Ste. Genevieve (Missouri), Portland (Colorado) and Exshaw (Alberta) plants. The ambition is to capture over four million tons of CO2 by 2030.

Strategic investments, innovative product offerings and ambitious sustainability initiatives position the region for continued success and leadership in the evolving construction landscape. The region is well-positioned to capitalize on future opportunities, driving sustainable growth and delivering exceptional value to stakeholders.

LATIN AMERICA 

                                                 2024
 Net sales to external customers   Million CHF   2,882
 Organic growth                    %             +2.4%
 Growth in local currency          %             +4.0%
 Recurring EBITDA after leases     Million CHF   1,184
 Organic growth                    %             +9.8%
 Growth in local currency          %             +10.4%
 Recurring EBIT                    Million CHF   1,044
 Organic growth                    %             +9.3%
 Growth in local currency          %             +9.7%


In Latin America, Holcim’s operations demonstrated resilience in 2024 despite facing several challenges, including the presidential election in Mexico, significant fiscal and monetary reforms in Argentina and political and social instability in Ecuador. Net sales to external customers grew by 4.0% on a local currency basis despite lower volumes, reflecting the ability to meet customer demand for sustainable building solutions. Recurring EBIT increased by 9.7% on a local currency basis, driven by strong performances in Mexico and Argentina. The Recurring EBIT margin expanded by 190 basis points to 36.0% thanks to effective execution in commercial excellence and cost management.

In Mexico, domestic cement volumes remained stable in 2024, supported by a recovery in bagged cement, particularly in the self-building segment. However, bulk cement volumes demand declined due to uncertainty surrounding new government policies and the completion of large infrastructure projects. In Ecuador, the construction market continued declining due to a lack of infrastructure investments and power rationing. However, there was a positive trend in pricing and volumes during the last quarter of the year.

The region remained focused on decarbonization, with specific net CO2 emissions per ton of cementitious material decreasing by over 6kg/ton. This reduction in CO2 emissions was driven by a substantial increase in the use of alternative fuels and a reduction in clinker content. ECOPlanet and other local sustainable products accounted for almost 70% of cement net sales in the region, while ECOPact sales represented 17% of ready-mix net sales.

In Mexico, the region invested USD 55 million in building a new grinding facility at its cement plant in Macuspana, Tabasco. This expansion, which boosts cement production capacity to 1.5 million tons per year, aligns with Holcim’s commitment to drive sustainable economic development in Mexico’s southeast region. The new grinding unit is expected to create 800 jobs during construction and increase the plant’s workforce to more than 300 jobs once operational in early 2025.

Holcim also continued to execute its growth strategy with several acquisitions in 2024. In the third quarter of the year, Holcim completed the acquisition of Comacsa, a white cement and industrial non-metallic minerals business entity and Mixercon, a production, marketing and supply of cement and ready-mix business. These acquisitions mark Holcim’s entry into the Peruvian market, strengthening its position in Latin America, generating synergies and expanding export opportunities. In September, Holcim further strengthened its presence in Guatemala through the acquisition of one grinding mill, three ready-mix plants and five distribution centers.

EUROPE 

                                                 2024
 Net sales to external customers   Million CHF   7,198
 Organic growth                    %             -1.8 %
 Growth in local currency          %             -0.1 %
 Recurring EBITDA after leases     Million CHF   1,808
 Organic growth                    %             +7.8%
 Growth in local currency          %             +9.1%
 Recurring EBIT                    Million CHF   1,335
 Organic growth                    %             +11.3%
 Growth in local currency          %             +12.1%


Net sales to external customers were stable on a local currency basis, driven by excellent commercial execution and a solid contribution from acquisitions. Eastern Europe delivered a strong performance, compensating for subdued market conditions in western and central Europe.

The region delivered a strongly positive price over cost across all product lines thanks to the higher contribution from low-carbon products, commercial and operational excellence as well as disciplined cost management. As a result, Recurring EBIT increased by 12.1% on a local currency basis and the Recurring EBIT margin reached 17.8%, expanding by 200 basis points.

Sustainability, from decarbonization to circularity, remains at the forefront of the European strategy for driving profitable growth. Construction demolition materials grew by 31% to reach 6.2 million tons. Europe continues to scale up its ECOCycle® technology, bringing the total number of recycling platforms in Europe to 98. ECOPlanet reached 27% of cement net sales and ECOPact reached 30% of ready-mix net sales.

Europe hosted groundbreaking ceremonies for two flagship carbon capture projects: Carbon2Business in Lägerdorf, Germany, and GO4ZERO in Obourg, Belgium. In October 2024, Holcim was selected for a new grant from the European Union (EU) Innovation Fund for its breakthrough carbon capture and storage project in Martres-Tolosane, France. This grant for the CarboClearTech project brings the number of Holcim’s large-scale EU-supported carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) projects to seven, advancing the European Green Deal.

Europe made 13 acquisitions in construction demolition materials, aggregates and ready-mix, advancing its capabilities in circular construction. Key transactions included Cand-Landi and Seekag in Switzerland, Land Recovery in the UK, Mark Desmedt in Belgium, Mendiger Basalt in Germany, CemEnergy and Eurobud’s ready-mix operations in selected markets in Poland.

ASIA, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA 

                                                 2024
 Net sales to external customers   Million CHF   3,612
 Organic growth                    %             +8.2%
 Growth in local currency          %             +3.2%
 Recurring EBITDA after leases     Million CHF   1,096
 Organic growth                    %             +11.9%
 Growth in local currency          %             +9.9%
 Recurring EBIT                    Million CHF   878
 Organic growth                    %             +13.5%
 Growth in local currency          %             +11.7%


Asia, Middle East & Africa region delivered a strong performance in 2024. Net sales to external customers grew across countries in Middle East & Africa, with positive development in domestic markets in major countries, e.g., Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Nigeria and the United Arab Emirates. Australia recorded robust margin expansion across business segments.

Strong emphasis on commercial actions, cost reductions and value strategy led to over-proportional profitable growth. The Middle East & Africa remained at the forefront with broad-based growth across all segments. Recurring EBIT was up by 11.7% on a local currency basis. The Recurring EBIT margin for the region grew by 170 basis points to reach 22.8% for the year.

The region made significant progress on its decarbonization journey, with sales of low-carbon products such as ECOPact and ECOPlanet in new markets, e.g., Nigeria, New Zealand and Iraq, the increased adoption of these low-carbon products in existing markets, e.g., Australia, the Philippines and the United Arab Emirates, and increased use of alternative fuel and greener sources of energy.

In 2024, the region further optimized its portfolio. Holcim has closed the divestments of its businesses in Uganda, Tanzania, South Africa and Kenya. In addition, the Group has signed an agreement to sell its Nigerian business, which is subject to customary and regulatory approvals. Holcim’s joint venture Cement Australia has signed an agreement to acquire a division of the Buckeridge Group of Companies (BCG) to strengthen its footprint in Western Australia. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals.

SOLUTIONS & PRODUCTS 

                                                 2024
 Net sales to external customers   Million CHF   5,915
 Organic growth                    %             +1.9%
 Growth in local currency          %             +7.4%
 Recurring EBITDA after leases     Million CHF   965
 Organic growth                    %             +10.2%
 Growth in local currency          %             +14.8%
 Recurring EBIT                    Million CHF   707
 Organic growth                    %             +14.3%
 Growth in local currency          %             +17.6%


Net sales to external customers grew by 7.4% on a local currency basis, driven by the strong contribution from the acquisitions in Europe and North America coupled with notable growth in commercial and residential roofing revenues in North America. This contrasts with the lower 2023 baseline, which was impacted by the normalization of purchasing trends and destocking that began in the fourth quarter of 2022 and persisted throughout 2023.

Recurring EBIT grew over-proportionally by 17.6% on a local currency basis, predominantly due to the good performance of the roofing business in North America. As a result, the Recurring EBIT margin improved by 100 basis points, with broad-based growth across all regions, especially Latin America. The acquisitions in Europe throughout the year also supported the segment’s growth.

Precast, paving solutions and dry mortars remained firm overall and showed margin improvement thanks to efficient cost management. The Disensa retail network is progressing steadily in Latin America, with almost 2,000 stores across the region.

Holcim continued to execute its growth strategy in the segment, with four acquisitions finalized during the year. In January, Holcim acquired ZinCo, a Germany-based manufacturer and designer of sustainable green roofing systems, which complements Holcim’s existing roofing business as well as its overall commitment to advancing decarbonization. In May, Holcim acquired Tensolite in Argentina, a manufacturer of innovative precast and prestressed concrete construction systems, increasing its footprint in the growing Latin American market. This was followed in June with the acquisition of Bantle Gips in Germany. Lastly, in November, Holcim acquired OX Engineered Products, a leading U.S. provider of advanced insulation systems.

These companies will reinforce Holcim’s footprint, putting Holcim in a good position to deliver strong growth over the coming year.

Responsibility Statement

We certify that, to the best of our knowledge and having made reasonable inquiries to that end, the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with applicable Accounting Standards and give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities, and of the financial position and results of the Company and of its consolidated subsidiaries, and that this Annual Report provides a true and fair view of the evolution of the business, results and financial condition of the Company and of its consolidated subsidiaries, and a description of the main risks and uncertainties to which the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are exposed.

Zug, 27 February 2025

JAN JENISCH, Chairman

MILJAN GUTOVIC, Chief Executive Officer

STEFFEN KINDLER, Chief Financial Officer

FINANCIAL INFORMATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                          Notes   2024       2023
 Net sales                                            3.3     26,407     27,009
 Production cost of goods sold                        4.3     (14,731)   (15,511)
 Gross profit                                                 11,676     11,498
 Distribution and selling expenses                            (5,784)    (5,905)
 Administration expenses                                      (1,514)    (1,319)
 Share of profit of joint ventures                    6.4     264        304
 Operating profit                                             4,642      4,577
 Profit on disposals and other non-operating income   5.2     50         156
 Loss on disposals and other non-operating expenses   5.3     (169)      (97)
 Share of profit of associates                        6.9     24         36
 Financial income                                     7.2     156        198
 Financial expenses                                   7.3     (681)      (697)
 Net income before taxes                                      4,022      4,174
 Income taxes                                         8.2     (981)      (999)
 Net income                                                   3,042      3,176
 Net income attributable to:                                            
 Shareholders of Holcim Ltd                                   2,926      3,060
 Non-controlling interests                                    115        115
 Earnings per share in CHF                                              
 Earnings per share                                   9       5.24       5.37
 Fully diluted earnings per share                     9       5.22       5.35


? Alternative Performance Measures used in this report are defined from page 370

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                                                        Notes   2024    2023
 Net income                                                                                 3,042   3,176
 Items that will be reclassified to the statement of income in future periods                      
 Currency translation effects                                                                      
 - Exchange differences on translation                                                      865     (2,466)
 - Realized through statement of income1                                                    216     0
 - Tax effect                                                                       8.4     9       (10)
 Cash flow hedges                                                                                  
 - Change in fair value                                                                     76      25
 - Realized through statement of income                                                     (48)    (261)
 - Tax effect                                                                       8.4     (8)     52
 Net investment hedges in subsidiaries                                                             
 - Realized through statement of income1                                                    (21)    (11)
 Subtotal                                                                                   1,089   (2,672)
 Items that will not be reclassified to the statement of income in future periods                  
 Defined benefit plans                                                                             
 - Remeasurements                                                                   15.3    83      (281)
 - Tax effect                                                                       8.4     (4)     89
 Share of other comprehensive earnings of associates and joint ventures                            
 - Change in fair value                                                                     0       (2)
 Subtotal                                                                                   79      (194)
 Total other comprehensive earnings                                                         1,168   (2,866)
 Total comprehensive earnings                                                               4,210   309
 Total comprehensive earnings attributable to:                                                     
 Shareholders of Holcim Ltd                                                                 4,086   339
 Non-controlling interests                                                                  124     (30)


1 In 2024, the currency translation effects and net investment hedges realized through the statement of income relate to the divestment of several Group’s businesses (see Note 2.3).

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                                               Notes      31.12.2024   31.12.2023
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                 14.3       5,347        6,082
 Short-term derivative assets                                              14.5       55           13
 Current financial receivables                                             12.3       137          128
 Trade accounts receivable                                                 10.2       2,613        2,723
 Inventories                                                               10.3       3,117        2,807
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                 10.4       837          849
 Assets classified as held for sale                                        13.2       81           239
 Total current assets                                                                 12,187       12,842
 Long-term financial investments and other long-term assets                12.2       538          542
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                              6.4, 6.9   3,331        3,184
 Property, plant and equipment                                             11.2       20,307       19,341
 Goodwill                                                                  11.3       14,594       13,589
 Intangible assets                                                         11.3       2,380        2,127
 Deferred tax assets                                                       8.4        565          674
 Pension assets                                                            15.3       378          296
 Long-term derivative assets                                               14.5       6            90
 Total non-current assets                                                             42,098       39,844
 Total assets                                                                         54,285       52,686
 Trade accounts payable                                                    10.5       4,745        4,336
 Current financial liabilities                                             14.4       1,842        1,416
 Current income tax liabilities                                                       712          801
 Other current liabilities                                                            2,068        1,899
 Short-term provisions                                                     16.2       387          348
 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale   13.2       0            104
 Total current liabilities                                                            9,754        8,904
 Long-term financial liabilities                                           14.4       12,014       12,665
 Provision for pensions and other post-employment benefit plans            15.3       548          587
 Long-term income tax liabilities                                          8.6        154          170
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                  8.4        1,994        1,868
 Long-term provisions                                                      16.2       1,866        1,708
 Total non-current liabilities                                                        16,575       16,999
 Total liabilities                                                                    26,330       25,903
 Share capital                                                             17.2       1,158        1,158
 Capital surplus                                                                      14,593       16,672
 Treasury shares                                                           17.2       (1,744)      (811)
 Reserves                                                                             13,232       8,978
 Total equity attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd                              27,239       25,997
 Non-controlling interests                                                 2.5        716          786
 Total shareholders' equity                                                           27,956       26,783
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                           54,285       52,686


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                                  Share capital   Capital surplus   Treasury shares   Currency translation adjustments4
 Equity as of 1 January 2024                                  1,158           16,672            (811)             (19,847)
 Net income                                                                                                      
 Other comprehensive earnings                                                                                     1,062
 Total comprehensive earnings                                                                                     1,062
 Payout                                                                       (1,570)                            
 Subordinated fixed rate resettable notes1                                                                       
 Hyperinflation2                                                                                                 
 Change in treasury shares3                                                   (488)             (933)            
 Share-based remuneration                                                     (22)                               
 Acquisition/(Disposal) of participation in Group companies                                                      
 Change in participation in existing Group companies                                                              (11)
 Equity as of 31 December 2024                                1,158           14,593            (1,744)           (18,796)
 Equity as of 1 January 2023                                  1,232           18,840            (1,297)           (17,440)
 Net income                                                                                                      
 Other comprehensive earnings                                                                                     (2,349)
 Total comprehensive earnings                                                                                     (2,349)
 Payout                                                                       (1,414)                            
 Subordinated fixed rate resettable notes1                                                                       
 Hyperinflation2                                                                                                 
 Change in treasury shares3                                                   (747)             (1,514)          
 Cancellation of shares3                                      (74)                              2,000            
 Share-based remuneration                                                     (7)                                
 Acquisition of participation in Group companies                                                                 
 Change in participation in existing Group companies                                                              (58)
 Equity as of 31 December 20234                               1,158           16,672            (811)             (19,847)


 Million CHF                                                  Other Reserves and Retained earnings   Total equity attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd   Non-controlling interests   Total shareholders' equity
 Equity as of 1 January 2024                                  28,825                                 25,997                                                    786                         26,783
 Net income                                                   2,926                                  2,926                                                     115                         3,042
 Other comprehensive earnings                                 98                                     1,160                                                     8                           1,168
 Total comprehensive earnings                                 3,024                                  4,086                                                     123                         4,210
 Payout                                                                                              (1,570)                                                   (146)                       (1,715)
 Subordinated fixed rate resettable notes1                    (555)                                  (555)                                                                                 (555)
 Hyperinflation2                                              196                                    196                                                       35                          232
 Change in treasury shares3                                   527                                    (893)                                                                                 (893)
 Share-based remuneration                                                                            (22)                                                                                  (22)
 Acquisition/(Disposal) of participation in Group companies   (7)                                    (7)                                                       (64)                        (71)
 Change in participation in existing Group companies          17                                     6                                                         (18)                        (12)
 Equity as of 31 December 2024                                32,027                                 27,239                                                    716                         27,956
 Equity as of 1 January 2023                                  27,339                                 28,674                                                    940                         29,614
 Net income                                                   3,060                                  3,060                                                     115                         3,176
 Other comprehensive earnings                                 (372)                                  (2,721)                                                   (145)                       (2,866)
 Total comprehensive earnings                                 2,688                                  339                                                       (30)                        309
 Payout                                                                                              (1,414)                                                   (99)                        (1,513)
 Subordinated fixed rate resettable notes1                    (221)                                  (221)                                                                                 (221)
 Hyperinflation2                                              124                                    124                                                       21                          145
 Change in treasury shares3                                   756                                    (1,506)                                                                               (1,506)
 Cancellation of shares3                                      (1,926)                                                                                                                      0
 Share-based remuneration                                                                            (7)                                                                                   (7)
 Acquisition of participation in Group companies                                                                                                               8                           8
 Change in participation in existing Group companies          66                                     8                                                         (54)                        (46)
 Equity as of 31 December 20234                               28,825                                 25,997                                                    786                         26,783


1 On 28 May 2024, Holcim exercised the redemption option on the EUR 500 million (CHF 490 million) subordinated fixed rate resettable perpetual notes issued on 5 April 2019 at an initial fixed coupon of 3.0%. This equity instrument is reflected at historical value in equity. See more information in Note 17.1.

2 See more information in Note 2.2.

3 In 2024, the amount of CHF -933 million includes the impact of the share buyback program of CHF -1,000 million launched in March 2024. In 2023, the amount of CHF -1,514 million includes CHF -1,550 million impact relating to the share buyback program launched in November 2022. For more information, see Note 17.2.

4 Equity as of 31 December 2023 includes a currency translation adjustment of CHF -132 million relating to assets and directly associated liabilities classified as held for sale. In 2024, the currency translation effects relating to the divestment of several Group’s businesses are realized through the statement of income.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF HOLCIM 

 Million CHF                                                                                   Notes      2024      2023
 Net income                                                                                               3,042     3,176
 Income taxes                                                                                  8.2        981       999
 Loss (profit) on disposals and other non operating items non cash                                        86        (68)
 Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                              6.4, 6.9   (288)     (340)
 Financial expenses, net                                                                       7.2, 7.3   525       499
 Depreciation, amortization and impairment of operating assets                                 4.5        2,219     2,076
 Employee benefits and other operating items                                                              (82)      (99)
 Change in inventories                                                                                    (251)     (83)
 Change in trade accounts receivable                                                                      205       (123)
 Change in trade accounts payable                                                                         350       308
 Change in other receivables and liabilities                                                              (86)      50
 Cash generated from operations                                                                           6,701     6,395
 Dividends received                                                                                       257       216
 Interest received                                                                                        160       184
 Interest paid                                                                                            (523)     (622)
 Income taxes paid                                                                             8.3        (928)     (702)
 Cash flow from operating activities (A)                                                                  5,667     5,470
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                (1,650)   (1,505)
 Disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                173       96
 Acquisition of participation in Group companies (net of cash and cash equivalents acquired)   2.3        (984)     (1,975)
 Disposal of participation in Group companies (net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of)   2.3        472       6
 Purchase of financial assets, intangible and other assets                                                (248)     (251)
 Disposal of financial assets, intangible and other assets                                                200       159
 Cash flow from investing activities (B)                                                       19         (2,037)   (3,469)
 Payout on ordinary shares                                                                     9          (1,570)   (1,414)
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                              (164)     (91)
 Net movement of treasury shares1                                                              17.2       (951)     (1,609)
 Repayment from subordinated fixed rate resettable notes                                       17.1       (490)     (200)
 Coupon paid on subordinated fixed rate resettable notes                                                  (13)      (27)
 Net movement in current financial liabilities                                                            125       (16)
 Proceeds from long-term financial liabilities                                                            26        9
 Repayment of long-term financial liabilities                                                             (931)     (1,454)
 Repayment of long-term lease liabilities                                                      14.7       (389)     (357)
 Increase in participation in existing Group companies                                                    (12)      (64)
 Cash flow from financing activities (C)                                                                  (4,369)   (5,223)
 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C)                                                        (739)     (3,223)
 Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the period (net)                                        6,052     9,757
 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    (739)     (3,223)
 Currency translation effects                                                                             21        (483)
 Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the period (net)                                   14.3       5,334     6,052


1 The net movement of treasury shares for 2024 is mainly related to the share buyback program announced in March 2024 and completed in December 2024 (see Note 17.2). The net movement of treasury shares for 2023 is mainly related to the share buyback program completed in May 2023 (see Note 17.2).

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As used herein, the terms “Holcim” or the “Group” refer to Holcim Ltd (Switzerland) together with the companies included in the scope of consolidation.

1. Accounting policies

1.1 Basis of preparation

The Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this report may not add up precisely to the totals provided. All ratios and variances are calculated using the underlying amount rather than the presented rounded amount.

Critical estimates and assumptions

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and related disclosures as of the date of the financial statements.

Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and additional factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

Due to the nature of making estimates and assumptions relating to the future, the resulting accounting estimates could deviate from the related actual results.

Management also uses judgment in applying the Group’s accounting policies.

The following details the judgments, apart from those involving estimations, that management has made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and which have a significant impact on the amounts recognized in the financial statements:

Classification of a subsidiary or a disposal group as held for sale or available for distribution to owners only when it is available for immediate sale or distribution in its current condition. The sale or distribution must be highly probable and expected to be completed within one year from the classification date. In case of subsidiaries or disposal groups to be sold, assessment is required as to whether the proceeds expected to be received will exceed the carrying amount (Note 2.3 and Note 13).

Certain lease contracts entered into by the Group which include extension options that require an assessment of whether such options will be exercised. If it is reasonably certain that an extension option will be exercised, the period covered by the extension option is included in the lease liability. As part of this judgment, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for it to exercise an extension option, including any expected changes in facts and circumstances from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Note 14.7 includes additional information about future payments covered by an extension option not included in the lease term.

As part of Holcim’s strategy to decarbonize its energy mix, the Group is entering into power purchase agreements (PPAs) through partnerships with power producers. These agreements are long-term contracts where Holcim is securing sourcing of power from renewable energy. The structure of the agreements may differ depending on the intention of the parties involved and as such entails applying judgment in determining whether the underlying contracts contain leases or embedded derivatives.

The following details the assumptions the Group makes about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at year-end that could have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year:

Assumptions underlying the estimation of value-in-use in respect of cash-generating units for impairment testing purposes require the use of estimates such as long-term discount rates, growth rates, price, costs and sustainability related key assumptions (Note 6, Note 11.3).

For all acquisitions of subsidiaries, the fair value of the consideration transferred (including any contingent consideration) and the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves a high degree of estimation and judgment (Note 2.3).

Liabilities and costs for defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment benefits are determined using actuarial valuations. The actuarial valuations involve making assumptions regarding discount rates, expected future salary increases and mortality rates, which are subject to significant uncertainty due to the long-term nature of such plans (Note 15.3).

The measurement of site restoration and other environmental provisions requires long-term assumptions regarding the completion of raw material extraction, the costs of restoration and the phasing of the restoration work to be carried out (Note 16.1).

The recognition and measurement of provisions such as litigation provisions or indemnification provisions require an estimate of the expenditure and timing of the settlement. Litigation and claims to which the Group is exposed are assessed by management with the assistance of the legal department and in certain cases with the support of external specialized lawyers (Note 16.2). Disclosures related to such provisions, as well as contingent liabilities, also require significant judgment (Note 16.3).

The recognition of deferred tax assets from tax losses carried forward requires an assessment of whether it is probable that sufficient future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilized (Note 8).

The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions and the calculation of the Group’s tax charge involves a degree of estimation and judgment in respect of certain items. There are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognizes liabilities for potential tax audit issues and uncertain tax positions based on management’s estimate of whether additional taxes will be due and on the requirements of IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments (Note 8).

The critical estimates and assumptions related to climate change-related impacts are presented in Note 1.3.

1.2 Adoption of new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards

The following amendments became effective as of 1 January 2024:

Amendments to IAS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current

The adoption of the amendments to IAS 1 concerning the classification of liabilities as current or non-current did not materially impact the Group financial statements, as the Group was in compliance with all covenants during the reporting period and on the reporting date (Note 14.4).

Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases - Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

The adoption of the amendments to IFRS 16 did not materially impact the Group financial statements, as the Group usually does not employ sale and leaseback transactions as a source of financing.

Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 - Disclosures: Supplier Finance Arrangements

Additional disclosures resulting from the adoption of the amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 are included in Note 10.5.

The following amendments will become effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025:

Amendments to IAS 21, Lack of Exchangeability

Since the Group is active in countries with limited availability of hard currencies, it is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of the amendments to IAS 21. The Group does not expect this standard to have a material impact on its financial statements.

The following amendments will become effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026:

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, Classification and Measurement of Financial Liabilities

The adoption of the above-mentioned amendments might result in additional disclosures on sustainable financing.

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, Nature-dependent Electricity

The targeted update provides clarification concerning the application of the ‘own-use’ requirements in relation to power purchasing agreements and the permission of hedge accounting if these contracts are used as hedging instruments. The Group is currently assessing the impact of these amendments on the financial statements.

The following standards will become effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027:

IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

The Group is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of IFRS 18 on the primary Financial Statements.

IFRS 19, Subsidiaries without Public Accountability

The Group does not expect this standard to have any impact on its operations or financial statements.

The Group has not early adopted any new standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective in these consolidated financial statements.

1.3 Climate change-related impacts

The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future, including climate-related matters. There is considerable uncertainty over these assumptions and how they will impact the Group’s business operations and cash flow projections. Holcim consistently evaluates these assumptions to be consistent with risk management and the commitments made by the company to investors and other stakeholders. The estimates and assumptions, notably those relating to assets and goodwill impairment, useful life of assets, CapEx and research and development, inventory valuation, financial expenses, recoverability of deferred tax assets, provisions and contingent liabilities, and insurance costs are based on the available information and regulations in place as of 31 December 2024.

Risk Management

On Holcim’s journey to become the leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions, the risks in relation to the decarbonization of its own operations remain a key challenge. Based on the Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, Holcim systematically assesses all potential impacts of climate-related risks: both transition risks (risks in relation to Holcim’s decarbonization journey) and physical risks (physical impact of climate change on Holcim’s assets and supply chain).

Regarding transition risks, the decarbonization journey is exposed to major uncertainties, some of which are beyond Holcim’s control. Unfavorable climate policies, slow market acceptance or unsuccessful investments in next generation technologies have the potential to affect Holcim’s business activities and impair the achievement of its CO2 targets. In addition, a perception as a high emitter of CO2 could impact Holcim’s reputation, thus reducing its attractiveness to investors and the workforce talent needed for deep decarbonization. With Holcim’s strategic shift to become a leader in the transition to sustainable building, climate-related risk also entails the capacity to meet customers’ product quality and decarbonization expectations. Indeed, the successful launch of low-carbon products under the global brands ECOPact and ECOPlanet exposes the Group to new threats should the Group be unable to build strong credibility with its customers, document and back-up environmental claims, develop strategic partnerships or promote a marketing- and product-led approach within the Group.

The physical impact of climate change (such as increased regularity of extreme weather events and water scarcity) has the potential to disrupt our operations in both on-site operations and transportation activities, leading to higher logistics and transportation costs and reduced production capacities, business interruptions and even reputational damage. This could increase the Group’s insurance costs due to the higher amounts at stake or more frequent insured events.

The Group takes a holistic approach to climate risks. To accelerate green growth, Holcim is comprehensively transforming its business model to become a major player in decarbonizing buildings across the value chain, to eliminate emissions and build smarter and better with less.

Holcim’s CO2 reduction roadmap for its 2030 and 2050 targets (net-zero pledge) was validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Holcim is accelerating the decarbonization of its own operations to become a net-zero company by switching to low carbon energy, developing new formulations, adopting green mobility and using advanced technologies such as carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS). In total, seven full-scale projects were selected for EU Innovation Fund grants to capture five million tons of CO2 by 2030. The Group is also scaling up innovations and other solutions from increasing the use of low-carbon raw materials produced from construction and demolition materials to replacing slag or fly ash with novel binders such as calcined clay. Holcim continues to explore other opportunities including smart design, novel binders, kiln electrification and the use of hydrogen. However, in line with the financial reporting requirements, the business plans used for assets and goodwill impairment testing only include future investment projects which were approved as of 31 December 2024.

Impairment testing

The cash flow projections used in the impairment process are generally based on a four-year financial planning period using business plans approved by management. Cash flows beyond the planning period are extrapolated based on increasing sustainable cash flows. The business plans include, among others, management’s current view on market growth, pricing and costs. In any event, the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the planning period does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the relevant market for the products and country in which the cash-generating unit operates. The long-term average growth rate is based on the long-term inflation rate and gross domestic product of the relevant market, as published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

Useful lives of assets

Useful lives of assets may be affected by climate-related matters due to transitional risks such as obsolescence and legal restrictions or physical risks, as operations could be adversely impacted by extreme variability in weather patterns. The change in useful lives has a direct impact on the amount of depreciation or amortization recognized each year. Management’s review of useful lives considers the impact of the Group’s 2030 targets. The various input factors and the residual values used for the calculation of useful lives are reviewed annually.

CapEx and R&D

The transition to lower-emission technologies will impact the allocation of future CapEx. The Group’s research and development (R&D) expenditures will be aligned with the Group’s R&D strategy to focus on new and alternative technologies as a result of diverse research initiatives that will either impact CapEx or R&D costs in the statement of income, depending on the success of the initiatives.

Sustainable finance framework

In 2023, Holcim implemented a sustainable finance framework, which will enable the issuance of green finance instruments to finance activities that are aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation or which contribute to the transformation of the cement activities so that they can fulfill the criteria in order to become aligned. Green finance instruments are used for the funding of projects with a positive environmental impact, i.e. eligibility is based on their contribution to the attainment of lower-emission manufacturing, the development of energy-efficient building solutions as well as the sourcing of renewable energy and use of clean transportation. Holcim had not yet issued any green instruments as of year-end 2024.

Sustainability-linked financing contains features through which the cost of funding relates to meeting specific sustainability performance targets. This could impact the Group’s financial expenses in the event the Group does not reach the targets that have been set.

Litigation and site restoration provisions

Climate-related matters may affect the level of provisions recognized, including site restoration and litigation provisions, as a result of the levies imposed by governments for failure to meet climate-related targets, or new regulations, requirements to remediate environmental damages on Holcim’s sites, or due to existing obligations now being considered more likely. Some contracts may become onerous as a result of climate-related changes, which would potentially decrease the Group’s revenue or increase its operating costs.

Emission rights

The initial allocation of emission rights granted is recognized at nominal amount (nil value). Where a Group company has emissions in excess of the emission rights granted, it will recognize a provision for the shortfall based on the market price at that date. The emission rights are held for compliance purposes only, and, therefore, the Group does not intend to speculate with these in the open market.

2. Fully consolidated companies and non-controlling interests

2.1 Scope of consolidation

The Consolidated Financial Statements comprise those of Holcim Ltd and of its subsidiaries. The list of principal consolidated companies is presented in Note 2.4.

2.2 Accounting principles

Principles of consolidation

The Group consolidates a subsidiary if it has an interest of more than one half of the voting rights or otherwise it considers that it has power over the subsidiary when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the current and practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the subsidiary unilaterally and is exposed to variable returns from the subsidiary. Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured at the fair value of the consideration given as of the date of exchange.

For each business combination, the Group measures the non-controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition costs incurred are expensed in the income statement within operating profit. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are initially measured at fair value as of the acquisition date.

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as of the acquisition date.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the carrying amount of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value as of the acquisition date, with any resulting gain or loss recognized in the statement of income.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognized in the statement of income.

Contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at the higher of the amount that would be recognized as a provision and the amount initially recognized.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and are no longer consolidated from the date that control ceases.

Changes in the ownership interest in a subsidiary that does not result in a loss of control are accounted for as an equity transaction. Consequently, if Holcim acquires or partially disposes of non-controlling interests in a subsidiary, without losing control, any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in retained earnings. However, if the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognizes all the assets (plus goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, including the carrying amount of any non-controlling interests.

Additionally, the Group reclassifies the currency translation adjustments relating to that subsidiary recognized in equity and records the resulting difference as a gain or loss on disposal in the statement of income.

It is common practice for the Group to write put options and acquire call options in connection with the remaining shares held by the non-controlling shareholders, mainly as part of a business combination. If the Group has acquired a present ownership interest as part of a business combination, the present value of the redemption amount of the put option is recognized as a financial liability, with any excess over the carrying amount of the non-controlling interests recognized as goodwill. In such a case, the non-controlling interests is deemed to have been acquired as of the acquisition date and therefore any excess arising should follow the accounting treatment as in a business combination. All subsequent changes in the fair value of the financial liability are recognized in the statement of income and no earnings are attributed to the non-controlling interests. However, where the Group has not acquired a present ownership interest as part of a business combination, the non-controlling interests continue to receive an allocation of profit or loss and are reclassified as a financial liability at each reporting date as if the acquisition had taken place on that date. Any excess over the reclassified carrying amount of the non-controlling interests and all subsequent changes in the fair value of the financial liability are recognized directly in retained earnings.

Foreign currency translation

The assets and liabilities of each of the Group’s companies are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). Statements of income of foreign entities are translated into the Group’s reporting currency (Swiss francs) at average exchange rates for the year, and statements of financial position are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on 31 December.

Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign operation is expressed in the functional currency of the foreign operation and is translated into Swiss francs at the closing rate of the reporting period (for more information, see Note 11.3).

Foreign currency transactions translated into the functional currency are accounted for at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transactions; gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the statement of income, except when deferred outside the statement of income as qualifying cash flow hedges or net investment hedges.

Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of a company’s net investment in a foreign operation are recognized in other comprehensive earnings (currency translation adjustment) and are fully reclassified to the statement of income should the Group lose control of a subsidiary, lose joint control over an interest in a joint arrangement or lose significant influence over an associate. When a foreign operation is partially disposed of or sold, exchange differences that were recorded in equity are recognized in the statement of income as part of the net gain or loss on sale, except for a partial disposal of a subsidiary without loss of control, where a proportionate share of the cumulative currency translation adjustments is re-attributed to non-controlling interests and not recognized in the statement of income.

In countries with limited foreign currency availability and where several exchange rates are available, the Group has applied the rate at which the future cash flows represented by the transaction or balance could have been settled if those cash flows had occurred at the measurement date. If exchangeability between two currencies is temporarily lacking, the rate used is the first subsequent rate at which exchanges could be made.

Hyperinflation

Since 31 December 2018, the Group has applied IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies for Argentina. In accordance with IAS 29, the financial statements for Argentina are expressed in terms of the measuring unit current as of 31 December 2024 and 2023. Monetary assets and liabilities are not restated as they are already expressed in the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period, whereas all non-monetary items such as inventory, property, plant and equipment and equity recorded at historical rates are restated in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of December 2024 and 2023.

The resulting gain of CHF 61 million (2023: CHF 25 million) on the net liability monetary position was recorded as part of production cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of income.

The restatement of equity by CHF 232 million (2023: CHF 145 million) was reflected as an increase in retained earnings, of which CHF 35 million (2023: CHF 21 million) was attributable to non-controlling interests. The restated financial statements for Argentina are translated into Swiss francs at the exchange rate applicable as of 31 December 2024 and 2023 and the organic growth of the country is adjusted to limit the impact of hyperinflation.

Inflation in Lebanon has increased significantly and the three-year cumulative inflation exceeded 100% in July 2020. No hyperinflation accounting was applied for the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, as the impact is considered immaterial.

Principal exchange rates 

                              Statement of income      Statement of financial position
                              Average exchange rates   Closing exchange rates
                              in CHF                   in CHF
                              2024                     2023   31.12.2024   31.12.2023
 100 Argentinian Peso   ARS   0.08                     0.09   0.08         0.09
 1 Australian Dollar    AUD   0.58                     0.60   0.56         0.57
 1 Canadian Dollar      CAD   0.64                     0.67   0.63         0.64
 1 Chinese Renminbi     CNY   0.12                     0.13   0.12         0.12
 100 Algerian Dinar     DZD   0.66                     0.66   0.67         0.63
 1 Euro                 EUR   0.95                     0.97   0.94         0.93
 1 British Pound        GBP   1.12                     1.12   1.13         1.07
 100 Mexican Peso       MXN   4.83                     5.07   4.36         4.97
 100 Nigerian Naira     NGN   0.06                     0.10   0.06         0.07
 100 Philippine Peso    PHP   1.54                     1.61   1.56         1.52
 1 Polish Zloty         PLN   0.22                     0.21   0.22         0.21
 1 Romanian Leu         RON   0.19                     0.20   0.19         0.19
 1 US Dollar            USD   0.88                     0.90   0.90         0.84


2.3 Changes in the scope of consolidation

As part of its strategy, Holcim completed several acquisitions and disposals in the past two years.

Acquisitions of businesses 

 Million CHF                                                    Total 20241   Total 20231   Duro-Last   Others1
 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date:                                          
 Cash and cash equivalents                                      59            47            10          37
 Other current assets                                           151           284           112         172
 Property, plant and equipment                                  450           492           68          424
 Intangible assets                                              293           662           443         219
 Other long-term assets                                         12            21            19          3
 Bank overdrafts                                                0             (2)           0           (2)
 Other current liabilities                                      (137)         (167)         (54)        (112)
 Long-term provisions                                           (22)          (82)          (21)        (61)
 Other long-term liabilities                                    (139)         (117)         (3)         (114)
 Fair value of net assets                                       668           1,138         573         565
 Goodwill acquired:                                                                                    
 Fair value of net assets                                       (668)         (1,138)       (573)       (565)
 Non-controlling interests                                      18            8             0           8
 Fair value of net assets acquired                              (650)         (1,130)       (573)       (557)
 Total purchase consideration                                   1,195         1,969         1,203       766
 Fair value of previously held equity interests                 16            6             0           6
 Goodwill acquired                                              561           845           630         215
 Cash outflow on acquisitions:                                                                         
 Total purchase consideration                                   1,195         1,969         1,203       766
 Purchase consideration in the form of shares                   (4)                                    
 Acquired cash and cash equivalents net of bank overdrafts      (59)          (45)          (10)        (35)
 Deferred and advance considerations2                           (148)         52            0           52
 Cash outflow from acquisitions                                 984           1,975         1,193       782


1 Including purchase price allocation refinements from prior-year acquisitions.

2 Deferred and advance considerations include future expected cash out related to current-year acquisitions (CHF 104 million at the end of 2024).

Acquisitions in the current reporting period

In 2024, Holcim acquired the following businesses:

Mendiger Basalt, a producer of aggregates and recycled construction demolition materials, Germany (January 2024)

ZinCo, a manufacturer and designer of sustainable green roofing systems, Germany (January 2024)

Grupo Comosa Company’s ready-mix business, a producer of ready-mix materials, Mexico (March 2024)

Eurobud’s ready-mix operations in selected markets, Poland (May 2024)

Tensolite, a manufacturer of innovative precast and prestressed concrete construction systems, Argentina (May 2024)

Land Recovery, a supplier of recycled construction materials and aggregates, UK (May 2024)

Cand-Landi, a producer of construction materials and provider of recycling, earth moving, logistics and pipeline maintenance services, Switzerland (June 2024)

Bantle Gips, a gypsum quarries and landfill operator, Germany (June 2024)

King William Sand & Gravel, a sand and gravel supply business, U.S. (July 2024)

Mark Desmedt, a company recycling construction demolition materials, Belgium (July 2024)

CemEnergy, a waste management and alternative fuels producer, Poland (July 2024)

Comacsa, a white cement and industrial non-metallic minerals businesses entity, Peru (August 2024)

Sablières de l’Atlantique, a marine alluvial sand dredging company, France (September 2024)

Mixercon, a cement and ready-mix production, marketing and supply cement and ready-mix business, Peru (September 2024)

Cemex operations in Guatemala, companies operating in the production, marketing and supply of cement and ready-mix materials, Guatemala (September 2024)

Seekag, a ready-mix company, Switzerland (October 2024)

Dunex Plus, a production and pumping company, Serbia (October 2024)

OX Engineered Products, a U.S. provider of advanced insulation systems, U.S. (November 2024)

Sekundar Usluge d.o.o., a waste management and alternative fuels producer, Croatia (November 2024)

Ghielmicementi SA, a cement distribution company, Switzerland (December 2024)

Rock 2023, an aggregate company, Bulgaria (December 2024)

Certain aggregates operations from Carrières du Sud Ouest, France (December 2024)

All acquisitions aggregated contributed CHF 232 million to the Group’s net sales in 2024. If the acquisitions had occurred on 1 January 2024, the contribution to Group net sales would have been CHF 560 million.

Acquisitions in the comparative period

Acquisition of Duro-Last in 2023

In February 2023, Holcim signed an agreement to acquire Duro-Last, a U.S. manufacturer of PVC roofing systems. The acquisition was completed on 31 March 2023 when Holcim acquired 100% of the voting equity shares for a consideration of CHF 1,203 million (USD 1,313 million) in cash.

As of 31 December 2023, the purchase price allocation (PPA) was completed with no material refinements. The value of the intangible assets acquired amounted to CHF 443 million and mainly reflected the recognition of customer relationships, trademarks and technology. The final fair value of the net assets acquired was CHF 573 million.

The results of Duro-Last are reported within the Solutions & Products operating segment.

Other acquisitions in the comparative period

In 2023, Holcim’s main acquisitions included the following businesses:

Chrono Chape, a provider of on-site self-levelling screeds, France (January 2023)

Nicem, a producer of grounded calcium carbonate, Italy (January 2023)

Pioneer Landscape Centers, sand and aggregates quarries, U.S. (January 2023)

Ol-Trans, a ready-mix concrete supplier, Poland (January 2023)

Indar, a hardware wholesaler, Mexico (January 2023)

Fanger Kies und Beton, a ready-mix concrete and aggregates producer, Switzerland (February 2023)

Beton Zdrug d.o.o., an aggregates producer, Croatia (February 2023)

HM Factory, a provider of precast concrete solutions, Poland (February 2023)

FDT Flachdach Technologie GmbH, a manufacturer of thermoplastic roofs, Germany (March 2023)

Sivyer Logistics, a producer of recycled construction and demolition materials, UK (March 2023)

Tezak Heavy Equipment, an aggregates producer, U.S. (March 2023)

Stones Business Development, an aggregates producer, Romania (March 2023)

Westridge Quarries, an aggregates producer, Canada (April 2023)

PASA, a producer of roofing and waterproofing solutions, Mexico (April 2023)

Quitam (Quimexur), a producer of liquid membranes for roofing and waterproofing applications, Argentina (May 2023)

Besblock Ltd, a supplier of precast materials, UK (May 2023)

Minerales y Agregados, a producer of advanced mortars and adhesive, Guatemala (May 2023)

Klaus Heinz Group, a ready-mix concrete and recycled construction and demolition materials producer, Germany (May 2023)

Larsinos, a ready-mix concrete and aggregates producer, Greece (May 2023)

Cooper Standard Technical Rubber GmbH, a manufacturer of highly durable and technical rubber products, Germany (July 2023)

OCL Regeneration Ltd, a company specialized in highways waste recycling solutions, UK (August 2023)

Vic Mix Pty Ltd, a ready-mix concrete supplier, Australia (September 2023)

Elite Cements S.L., a coastal grinding station, Spain (October 2023)

Ready-mix operations from AML Ltd, New Zealand (November 2023)

A majority stake in Artepref, a provider of precast concrete solutions, Spain (December 2023)

W.A.T.T. Recycling, waste management company that produces alternative fuels, Greece (December 2023)

Eco-Readymix, a producer of mortar and ready-mix concrete, UK (December 2023)

All acquisitions aggregated, excluding Duro-Last, contributed CHF 407 million to the Group’s net sales in 2023. If the acquisitions had occurred on 1 January 2023, the contribution to Group net sales would have been CHF 729 million.

Disposals of businesses

In 2024, the disposals were as follows:

Sale of the business in Russia (February 2024)

Sale of the business in Uganda (March 2024)

Sale of the business in Tanzania, representing a 65% stake in the company (March 2024)

Sale of the business in South Africa (April 2024)

Sale of the business in Kenya, representing a 58.6% stake in the company (December 2024) 

 Million CHF                                                 Total 2024
 Cash and cash equivalents                                   43
 Other current assets                                        285
 Property, plant and equipment                               310
 Intangible assets                                           1
 Other long-term assets                                      3
 Bank overdrafts                                             (7)
 Other current liabilities                                   (205)
 Long-term provisions                                        (10)
 Other long-term liabilities                                 (50)
 Net assets                                                  369
 Non-controlling interests                                   (82)
 Net assets disposed of                                      287
 Goodwill disposed                                           99
 Cumulative other comprehensive income                       195
 Net loss on disposals before taxes                          (92)
 Tax and other expenses                                      43
 Total disposal consideration                                533
 Disposed cash and cash equivalents net of bank overdrafts   (36)
 Tax and disposal costs paid                                 (23)
 Deferred consideration                                      (1)
 Cash inflow from disposals                                  472


In 2023, there were no material disposals of business.

Significant pending transactions

In 2024, Holcim initiated the following transactions:

Holcim is progressing on the planned full capital market separation of its North American business. The transaction is subject to shareholder approval at the Holcim Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2025 and subject to customary approvals. Therefore, management has assessed and concluded that the requirements to present its North American business as held for distribution to owners are not yet met.

Holcim has signed an agreement with Huaxin Cement Ltd to divest its Nigerian business through the sale of its entire 83.81% shareholding in Lafarge Africa PLC. The transaction is subject to customary and regulatory approvals.

2.4 Principal consolidated companies of the Group

The following table lists the principal subsidiaries controlled by Holcim Ltd, Grafenauweg 10, CH-6300 Zug. It includes all legal entities representing at least 30% of the net sales of the country in which it operates. 

 Region / Company                                  Country              Municipality        Share Capital as of 31 December 2024 in million local currency
 Asia Pacific                                                                                    
 Holcim (Australia) Pty Ltd                        Australia            North Sydney        AUD   1,120
 LafargeHolcim Bangladesh PLC                      Bangladesh           Dhaka               BDT   11,614
 Lafarge Dujiangyan Cement Co., Ltd                China                Dujiangyan City     CNY   857
 Jiangyou LafargeHolcim Shuangma Cement Co., Ltd   China                Jiangyou City       CNY   200
 Holcim (New Zealand) Ltd                          New Zealand          Christchurch        NZD   34
 Holcim Philippines Inc.                           Philippines          Taguig City         PHP   6,452
 Latin America                                                                                   
 Holcim (Argentina) S.A.                           Argentina            Cordoba             ARS   366
 Holcim (Colombia) S.A.                            Colombia             Bogotà              COP   217,343
 Holcim (Costa Rica) S.A.                          Costa Rica           San José            CRC   8,577
 Holcim (Ecuador) S.A.                             Ecuador              Guayaquil           USD   61
 Cemento Holcim de El Salvador S.A. de C.V.        El Salvador          Antiguo Cuscatlán   USD   10
 Holcim Concretos El Salvador, S.A. de C.V.        El Salvador          Colón               USD   n.m.1
 Société des Ciments Antillais                     French West Indies   Baie-Mahault        EUR   3
 Cemento Holcim Guatemala S.A.                     Guatemala            Guatemala city      GTQ   127
 Minerales y Agregados S.A.                        Guatemala            Guatemala city      GTQ   19
 Holcim México Operaciones S.A. de C.V.            Mexico               Mexico City         MXN   5,877
 Holcim (Nicaragua) S.A.                           Nicaragua            Managua             NIO   19
 Compañía Minera Agregados Calcareos S.A.          Peru                 Lima                PEN   80
 Mixercon S.A.                                     Peru                 Lima                PEN   124


 Region / Company                                  Cement   Aggregates   Ready-Mix Concrete   Solutions & Products   Percent of interest
 Asia Pacific                                                                                                       
 Holcim (Australia) Pty Ltd                                 ?            ?                    ?                      100.0%
 LafargeHolcim Bangladesh PLC                      ?        ?                                                        29.4%
 Lafarge Dujiangyan Cement Co., Ltd                ?        ?                                                        75.0%
 Jiangyou LafargeHolcim Shuangma Cement Co., Ltd   ?                                                                 100.0%
 Holcim (New Zealand) Ltd                          ?        ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim Philippines Inc.                           ?        ?                                 ?                      99.0%
 Latin America                                                                                                      
 Holcim (Argentina) S.A.                           ?        ?            ?                    ?                      83.1%
 Holcim (Colombia) S.A.                            ?        ?            ?                    ?                      100.0%
 Holcim (Costa Rica) S.A.                          ?        ?            ?                    ?                      66.4%
 Holcim (Ecuador) S.A.                             ?        ?            ?                    ?                      92.2%
 Cemento Holcim de El Salvador S.A. de C.V.        ?                                          ?                      95.4%
 Holcim Concretos El Salvador, S.A. de C.V.                              ?                                           94.0%
 Société des Ciments Antillais                     ?                                                                 69.7%
 Cemento Holcim Guatemala S.A.                     ?                     ?                                           100.0%
 Minerales y Agregados S.A.                                                                   ?                      52.0%
 Holcim México Operaciones S.A. de C.V.            ?        ?            ?                    ?                      100.0%
 Holcim (Nicaragua) S.A.                           ?                     ?                    ?                      53.1%
 Compañía Minera Agregados Calcareos S.A.          ?                                          ?                      100.0%
 Mixercon S.A.                                     ?                     ?                                           100.0%


1 n.m.: not material. 

 Region / Company                         Country          Municipality          Share Capital as of 31 December 2024 in million local currency
 Europe                                                                               
 Holcim (Österreich) GmbH                 Austria          Vienna                EUR   3
 Holcim (Azerbaijan) O.J.S.C.             Azerbaijan       Baku                  AZN   32
 Holcim (Belgique) S.A.                   Belgium          Nivelles              EUR   110
 Holcim Solutions and Products EMEA BV    Belgium          Zaventem              EUR   9
 Holcim (Bulgaria) AD                     Bulgaria         Beli Izvor            BGN   1
 Holcim (Hrvatska) d.o.o.                 Croatia          Koromacno             EUR   38
 Holcim (Cesko), a.s.                     Czech Republic   Cizkovice             CZK   1,143
 Lafarge Bétons                           France           Issy-les-Moulineaux   EUR   38
 Lafarge Ciments                          France           Issy-les-Moulineaux   EUR   113
 Lafarge Ciments Distribution             France           Issy-les-Moulineaux   EUR   17
 Lafarge Granulats                        France           Issy-les-Moulineaux   EUR   19
 PRB Produits de revêtement du Batiment   France           Les Achards           EUR   2
 Holcim (Deutschland) GmbH                Germany          Hamburg               EUR   47
 Holcim (Süddeutschland) GmbH             Germany          Dotternhausen         EUR   6
 Holcim Kies und Splitt GmbH              Germany          Hamburg               EUR   n.m.1
 Holcim Beton und Betonwaren GmbH         Germany          Hamburg               EUR   n.m.1
 Heracles General Cement Company S.A.     Greece           Lykovrysi             EUR   121
 Lafarge Beton Industrial Commercial SA   Greece           Lykovrysi             EUR   35
 Holcim Hungary Ltd.                      Hungary          Szentl?rinc           HUF   1,000
 Holcim (Italia) S.p.a.                   Italy            Milano                EUR   26
 Holcim Aggregati Calcestruzzi s.r.l.     Italy            Milano                EUR   11
 Lafarge Ciment (Moldova) S.A.            Moldova          Rezina                MDL   223
 Holcim Polska.2                          Poland           Ma?ogoszcz            PLN   811
 Holcim Kruszywa SP z.o.o.3               Poland           Warsaw                PLN   370
 Holcim (Romania) S.A.                    Romania          Bucharest             RON   205
 Somaco Grup Prefabricate SRL             Romania          Bucharest             RON   50
 Lafarge BFC Srbija doo Beocin            Serbia           Beocin                RSD   5,124
 Holcim, Prodaja cementa, d.o.o.          Slovenia         Trbovlje              EUR   6
 Holcim España, S.A.U                     Spain            Madrid                EUR   221
 Cand-Landi S.A.                          Switzerland      Grandson              CHF   1
 Holcim (Schweiz) AG                      Switzerland      Zurich                CHF   71
 Holcim Kies und Beton AG                 Switzerland      Zurich                CHF   30
 Holcim Trading Ltd                       Switzerland      Zurich                USD   4
 Aggregate Industries UK Ltd.             UK               Leicester             GBP   n.m.1
 Lafarge Cauldon Limited                  UK               Leicester             GBP   n.m.1


 Region / Company                         Cement   Aggregates   Ready-Mix Concrete   Solutions & Products   Percent of interest
 Europe                                                                                                    
 Holcim (Österreich) GmbH                 ?                                                                 70.0%
 Holcim (Azerbaijan) O.J.S.C.             ?                                                                 90.3%
 Holcim (Belgique) S.A.                   ?        ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim Solutions and Products EMEA BV                                               ?                      100.0%
 Holcim (Bulgaria) AD                     ?                     ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim (Hrvatska) d.o.o.                 ?        ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim (Cesko), a.s.                     ?                                                                 68.0%
 Lafarge Bétons                                                 ?                                           100.0%
 Lafarge Ciments                          ?                                                                 100.0%
 Lafarge Ciments Distribution             ?                                                                 100.0%
 Lafarge Granulats                                 ?                                                        100.0%
 PRB Produits de revêtement du Batiment                                              ?                      100.0%
 Holcim (Deutschland) GmbH                ?                                                                 100.0%
 Holcim (Süddeutschland) GmbH             ?                                                                 100.0%
 Holcim Kies und Splitt GmbH                       ?                                                        100.0%
 Holcim Beton und Betonwaren GmbH                               ?                                           100.0%
 Heracles General Cement Company S.A.     ?                                          ?                      100.0%
 Lafarge Beton Industrial Commercial SA            ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim Hungary Ltd.                      ?                                                                 70.0%
 Holcim (Italia) S.p.a.                   ?                                                                 100.0%
 Holcim Aggregati Calcestruzzi s.r.l.              ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Lafarge Ciment (Moldova) S.A.            ?                                                                 95.3%
 Holcim Polska.2                          ?        ?            ?                    ?                      100.0%
 Holcim Kruszywa SP z.o.o.3                        ?                                                        100.0%
 Holcim (Romania) S.A.                    ?        ?            ?                    ?                      99.7%
 Somaco Grup Prefabricate SRL                                                        ?                      99.7%
 Lafarge BFC Srbija doo Beocin            ?        ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim, Prodaja cementa, d.o.o.          ?                                                                 70.0%
 Holcim España, S.A.U                     ?                     ?                    ?                      100.0%
 Cand-Landi S.A.                                                                     ?                      100.0%
 Holcim (Schweiz) AG                      ?        ?                                                        100.0%
 Holcim Kies und Beton AG                          ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim Trading Ltd                                                                                         100.0%
 Aggregate Industries UK Ltd.                      ?            ?                    ?                      100.0%
 Lafarge Cauldon Limited                  ?                                                                 100.0%


1 n.m.: not material.

2 Former Lafarge Lafarge Cement S.A.

3 Former Lafarge Kruszywa i Beton Sp. z o.o. 

 Region / Company                        Country   Municipality   Share Capital as of 31 December 2024 in million local currency
 North America                                                         
 Lafarge Canada Inc.                     Canada    Toronto        CAD   n.a.2
 Holcim (US) Inc.                        U.S.      Chicago        USD   n.m.1
 Holcim - ACM Management, Inc.           U.S.      Chicago        USD   n.m.1
 Holcim Solutions and Products US, LLC   U.S.      Nashville      USD   n.a.2
 Herbert Malarkey Roofing Company        U.S.      Portland       USD   n.a.2
 Middle East & Africa                                                  
 Lafarge Ciment de M'sila "LCM"          Algeria   Algiers        DZD   7,257
 Lafarge Ciment d'Oggaz "LCO"            Algeria   Algiers        DZD   3,848
 Cilas Spa                               Algeria   Algiers        DZD   138
 Lafarge Cement Egypt S.A.E.             Egypt     Cairo          EGP   826
 Lafarge Ready Mix S.A.E.                Egypt     Cairo          EGP   635
 Bazian Cement Company Limited           Iraq      Sulaimaniyah   IQD   221,834
 Karbala Cement Manufacturing Ltd        Iraq      Karbala        IQD   49,735
 Jordan Cement Factories Co. Plc.3       Jordan    Amman          JOD   60
 Holcim (Liban) S.A.L.                   Lebanon   Beirut         LBP   97,580
 Ashakacem Plc.4                         Nigeria   Gombe          NGN   1,120
 Lafarge Africa Plc.4                    Nigeria   Lagos          NGN   8,054
 Lafarge Emirates Cement L.L.C.          UAE       Dubai          AED   323
 Readymix Gulf Co Limited                UAE       Sharjah        AED   8


 Region / Company                        Cement   Aggregates   Ready-Mix Concrete   Solutions & Products   Percent of interest
 North America                                                                                            
 Lafarge Canada Inc.                     ?        ?            ?                    ?                      100.0%
 Holcim (US) Inc.                        ?                                                                 100.0%
 Holcim - ACM Management, Inc.                    ?            ?                                           100.0%
 Holcim Solutions and Products US, LLC                                              ?                      100.0%
 Herbert Malarkey Roofing Company                                                   ?                      100.0%
 Middle East & Africa                                                                                     
 Lafarge Ciment de M'sila "LCM"          ?                                                                 100.0%
 Lafarge Ciment d'Oggaz "LCO"            ?                                                                 100.0%
 Cilas Spa                               ?                                                                 49.0%
 Lafarge Cement Egypt S.A.E.             ?                                                                 95.7%
 Lafarge Ready Mix S.A.E.                                      ?                                           100.0%
 Bazian Cement Company Limited           ?                                          ?                      70.0%
 Karbala Cement Manufacturing Ltd        ?                                                                 51.0%
 Jordan Cement Factories Co. Plc.3       ?                     ?                                           50.3%
 Holcim (Liban) S.A.L.                   ?                                                                 52.1%
 Ashakacem Plc.4                         ?                                                                 83.8%
 Lafarge Africa Plc.4                    ?                                                                 83.8%
 Lafarge Emirates Cement L.L.C.          ?                                                                 100.0%
 Readymix Gulf Co Limited                                      ?                                           69.4%


1 n.m.: not material.

2 n.a.: not applicable.

3 Former Jordan Cement Factories Company P.S.C.

4 As of 31 December 2024, entities under divestment process. The transaction is subject to customary and regulatory approvals.

Holcim Innovation Centers

The following table lists the legal entities where the majority of employees are dedicated to research and development (R&D) and intellectual property. 

 Company                    Country       Municipality               Share Capital as of 31 December 2024 in million local currency   Percent of interest
 Holcim Technology Ltd      Switzerland   Zug                        CHF                                                              10   100.0%
 Holcim Innovation Center   France        Saint-Quentin- Fallavier   EUR                                                              23   100.0%


Principal finance, business services center and holding companies

The following table lists the principal finance, business services center and holding companies controlled by Holcim. It includes all entities with more than CHF 500 million of assets and direct participation in operational companies or with external financing over CHF 100 million over the last two years, and with more than 100 employees.

Principal finance, business services center and holding companies 

 Company                                                       Country       Municipality           Share Capital as of 31 December 2024 in million local currency   Percent of interest
 Holcim Finance (Australia) Pty Ltd                            Australia     North Sydney           AUD                                                              n.m.1   100%
 Holcim (Australia) Holdings Pty Ltd                           Australia     North Sydney           AUD                                                              1,444   100%
 Holcibel S.A.                                                 Belgium       Mons                   EUR                                                              691     100%
 Holcrest S.A.S.                                               Colombia      Medellin               COP                                                              1,795   100%
 Financière Lafarge S.A.S.                                     France        Issy-les-Moulineaux    EUR                                                              4,069   100%
 Holcim Investments (France) S.A.S.                            France        Issy-les-Moulineauxx   EUR                                                              136     100%
 Lafarge S.A.                                                  France        Issy-les-Moulineaux    EUR                                                              1,161   100%
 Société financière immobilière et mobilière "SOFIMO" S.A.S.   France        Issy les Moulineaux    EUR                                                              1,055   100%
 Holcim Auslandbeteiligungs GmbH                               Germany       Hamburg                EUR                                                              3       100%
 Holcim Beteiligungs GmbH                                      Germany       Hamburg                EUR                                                              102     100%
 Holcim Services (South Asia) Limited                          India         Navi Mumbai            INR                                                              10      100%
 LH Global Hub Services Private Limited                        India         Navi Mumbai            INR                                                              160     100%
 Holcim Gruppo (Italia) S.p.a.                                 Italy         Milan                  EUR                                                              9       100%
 Holcim Finance (Luxembourg) S.A.                              Luxembourg    Luxembourg             EUR                                                              2       100%
 Holcim US Finance (Luxembourg) S.A.                           Luxembourg    Luxembourg             USD                                                              n.m.1   100%
 Caricement B.V.                                               Netherlands   Amsterdam              EUR                                                              m.n.1   100%
 Holchin B.V.                                                  Netherlands   Amsterdam              EUR                                                              n.m.1   100%
 Holcim Sterling Finance (Netherlands) B.V.                    Netherlands   Amsterdam              GBP                                                              n.m.1   100%
 Holderfin B.V.                                                Netherlands   Amsterdam              EUR                                                              4       100%
 Holcim European Business Services s.r.o.                      Slovakia      Kosice                 EUR                                                              2       100%
 Holcim EMEA Digital Center, S.L.                              Spain         Madrid                 EUR                                                              n.m.1   100%
 Holcim Investments (Spain), S.L.                              Spain         Madrid                 EUR                                                              174     100%
 Holcim Continental Finance Ltd3                               Switzerland   Zug                    EUR                                                              54      100%
 Holcim Group Services Ltd                                     Switzerland   Zug                    CHF                                                              1       100%
 Holcim Helvetia Finance Ltd                                   Switzerland   Zug                    CHF                                                              10      100%
 Holcim International Finance Ltd4                             Switzerland   Zug                    USD                                                              58      100%
 Holdertrade Ltd                                               Switzerland   Zug                    CHF                                                              2       100%
 Marine Cement AG4                                             Switzerland   Zug                    USD                                                              17      100%
 Aggregate Industries Holdings Limited                         UK            Leicester              GBP                                                              n.m.1   100%
 Holcim Finance US LLC                                         U.S.          Wilmington             USD                                                              n.a.2   100%
 Holcim Participations (US) Inc.                               U.S.          Chicago                USD                                                              n.m.1   100%


1 n.m.: not material.

2 n.a.: not applicable.

3 Change in currency from CHF to EUR.

4 Change in currency from CHF to USD.

Listed Group companies 

 Region / Company                   Country      Municipality   Place of listing    Market capitalization aA 31 December 2024 in local currency   Security code number
 Asia Pacific                                                                                                                                                
 LafargeHolcim Bangladesh Limited   Bangladesh   Dhaka          Chittagong, Dhaka   BDT                                                           62,598      BD0643LSCL09
 Latin America                                                                                                                                               
 Holcim (Argentina) S.A.            Argentina    Cordoba        Buenos Aires        ARS                                                           793,662     ARP6806N1051
 Holcim (Costa Rica) S.A.           Costa Rica   San José       San José            CRC                                                           107,217     CRINC00A0010
 Holcim (Ecuador) S.A.              Ecuador      Guayaquil      Quito, Guayaquil    USD                                                           881         ECP516721068
 Middle East & Africa                                                                                                                                        
 Holcim (Liban) S.A.L.              Lebanon      Beirut         Beirut              USD                                                           1,368       LB0000012833
 Lafarge Africa Plc.1               Nigeria      Lagos          Lagos               NGN                                                           1,126,740   NGWAPCO00002


1 As of 31 December 2024, entity under divestment process. The transaction is subject to customary and regulatory approvals.

2.5 Non-controlling interests

Holcim has no individually material non-controlling interests.

3. Segment reporting

3.1 Accounting principles

Segment reporting is aligned with the internal management structure, reflecting the way Holcim’s chief operating decision maker (i.e., the Group Chief Executive Officer) is regularly reviewing the operating results. The four regional segments of North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia, Middle East & Africa include only the cement, aggregates and ready-mix concrete products. The separate segment of Solutions & Products is reported globally.

The five segments are as follows:

North America

Latin America

Europe

Asia, Middle East & Africa

Solutions & Products

Each of the above operating segments derives its revenues largely from the sales of the following four product lines:

Cement, which comprises clinker, cement and other cementitious materials (CEM)

Aggregates (AGG)

Ready-mix concrete (RMX)

Solutions & Products, which comprises precast, concrete products, asphalts, mortars, roofing systems, insulation systems, tile adhesives, facade solution and contracting and services (S&P)

Trading activities are classified largely as “Cement” to better reflect the nature of the operations to which it relates.

Group financing (including financing costs and financing income) and income taxes are managed on a Group basis and are not allocated to any operating segment. Segment revenues and segment results include transfers between segments. Those transfers are eliminated on consolidation.

3.2 Operating segments

Information by operating segment 

                                                                                                       North America   Latin America
                                                                                                       2024            2023     2024    2023
 Statement of income (Million CHF)                                                                                                     
 Net sales to external customers                                                                       6,360           6,711    2,882   2,861
 Net sales to other segments                                                                           153             139      18      25
 Total net sales                                                                                       6,513           6,849    2,901   2,887
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         2,132           1,981    1,184   1,109
 Recurring EBITDA after leases margin in %                                                             32.7            28.9     40.8    38.4
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        1,624           1,483    1,044   985
 Recurring EBIT margin in %                                                                            24.9            21.7     36.0    34.1
 Operating profit (loss)                                                                               1,603           1,449    1,041   980
 Operating profit (loss) margin in %                                                                   24.6            21.2     35.9    33.9
 Reconciliation of measures of profit and loss to the consolidated statement of income                                                 
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         2,132           1,981    1,184   1,109
 Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment, intangible and other long-term assets  (508)           (498)    (140)   (124)
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        1,624           1,483    1,044   985
 Impairment of operating assets                                                                        (2)             (12)     (1)     0
 Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs                                               (19)            (22)     (2)     (5)
 Operating profit (loss)                                                                               1,603           1,449    1,041   980
 Profit on disposals and other non-operating income                                                                                    
 Loss on disposals and other non-operating expenses                                                                                    
 Share of profit of associates                                                                                                         
 Financial income                                                                                                                      
 Financial expenses                                                                                                                    
 Net income before taxes                                                                                                               
 Statement of financial position (Million CHF)                                                                                         
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                          51              51       3       3
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                         6,506           6,165    1,912   1,573
 Goodwill                                                                                              4,391           4,197    1,187   1,005
 Intangible assets                                                                                     194             191      43      21
 Reconciliation of measures of Statement of financial position (Million CHF)                                                           
 Unallocated assets                                                                                                                    
 Total assets                                                                                                                          
 Personnel (unaudited)                                                                                                                 
 Number of personnel (FTE)                                                                             9,781           10,090   8,927   8,322


                                                                                                       Europe1   Asia, Middle East & Africa
                                                                                                       2024      2023     2024     2023
 Statement of income (Million CHF)                                                                                                
 Net sales to external customers                                                                       7,198     7,284    3,612    3,982
 Net sales to other segments                                                                           303       333      231      264
 Total net sales                                                                                       7,501     7,617    3,843    4,246
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         1,808     1,673    1,096    1,135
 Recurring EBITDA after leases margin in %                                                             24.1      22.0     28.5     26.7
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        1,335     1,202    878      898
 Recurring EBIT margin in %                                                                            17.8      15.8     22.8     21.2
 Operating profit (loss)                                                                               1,122     1,163    829      841
 Operating profit (loss) margin in %                                                                   15.0      15.3     21.6     19.8
 Reconciliation of measures of profit and loss to the consolidated statement of income                                            
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         1,808     1,673    1,096    1,135
 Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment, intangible and other long-term assets  (473)     (470)    (218)    (236)
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        1,335     1,202    878      898
 Impairment of operating assets                                                                        (161)     (34)     (39)     (59)
 Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs                                               (52)      (5)      (10)     2
 Operating profit (loss)                                                                               1,122     1,163    829      841
 Profit on disposals and other non-operating income                                                                               
 Loss on disposals and other non-operating expenses                                                                               
 Share of profit of associates                                                                                                    
 Financial income                                                                                                                 
 Financial expenses                                                                                                               
 Net income before taxes                                                                                                          
 Statement of financial position (Million CHF)                                                                                    
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                          225       223      3,051    2,908
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                         6,943     6,576    3,218    3,602
 Goodwill                                                                                              3,978     3,643    965      995
 Intangible assets                                                                                     343       211      91       119
 Reconciliation of measures of Statement of financial position (Million CHF)                                                      
 Unallocated assets                                                                                                               
 Total assets                                                                                                                     
 Personnel (unaudited)                                                                                                            
 Number of personnel (FTE)                                                                             18,045    17,522   10,529   12,447


                                                                                                       Solutions & Products2   Corporate/ Eliminations3   Total Group
                                                                                                       2024                    2023                       2024    2023    2024      2023
 Statement of income (Million CHF)                                                                                                                                                 
 Net sales to external customers                                                                       5,915                   5,608                      439     562     26,407    27,009
 Net sales to other segments                                                                           25                      23                         (730)   (784)            
 Total net sales                                                                                       5,939                   5,632                      (291)   (223)   26,407    27,009
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         965                     858                        (508)   (377)   6,677     6,378
 Recurring EBITDA after leases margin in %                                                             16.2                    15.2                                       25.3      23.6
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        707                     614                        (539)   (422)   5,049     4,760
 Recurring EBIT margin in %                                                                            11.9                    10.9                                       19.1      17.6
 Operating profit (loss)                                                                               675                     583                        (629)   (440)   4,642     4,577
 Operating profit (loss) margin in %                                                                   11.4                    10.4                                       17.6      16.9
 Reconciliation of measures of profit and loss to the consolidated statement of income                                                                                             
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         965                     858                        (508)   (377)   6,677     6,378
 Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment, intangible and other long-term assets  (258)                   (244)                      (31)    (45)    (1,628)   (1,618)
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        707                     614                        (539)   (422)   5,049     4,760
 Impairment of operating assets                                                                        0                       (1)                        0       7       (202)     (99)
 Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs                                               (32)                    (30)                       (90)    (25)    (205)     (84)
 Operating profit (loss)                                                                               675                     583                        (629)   (440)   4,642     4,577
 Profit on disposals and other non-operating income                                                                                                                       50        156
 Loss on disposals and other non-operating expenses                                                                                                                       (169)     (97)
 Share of profit of associates                                                                                                                                            24        36
 Financial income                                                                                                                                                         156       198
 Financial expenses                                                                                                                                                       (681)     (697)
 Net income before taxes                                                                                                                                                  4,022     4,174
 Statement of financial position (Million CHF)                                                                                                                                     
 Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                                             3,331     3,184
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                         1,697                   1,383                      31      42      20,307    19,341
 Goodwill                                                                                              4,050                   3,729                      23      21      14,594    13,589
 Intangible assets                                                                                     1,516                   1,400                      192     185     2,380     2,127
 Reconciliation of measures of Statement of financial position (Million CHF)                                                                                                       
 Unallocated assets                                                                                                                                                       13,674    14,444
 Total assets                                                                                                                                                             54,285    52,686
 Personnel (unaudited)                                                                                                                                                             
 Number of personnel (FTE)                                                                             14,919                  13,660                     1,464   1,407   63,665    63,448


1 The Russia business was divested in February 2024 and has been excluded from the key performance indicators since 1 March 2022 (see Note 2.3).

2 The results of Duro-Last are reported in the segment Solutions & Products (see Note 2.3).

3 Including trading activities not allocated by operating segment.

Information by product line 

                                             Cement1   Aggregates
 Million CHF                                 2024      2023     2024    2023
 Statement of income                                                   
 Net sales to external customers             11,665    12,159   3,278   3,310
 Net sales to other segments                 1,494     1,599    1,058   1,092
 Total net sales                             13,159    13,758   4,335   4,402
 - of which North America                    3,775     3,885    1,726   1,752
 - of which Latin America                    2,417     2,385    47      45
 - of which Europe4                          4,360     4,373    1,957   1,953
 - of which Asia, Middle East & Africa       2,443     2,880    607     653
 - of which Corporate/Eliminations           164       235             
 Recurring EBITDA after leases               4,453     4,283    955     930
 Recurring EBITDA after leases margin in %   33.8      31.1     22.0    21.1
 Recurring EBIT5                             3,474     3,301    665     644
 Recurring EBIT margin in %                  26.4      24.0     15.3    14.6
 CapEx6                                      1,129     941      182     258
 Personnel (unaudited)                                                 
 Number of personnel (FTE)                   26,502    26,830   9,451   9,705


                                             Ready-mix concrete   Solutions & Products2
 Million CHF                                 2024                 2023     2024     2023
 Statement of income                                                               
 Net sales to external customers             5,550                5,932    5,915    5,608
 Net sales to other segments                 51                   47       25       23
 Total net sales                             5,601                5,979    5,939    5,632
 - of which North America                    1,721                1,976    3,795    3,636
 - of which Latin America                    674                  712      263      205
 - of which Europe4                          2,158                2,312    1,719    1,595
 - of which Asia, Middle East & Africa       1,049                979      229      253
 - of which Corporate/Eliminations                                         (66)     (58)
 Recurring EBITDA after leases               348                  343      919      823
 Recurring EBITDA after leases margin in %   6.2                  5.7      15.5     14.6
 Recurring EBIT5                             251                  241      659      574
 Recurring EBIT margin in %                  4.5                  4.0      11.1     10.2
 CapEx6                                      45                   71       124      133
 Personnel (unaudited)                                                             
 Number of personnel (FTE)                   11,879               12,361   15,478   14,204


                                             Corporate/Eliminations3   Total Group
 Million CHF                                 2024                      2023      2024     2023
 Statement of income                                                                     
 Net sales to external customers                                                 26,407   27,009
 Net sales to other segments                 (2,627)                   (2,761)           
 Total net sales                             (2,627)                   (2,761)   26,407   27,009
 - of which North America                    (865)                     (905)     10,152   10,345
 - of which Latin America                    (250)                     (261)     3,150    3,086
 - of which Europe4                          (1,190)                   (1,246)   9,002    8,986
 - of which Asia, Middle East & Africa       (282)                     (278)     4,046    4,486
 - of which Corporate/Eliminations           (41)                      (72)      57       105
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                   6,677    6,378
 Recurring EBITDA after leases margin in %                                       25.3     23.6
 Recurring EBIT5                                                                 5,049    4,760
 Recurring EBIT margin in %                                                      19.1     17.6
 CapEx6                                      (3)                       5         1,477    1,408
 Personnel (unaudited)                                                                   
 Number of personnel (FTE)                   355                       348       63,665   63,448


1 Cement, clinker and other cementitious materials.

2 Precast, concrete products, asphalts, mortars, roofing systems, insulation systems, tile adhesives, facade solution and contracting and services. The results of Duro-Last are reported in the product line Solutions & Products (for more information, see Note 2.3).

3 Excluding trading activities.

4 The Russia business was divested in February 2024 and has been excluded from the key performance indicators since 1 March 2022 (see Note 2.3).

5 Recurring EBIT includes corporate costs and trading.

6 CapEx consists of the purchase and disposal of property, plant and equipment.

3.3 Information by country 

                Net sales to external customers   Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
 Million CHF    2024                              2023     2024     2023
 U.S.1          7,726                             7,912    6,705    6,102
 Canada         2,506                             2,591    2,133    2,169
 France         1,984                             2,197    2,028    2,087
 Mexico         1,744                             1,803    657      685
 UK             1,723                             1,811    1,452    1,213
 Australia      1,228                             1,264    820      855
 Switzerland1   888                               852      1,003    871
 Germany        789                               825      715      642
 Others1        7,818                             7,753    7,172    6,843
 Total          26,407                            27,009   22,687   21,468


1 Including trading activities.

Net sales to external customers are based on the location of assets (origin of sales), with the exception of the trading activities (see Note 3.2). There is no single external customer where net sales amount to 10% or more of the Group’s net sales.

4. Operating profit

4.1 Accounting principles

Operating profit excludes items that are not directly related to the Group’s operating activities. These primarily relate to gains or losses on the disposals of Group companies, associates and joint ventures, revaluation gains or losses on previously held equity interests, indemnification provisions, disputes with minority shareholders, share of profit (loss) of associates and financial income and expenses.

4.2 Revenue recognition

Revenue from the sale of the Group’s core products is recognized when delivery has taken place and control of the goods has been transferred to the customer. The customer obtains control of the goods when the significant risks and rewards of products sold are transferred according to the specific delivery terms that have been formally agreed with the customer, generally upon delivery when the bill of lading is signed by the customer as evidence that they have obtained physical possession and accepted the products delivered to them.

The core products are often sold with volume discounts. Revenue from these sales is recognized based on the price specified on the invoice, net of estimated discounts. Accumulated experience is used to estimate and provide for the discounts, using the most likely amount. A liability is recognized for expected volume discounts in relation to sales made until the end of the reporting period. No element of financing is deemed present as the sales are made with credit terms largely ranging between 30 days and 60 days depending on the specific terms agreed to with the Group company concerned, which is consistent with market practice. Generally, cement, aggregates and ready-mix concrete are not returned as a customer will only accept these products once they have passed a stringent quality check at the delivery point.

The Group offers separately priced extended warranties covering roofing systems, generally ranging from five to 30 years. Revenues from such activities are deferred and recognized in income over the life of the warranty on a straight-line basis.

Contract liabilities, reflecting a Group company’s obligation to transfer to a customer goods or services for which the company has already received consideration, relate mainly to advance payments from customers, which are disclosed in Note 10.5, and to volume incentive programs and warranty programs. As of 31 December 2024, contract liabilities amounted to CHF 496 million (2023: CHF 412 million).

A trade receivable is recognized when the products are delivered to a customer, as this is the point in time when the consideration becomes unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

Contract assets, which is a Group company’s right to consideration that is conditional on something other than the passage of time, relate mainly to construction and paving activities and are immaterial on a Group level.

The Group is also involved in providing services in conjunction with the sale of its core products and is developing retail activities in certain markets. However, both of these activities remain immaterial on Group level at this stage.

4.3 Production cost of goods sold 

 Million CHF                                 2024       2023
 Material expenses                           (6,193)    (6,599)
 Fuel expenses                               (762)      (982)
 Electricity expenses                        (1,080)    (1,270)
 Personnel expenses                          (2,309)    (2,111)
 Maintenance expenses                        (1,449)    (1,484)
 Depreciation, amortization and impairment   (1,753)    (1,648)
 Other production expenses                   (1,209)    (1,352)
 Changes in inventory                        23         (65)
 Total                                       (14,731)   (15,511)


4.4 Research and development

Innovation through research and development projects plays a key part in the Group’s activities. Holcim’s innovation centers in Switzerland and in France, with more than 300 researchers and a worldwide network of laboratories, are delivering breakthrough innovations to build the sustainable future of Holcim. The Holcim Innovation Hub, opened in September 2023, showcases Holcim’s sustainable building solutions and contributes to co-create accelerated low-carbon, circular and energy-efficient building worldwide.

Research and development projects are carried out with a view to generating added value for customers through end user-oriented products and services, with a focus on:

Disruptive solutions to decarbonize building.

Breakthrough technologies aiming at production system improvements.

Development of low-carbon products and solutions to protect the environment and lower the Group’s environmental footprint.

Innovation in digital technology across Holcim’s business, fundamentally changing how the Group operates and delivers value to customers.

Enabling sustainable construction and making sustainable building accessible for all, through houses of tomorrow projects.

Partnering with startups to expand the number of environmental product declarations and gain access to innovative solutions.

The Group’s operating profit includes research and development costs of CHF 225 million (2023: CHF 224 million).

4.5 Summary of depreciation, amortization and impairment 

 Million CHF                                                                             2024      2023
 Production facilities                                                                   (1,753)   (1,648)
 Distribution and sales facilities                                                       (365)     (340)
 Administration facilities                                                               (101)     (88)
 Total depreciation, amortization and impairment of operating assets (a)                 (2,219)   (2,076)
 Of which net impairment charge relating to property, plant and equipment (note 11.2)    (184)     (103)
 Of which net impairment charge relating to intangible assets (note 11.3)                (18)      (2)
 Of which net impairment reversal relating to investments in joint ventures (note 6.4)   0         6
 Total depreciation, amortization and impairment of non-operating assets (b)             0         0
 Total depreciation, amortization and impairment (a + b)                                 (2,219)   (2,076)
 Of which depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 11.2)                      (1,450)   (1,424)
 Of which depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 11.2)                                (389)     (359)
 Of which amortization of intangible assets and other long-term assets                   (177)     (194)
 Of which total net impairment charge                                                    (202)     (99)


5. Profit and loss on disposals and other non-operating items

5.1 Accounting principles

Profit and loss on disposals and other non-operating items comprise gains or losses on the disposals of Group companies, associates and joint ventures, other non-operating items that are not directly related to the Group’s operating activities such as revaluation gains or losses on previously held equity interests, indemnification provisions and disputes with minority shareholders.

5.2 Profit on disposals and other non-operating income 

 Million CHF                      2024   2023
 Gain on disposals before taxes   29     48
 Dividends earned                 4      4
 Other                            16     105
 Total                            50     156


“Gain on disposals before taxes” mainly includes current and deferred gain on disposals of Group companies (see Note 2.3).

In 2023, “Other” mainly included non-operating items such as the operating profit generated by the Russian operations since 1 March 2022.

5.3 Loss on disposals and other non-operating expenses 

 Million CHF                      2024    2023
 Loss on disposals before taxes   (104)   (8)
 Other                            (65)    (88)
 Total                            (169)   (97)


“Loss on disposals before taxes” mainly includes current and deferred losses on disposals of Group companies (see Note 2.3).

“Other” notably included the expenses relating to the Group’s activities that are not part of its operating cycle.

6. Investments in associates and joint ventures

6.1 Accounting principles

The Group, in the course of its business, may enter into arrangements where it will exercise joint control over entities, resulting in classifying these operations as joint ventures or joint operations depending on the rights and obligations arising from the contractual arrangement. Alternatively, the Group may hold between 20% and 50% of the voting rights and exercise significant influence, resulting in these companies being classified as associates.

Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.

The Group’s share of profit of joint ventures is classified within operating profit, as these operations form an integral part of the Group’s financial performance, reflecting its core business activities. The Group’s share of profit of associates is classified below operating profit.

Goodwill arising from an acquisition is included in the carrying amount of the investments in associates and joint ventures.

Equity accounting is discontinued when the carrying amount of the investment together with any long-term interest in a joint venture or in an associate reaches zero, unless the Group has either incurred or guaranteed additional obligations in respect of the joint venture or associate.

The Group tests joint ventures or associates for impairment only when there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the net investment. Objective evidence of impairment includes events such as significant financial difficulties of the associate or joint venture, or information about significant changes with an adverse effect that have taken place in the economic environment in which the joint venture or associate operates, and indicates that the carrying amount of the joint venture or associate may not be recovered.

An impairment loss is only recognized when the carrying amount of the joint venture or associate exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of value-in-use and fair value less costs of disposal.

The recoverable amount of an investment in a joint venture or associate is assessed for each joint venture or associate, unless the joint venture or associate does not generate cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of those from other assets.

6.2 Main changes during the current reporting period

Significant pending transaction

In December 2024, Cement Australia signed an agreement to acquire a division of the Buckeridge Group of Companies (BGC), strengthening its footprint in Western Australia. The division of BGC to be acquired includes cement, concrete, quarry and asphalt, as well as its Materials Technology Centre. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals.

6.3 Main changes during the comparative period

In 2023, Huaxin Cement in China repurchased and canceled shares as a consequence of which Holcim’s ownership rate increased from 41.46% to 41.81%.

Investments in associates and joint ventures 

 Million CHF                     2024    2023
 Investments in associates       250     237
 Investments in joint ventures   3,080   2,947
 Total                           3,331   3,184


6.4 Movements in investments in joint ventures 

 Million CHF                         2024    2023
 1 January                           2,947   3,107
 Share of profit of joint ventures   264     304
 Dividends earned                    (243)   (204)
 Net acquisitions (disposals)        (7)     15
 Reclassifications                   1       0
 Net Impairment reversal             0       6
 Currency translation effects        115     (271)
 Others                              4       (9)
 31 December                         3,080   2,947


In 2023, “Net acquisitions (disposals)” mainly relates to the increase of 0.35% in Huaxin Cement in China.

6.5 List of principal joint ventures

Principal joint ventures 

 Region                       Company                             Country of incorporation or residence   Effective participation (percent of interest)
 Asia, Middle East & Africa   Cement Australia Holdings Pty Ltd   Australia                               50.0%
                              Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd               China                                   41.8%
                              Lafarge Maroc S.A.S.                Morocco                                 50.0%
                              Readymix Qatar L.L.C                Qatar                                   49.0%


Listed joint ventures 

 Region / Company                           Country   Municipality   Place of listing   Market capitalization as of 31 December 2024 in million local currency   Security code number
 Asia, Middle East & Africa                                                                                                                                              
 Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. - cement A shares   China     Wuhan          Shanghai           CNY                                                                      16,266   CNE000000DC6
 Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. - cement H shares   China     Wuhan          Hong Kong          HKD                                                                      5,753    CNE1000057N3
 LafargeHolcim Maroc S.A.                   Morocco   Casablanca     Casablanca         MAD                                                                      45,339   MA0000012320


6.6 Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. (China)

As of 31 December 2024, the Group holds 41.8% (2023: 41.8%) of the voting rights in the joint venture company Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd.

The fair value of the investment in Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. based on the quoted market price on 31 December 2024 amounted to CHF 1,056 million (2023: CHF 968 million).

Summarized financial information for the material joint venture company Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd., which is accounted for using the equity method, is presented below.

The carrying value of Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. in the Group’s 2024 financial statements is based on an estimated equity as of 31 December 2024. However, since Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. is a publicly listed company in China and has not yet published its financial statements for the year 2024, the disclosed amounts for the investment in the joint venture Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. are as of 30 September 2024.

The summarized financial information presented below shows the amounts included in the IFRS financial statements of Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. as of 30 September 2024 and as of 31 December 2023. As of 30 September 2024, dividends of CHF 57 million (31 December 2023: CHF 57 million) were received from Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd.

Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. - Statement of financial position 

 Million CHF                                                  30.09.2024   31.12.2023
 Cash and cash equivalents                                    662          692
 Other current assets                                         1,227        1,187
 Non-current assets                                           6,601        6,481
 Total assets                                                 8,490        8,360
 Current financial liabilities                                723          872
 Other current liabilities                                    1,304        1,369
 Long-term financial liabilities                              1,820        1,649
 Other non-current liabilities                                407          312
 Total liabilities                                            4,254        4,202
 Net assets                                                   4,236        4,158
 Shareholders' equity (excluding non-controlling interests)   3,674        3,628


Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. - Statement of comprehensive earnings 

 Million CHF                                                          Jan-Sep 2024   Jan-Dec 2023
 Net sales                                                            3,025          4,283
 Operating profit1                                                    340            585
 Profit on disposals and other non-operating items                    0              25
 Financial income                                                     16             17
 Financial expenses                                                   (85)           (106)
 Income taxes                                                         (61)           (124)
 Net income                                                           210            397
 Net income (excluding non-controlling interests)                     157            324
 Other comprehensive earnings                                         (3)            (47)
 Total comprehensive earnings (excluding non-controlling interests)   154            277


1 Of which CHF 341 million (2023: CHF 485 million) relates to depreciation and amortization.

Impairment test of the investment in Huaxin

The fair value of the investment in Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. based on a quoted market price was 39% (2023: 41%) lower than the value in Holcim Group's statement of financial position as of 31 December 2024.

In accordance with the Group’s accounting policies, an impairment test was carried out as of December 31, 2024. Management employed the value-in-use approach to determine the recoverable amount of Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd, using key assumptions including the projected Recurring EBITDA margin and discount rate. The test results did not lead to recognition of any impairment on the investment in Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd as of December 31, 2024. A sensitivity analysis was performed in which it was determined that a reasonably possible change in these key assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of the Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd investment to materially exceed its recoverable amount.

6.7 Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. (Morocco)

As of 31 December 2024, the Group holds 50% (2023: 50%) of the voting rights in the joint venture company Lafarge Maroc S.A.S..

Summarized financial information for the material joint venture Lafarge Maroc S.A.S., which is accounted for using the equity method, is presented below.

The carrying value of Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. in the Group’s 2024 financial statements is based on an estimated equity as of 31 December 2024. However, since Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. is the parent company of LafargeHolcim Maroc S.A, a publicly listed company in Morocco which has not yet published its financial statements for the year 2024, the disclosed amounts for the investment in the joint venture Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. are as of 30 June 2024.

The summarized financial information presented below shows the amounts included in the IFRS financial statements of Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. as of 30 June 2024 and as of 31 December 2023. As of 30 June 2024, dividends of CHF 45 million (31 December 2023: CHF 45 million) were received from Lafarge Maroc S.A.S.

Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. - Statement of financial position 

 Million CHF                                                  30.06.2024   31.12.2023
 Cash and cash equivalents                                    27           28
 Other current assets                                         317          292
 Non-current assets                                           2,074        1,979
 Total assets                                                 2,417        2,299
 Current financial liabilities                                217          118
 Other current liabilities                                    260          260
 Long-term financial liabilities                              539          530
 Other non-current liabilities                                228          214
 Total liabilities                                            1,243        1,122
 Net assets                                                   1,174        1,177
 Shareholders' equity (excluding non-controlling interests)   771          773


Lafarge Maroc S.A.S. - Statement of comprehensive earnings 

 Million CHF                                                          Jan-Jun 2024   Jan-Dec 2023
 Net sales                                                            492            1,079
 Operating profit1                                                    145            271
 Loss on disposals and other non-operating items                      (8)            (24)
 Financial expenses                                                   (17)           (34)
 Income taxes                                                         (55)           (91)
 Net income                                                           64             122
 Net income (excluding non-controlling interests)                     42             77
 Other comprehensive earnings                                         (3)            0
 Total comprehensive earnings (excluding non-controlling interests)   39             78


1 Of which CHF 45 million (2023: CHF 107 million) relates to depreciation and amortization.

6.8 Other joint ventures

In 2024 and 2023, there were no unrecognized shares of losses relating to other joint ventures.

6.9 Movements in investments in associates 

 Million CHF                     2024   2023
 1 January                       237    216
 Share of profit of associates   24     33
 Net impairment reversal         0      4
 Subtotal                        24     36
 Dividends earned                (8)    (8)
 Net acquisitions (disposals)    (14)   1
 Currency translation effects    0      (12)
 Others                          11     3
 31 December                     250    237


As of 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group has no interests in associates that are considered as individually material.

There are no unrecognized shares of losses relating to the above associates.

7. Financing items

7.1 Accounting principles

Financial income and expenses primarily relate to interest earned on cash and cash equivalents, interest expenses on borrowings, unwinding of discount on long-term provisions, net interest expenses on retirement benefit plans, foreign exchange gains and losses and interest expenses on lease liabilities.

7.2 Financial income 

 Million CHF                                    2024   2023
 Interest earned on cash and cash equivalents   134    170
 Other financial income                         22     28
 Total                                          156    198


7.3 Financial expenses 

 Million CHF                                              2024    2023
 Interest expenses                                        (463)   (490)
 Interest expenses on lease liabilities                   (78)    (63)
 Fair value changes on financial instruments              2       2
 Unwinding of discount on long-term liabilities           (24)    (7)
 Net interest expenses on retirement benefit plans        (21)    (8)
 Impairment and write off of long-term financial assets   (6)     (6)
 Other financial expenses                                 (82)    (90)
 Foreign exchange loss, net                               (8)     (35)
 Total                                                    (681)   (697)


Interest expenses relate primarily to financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The decrease in 2024 was mainly driven by debt maturities (see Note 14.4).

Interest expenses include CHF 4 million (2023: CHF 4 million) of amortization of bonds and private placements, which were fair valued in previous years following a purchase price allocation exercise. At the end of December 2024, the remaining balance to amortize amounts to CHF 47 million (2023: CHF 48 million).

Interest expenses on lease liabilities include interest expenses related to ongoing lease contracts (see Note 14.7).

The increase in unwinding of discount on long-term provisions is driven by discount rate changes.

Other financial expenses include costs for commitment fees on credit facilities, bank charges and accruals for interest related to ongoing legal and tax cases.

Foreign exchange losses are mainly due to unhedgeable receivables and payables denominated in currencies other than functional currencies.

8. Income taxes

8.1 Accounting principles

Income taxes

Holcim's business operations are subject to numerous income taxes imposed by state and local governments. Taxes recognized in the Group Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the Group's best estimate of the outcome based on the facts known at the balance sheet date in each individual country, including changes in tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations, or on-going tax audits.

Significant judgment is often required in determining the Group's annual tax charges and in evaluating the Group tax positions. Although the Group believes the tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from the Group’s historical tax provisions and accruals, even if the Group assesses the tax positions in line with local tax laws and international guidelines such as those issued by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).

Deferred taxes

Deferred tax is provided, using the balance sheet liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period are used to determine the deferred tax expense.

Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences or unused tax losses can be utilized. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint arrangements except where the Group is able to control the distribution of earnings from these respective entities and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax is charged or credited in the statement of income, except when it relates to items credited or charged outside the statement of income, in which case the deferred tax is treated accordingly.

OECD Pillar 2

The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting previously published the Pillar Two model rules implementing a global minimum tax of 15%. The Group has a presence in jurisdictions that have enacted Pillar Two model rules. This includes Switzerland which enacted the Ordinance for implementing the OECD/G20 Qualified Domestic Minimum Tax (QDMTT) from 1 January 2024 and the Income Inclusion Rule (IIR) from 1 January 2025.

The impact in those jurisdictions where the transitional safe harbor relief does not apply and the Pillar Two effective tax rate is below 15% is not material in 2024 and does not affect the Group's effective tax rate. Holcim has applied the mandatory exception to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes.

8.2 Tax expenses 

 Million CHF                                                                             2024    2023
 Current taxes                                                                           (905)   (1,121)
 Deferred taxes                                                                          (76)    122
 Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences, tax losses and credits   (78)    125
 Relating to changes in tax rates and legislation                                        2       (3)
 Total                                                                                   (981)   (999)


8.3 Reconciliation of tax rate

The expected tax charge is the result of applying the domestic statutory tax rates to net income (loss) before taxes. For the Group, the applicable tax rate varies from one year to the next, depending on the relative weight of net income (loss) of each individual entity in the Group’s profit as well as the changes in statutory tax rates. 

 Million CHF                                                             2024    2023
 Net income before taxes                                                 4,022         4,174  
 Impairment and net gain (loss) on disposals of Group companies          277           44     
 Net income before impairment, divestments and taxes                     4,299         4,218  
 Group's expected tax charge / rate                                      (972)   23%   (966)   23%
 Tax effects of:                                                                              
 - Non-recoverable withholding taxes                                     (91)          (67)   
 - Incentives for investment and development                             52            65     
 - Non-deductible items                                                  (70)          (90)   
 - Income not subject to tax                                             52            59     
 - Uncertain tax positions                                               67            (194)  
 - Recognition / (derecognition) of deferred tax assets                  (42)          185    
 - Changes in tax rates                                                  2             (3)    
 Tax effect of impairment and net gain on disposals of Group companies   21            14     
 Group's effective tax charge / rate                                     (981)   24%   (999)   24%


The Group’s effective tax rate, excluding impairment and divestments, amounts to 23% (2023: 24%).

In 2024, total income taxes paid amounts to CHF 928 million (2023: CHF 702 million).

8.4 Deferred taxes

Deferred tax in the consolidated statement of financial position: 

 Million CHF                     2024    2023
 Deferred tax assets             (565)   (674)
 Deferred tax liabilities        1,994   1,868
 Deferred tax liabilities, net   1,429   1,194


The Group’s recognition of deferred tax assets amounting to CHF 565 million (2023: CHF 674 million) reflects the Group’s belief that sufficient taxable income will be generated to recover these assets in future periods. However, uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards from operations in various jurisdictions could result in material adjustments to the deferred tax assets recognized in future periods.

Change in deferred tax assets and liabilities 

 Million CHF                                           Property, plant and equipment   Intangible and other long-term assets   Provisions and defined benefit obligations   Other   Tax losses carryforward   Total
 2024                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Deferred tax liabilities net as of 1 January 2024     2,064                           48                                      (226)                                        (249)   (443)                     1,194
 Charged (credited)                                                                                                                                                                                          
 - to the statement of income                          (20)                            146                                     52                                           (88)    (14)                      76
 - to other comprehensive income1                      0                               0                                       4                                            (1)     0                         3
 Change in scope                                       31                              6                                       0                                            28      11                        76
 Hyperinflation                                        34                              0                                       0                                            6       0                         40
 Currency translation effects                          184                             16                                      (65)                                         (94)    (1)                       40
 Deferred tax liabilities net as of 31 December 2024   2,293                           216                                     (235)                                        (398)   (447)                     1,429
 2023                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Deferred tax liabilities net as of 1 January 2023     2,221                           98                                      (149)                                        (143)   (450)                     1,577
 Charged (credited)                                                                                                                                                                                          
 - to the statement of income                          13                              (36)                                    (6)                                          (77)    (16)                      (122)
 - to other comprehensive income1                      0                               0                                       (89)                                         (41)    0                         (130)
 Change in scope                                       (14)                            27                                      1                                            10      (1)                       23
 Hyperinflation                                        27                              0                                       0                                            2       0                         29
 Currency translation effects                          (183)                           (41)                                    17                                           0       24                        (183)
 Deferred tax liabilities net as of 31 December 2023   2,064                           48                                      (226)                                        (249)   (443)                     1,194


1 The tax effects upon other comprehensive earnings are included within the consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings on page 265.

8.5 Tax losses carryforward 

 Million CHF                                    Tax losses carry- forward 2024   Tax effect 2024   Tax losses carry- forward 2023   Tax effect 2023
 Total tax losses carryforward                  6,004                            1,368             6,475                            1,458
 Of which reflected in deferred taxes           (2,279)                          (447)             (2,354)                          (443)
 Total tax losses carryforward not recognized   3,724                            922               4,121                            1,015
 Expiring as follows:                                                                                                              
 Within 1 year                                  106                              21                16                               3
 Between 2 and 5 years                          159                              35                205                              43
 Thereafter                                     3,459                            865               3,900                            969


In 2024, CHF 922 million (2023: CHF 1,015 million) of deferred tax assets on tax losses were not recognized, as the Group considers it will not generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period to realize these deferred tax benefits in all jurisdictions where the Group operates.

8.6 Long-term income tax liabilities

The Group continually monitors its global tax position. Whenever uncertainties arise, the Group assesses the potential consequences and either accrues the liability or discloses a contingent liability in its financial statements, depending on the strength of the Group’s position and the resulting risk of loss.

For the purpose of classifying an income tax liability as current or non-current, the Group analyses whether or not the extinguishment of such liability may occur within 12 months from the end of the reporting period and, in particular, whether or not the Group has the right to defer settlement beyond 12 months in each respective jurisdiction.

The long-term income tax liabilities of CHF 154 million (2023: CHF 170 million) no longer includes repatriation tax arising from the U.S. tax reform (2023: CHF 21 million).

9. Earnings per share 

                                                                                                    2024          2023
 Basic earnings per share in CHF                                                                    5.24          5.37
 Adjusted net income attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd (Million CHF)                       2,922         3,043
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                                      557,623,740   567,168,970
 Diluted earnings per share                                                                         5.22          5.35
 Adjusted net income used to determine diluted earnings per share (Million CHF)                     2,922         3,043
 Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share                                   559,993,317   569,240,835
 Reconciliation of weighted average number of shares outstanding                                                 
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                                      557,623,740   567,168,970
 Adjustment for assumed exercise of share options and performance shares                            2,369,576     2,071,865
 Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share                                   559,993,317   569,240,835
 Reconciliation of net income attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd                                         
 Net income attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd - as per statement of income (Million CHF)   2,926         3,060
 Adjustment for net interest of subordinated fixed rate resttable notes (Million CHF)1              (4)           (17)
 Adjusted net income attributable to shareholders of Holcim Ltd (Million CHF)                       2,922         3,043


1 Holcim issued two subordinated perpetual notes: EUR 500 million at an initial fixed coupon of 3.0% in April 2019 and CHF 200 million at an initial fixed coupon of 3.5% in November 2018. On 7 December 2023, Holcim exercised the redemption option on the CHF 200 million subordinated perpetual note and on 28 May 2024, Holcim exercised the redemption option on the EUR 500 million subordinated perpetual note. (see note 17.1).

In conformity with the decision taken at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on 8 May 2024, a dividend of CHF 2.80 per registered share for the financial year 2023 was paid out of the foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions on 16 May 2024. This resulted in a total payment of CHF 1,570 million.

10. Working capital

10.1 Accounting principles

Trade accounts receivable

Trade accounts receivable are initially recognized at their invoiced amounts less any deductions such as trade discounts.

The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach with expected lifetime credit losses (ECL). Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a credit loss allowance based on a lifetime ECL at each reporting period.

The lifetime ECL calculation includes possible default events on the trade accounts receivable over the entire holding period of the receivable.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined by using the weighted average cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials and additives, direct labor, other direct costs and related production overheads. Cost of inventories includes transfers from equity of gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges relating to inventory purchases.

10.2 Trade accounts receivable 

 Million CHF                                                 2024    2023
 Trade accounts receivable - associates and joint ventures   42      61
 Trade accounts receivable - third parties                   2,571   2,663
 Net carrying amount                                         2,613   2,723


Maturity of accounts receivable 

                              2024                    2023
 Million CHF                  Gross carrying amount   Lifetime expected credit loss allowance   Net carrying amount   Gross carrying amount   Lifetime expected credit loss allowance   Net carrying amount
 Not overdue                  2,081                   (30)                                      2,051                 2,007                   (25)                                      1,981
 Overdue 1 to 89 days         501                     (13)                                      488                   661                     (15)                                      646
 Overdue 90 to 180 days       58                      (12)                                      47                    57                      (15)                                      43
 Overdue more than 180 days   196                     (168)                                     28                    205                     (152)                                     53
 Total                        2,837                   (223)                                     2,613                 2,929                   (206)                                     2,723


The allowance in the table above relates to accounts receivable for which a lifetime expected credit loss is recognized. See Note 14.6 for further details.

In some cases, trade accounts receivable are factored to third parties but the total amount is not considered material for the Group.

10.3 Inventories 

 Million CHF                           2024    2023
 Raw materials and additives           534     475
 Semi-finished and finished products   1,867   1,629
 Fuels                                 151     185
 Parts and supplies                    565     519
 Total                                 3,117   2,807


In 2024, the Group recognized inventory write-downs to net realizable value of CHF 6 million (2023: CHF 9 million) relating mainly to Parts and Supplies.

10.4 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

 Million CHF                                         2024   2023
 Prepaid expenses and accruals                       253    210
 Other current assets                                119    163
 Other receivables - associates and joint ventures   8      7
 Other receivables - third parties                   457    469
 Total                                               837    849


10.5 Trade accounts payable 

 Million CHF                                              2024    2023
 Trade accounts payable - associates and joint ventures   141     116
 Trade accounts payable - third parties                   4,236   3,949
 Advance payments from customers - third parties          368     271
 Total                                                    4,745   4,336


The Group has supplier finance arrangements in a limited number of countries under which its suppliers may elect for early payment from financial institutions by factoring their receivables from the Group. Suppliers availing of the supplier finance arrangements at their own discretion will bear the full cost of early settlement of their receivables. The Group’s obligation to settle with the supplier remains on original payment terms that are contractually independent of any arrangement between the supplier and a financial institution. The Group provides no security to the finance providers.

Trade payables - including those that are covered by supplier finance arrangements - are non-interest-bearing and are settled in line with the contractual terms originally agreed with the suppliers, consistent with local market practices. In the primary jurisdiction in which supplier finance arrangements are made available, the payment terms for all trade payables including the ones that are part of the arrangements generally average 90 days.

Based on the above, all trade payables covered by supplier finance arrangements are included in trade and other payables in the consolidated statement of financial position and within trade payables in the table above. 

 Million CHF                                                                          20241
 Carrying amount of trade payables that are part of a supplier finance arrangement2   321
 Of which suppliers have received payment                                             292


1 Carrying amount of trade payables that are part of a supplier finance arrangement are at CHF 307 million in December 2023.

2 Non cash changes from business combinations or foreign exchange differences are immaterial at Group level.

For explanations on the Group’s liquidity risk management processes, refer to Note 14.6.

11. Property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets

11.1 Accounting principles

Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment is valued at acquisition or construction cost less depreciation and impairment losses.

Cost includes transfers from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges. The cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: 

 Land and mineral reserves     No depreciation except on land with raw material reserves (unit-of-production method)
 Buildings and installations   20 to 40 years
 Machinery and equipment       3 to 30 years


Useful lives of assets may be affected by climate-related matters due to transitional risks, such as obsolescence and legal restrictions, or physical risks, as there is the potential for operations to be adversely impacted by extreme variability in weather patterns. The change in useful lives directly impacts the amount of depreciation or amortization recognized each year. Management’s review of useful lives has taken into consideration the impact of the Group’s 2030 targets. For the calculation of useful lives, the various input factors and the residual values are reviewed annually.

Costs are only included in the asset’s carrying amount when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group in future periods and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Costs include the initial estimate of the costs for dismantling and removing the item and for restoring the site on which it is located. All other repairs and maintenance expenses are charged to the statement of income during the period in which they are incurred.

Mineral reserves are measured at cost and are depreciated based on the unit-of-production method over their estimated commercial lives.

Costs incurred to gain access to mineral reserves (typically stripping costs) are capitalized and depreciated over the life of the quarry, which is based on the estimated tons of raw material to be extracted from the reserves.

Interest costs on borrowings to finance construction projects, which necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use, are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

Government grants received are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the relevant conditions and the grant will be received. Government grants are deducted from property, plant and equipment and reduce the depreciation charge accordingly.

Goodwill and impairment testing

Goodwill arises in a business combination and is the excess of the consideration transferred to acquire a business over the underlying fair value of the net identified assets acquired. Such goodwill is tested annually for impairment or whenever there are impairment indicators, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

Following a business combination, goodwill is allocated to a cash-generating unit or to a group of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit, among others, from the synergies of the business combination. The Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs) are defined on the basis of the relevant market, which is normally country- or product-related. For the purpose of impairment testing, the Group’s cash-generating units are aggregated into an operating segment, which is the level reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer (i.e. the chief operating decision maker). The discount rate is determined on a country level and is hence disclosed as a range on operating segment level. The aggregated carrying amount of goodwill that is monitored on operating segment level is detailed in Note 11.3.

For the goodwill impairment test, the recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is determined at the higher of its value-in-use and its fair value less costs of disposal. Management used the value-in-use approach to calculate the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit. The aggregated recoverable amount of the operating segment is then compared to its aggregated carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognized if the aggregated carrying amount of the operating segment exceeds its aggregated recoverable amount. The value-in-use is determined based on future discounted cash flows using the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). The discount rate reflects the current assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU (essentially country risk).

The WACC used for the impairment test is a post-tax discount rate and is applied to post-tax cash flows. There is no material difference in the outcome of the impairment test using the discount rate applied when compared with using a pre-tax discount rate for pre-tax cash flows.

Cash flow projections are generally based on a four-year financial planning period using business plans approved by management. Cash flows beyond the planning period are extrapolated based on increasing sustainable cash flows. Business plans include, among others, the management’s current view on market growth, pricing and costs. In any event, the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the planning period does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the relevant market for the products and country in which the cash-generating unit operates. The long-term average growth rate is based on the long-term inflation rate and gross domestic product for the relevant market, as published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

On disposal of a subsidiary or joint operation, the portion of the goodwill from the related operating segment is allocated to the subsidiary or joint operation disposed of and is included in the determination of profit or loss on disposal.

Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.

Goodwill arising from an acquisition of a joint venture or associated company is included in the carrying amount of the net investment in an associate or a joint venture and is not separately recognized. Refer to Note 6 for further details.

Sustainability and goodwill impairment testing

Sustainability is a key factor considered by the Group in any investment decision. To reach its 2030 targets, the Group continues to invest in process decarbonization, carbon-efficient construction, circular economy, clean energy, biodiversity, air and water.

Accelerating its net zero ambition, Holcim announced in 2023 its ambition to reach 420 kilograms of CO2 per ton of cementitious materials by 2030 and to invest CHF 2 billion in carbon capture, utilization and storage projects by 2030 to capture five million tons of CO2 per year. In line with the financial reporting requirements, the business plans include the future investment projects which had been approved as of 31 December 2024.

Carbon pricing is applicable in several markets where the Group operates, notably in Europe. It is reflected in the production cost assumptions in the business plans.

The Group continues to monitor the emergence of new CO2 regulatory pronouncements, which are factored into the business plans once enacted. Accordingly, the reform of the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme (EU ETS), adopted by the European Council and Parliament in 2023, according to which free CO2 emissions allowances granted to industry under EU ETS will be gradually phased out between 2026 and 2034 and similarly the newly introduced Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) starting from 2026 are considered in the business plans.

Holcim has already anticipated the developments of the existing and future European regulatory framework and a specific European roadmap has been developed and aligned with our Strategy 2025 and 2030 decarbonization target.

Sensitivity analysis and goodwill impairment testing (see note 11.3)

Discount rates

A sensitivity analysis was performed on the discount rates at cash-generating unit level which, accordingly, is at the relevant market level - normally country- or product-related - and then aggregated into an operating segment for goodwill impairment purposes.

Recurring EBITDA margin

Price and costs are also considered as key assumptions impacting the Recurring EBITDA margin. Therefore, the sensitivity on those key assumptions is tested through the long-term Recurring EBITDA margin variability.

Long-term growth rate

No sensitivity analysis is run on the long-term growth rate, as it is offset by the inflation rates included in the discount rates.

Intangible assets

Expenditure on acquired customer relationships, trademarks, mining rights, software, patented and unpatented technology and other intangible assets are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, but not exceeding 25 years, except for mining rights which are depleted on a volume basis. Customer lists were primarily acquired as part of the acquisition of Elevate in 2021, Malarkey in 2022 and Duro-Last in 2023.

Impairment of non-financial assets

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that a non-financial asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the non-financial asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual non-financial asset, the Group calculates the recoverable amount of the smallest cash generating unit to which the non-financial asset belongs. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating unit’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. If the calculated recoverable amount of a non-financial asset or cash generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the non-financial asset or cash generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized immediately in the statement of income.

The Group assesses whether there is an indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior periods for an asset or cash generating unit other than goodwill may no longer exist or may have decreased. Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the non-financial asset or cash generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount. However, this increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined if no impairment loss had been recognized for that non-financial asset or cash-generating unit in prior periods. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately in the statement of income.

11.2 Property, plant and equipment 

 Million CHF                                 Land and mineral reserves   Buildings and installations   Machinery and equipment   Construction in progress   Total
 2024                                                                                                                                                      
 At cost of acquisition                      7,025                       8,608                         23,453                    1,405                      40,491
 Accumulated depreciation/impairment         (2,384)                     (4,746)                       (13,976)                  (42)                       (21,149)
 Net book value as of 1 January              4,641                       3,861                         9,477                     1,363                      19,341
 Acquisitions1                               134                         107                           182                       27                         450
 Divestments1                                (41)                        (24)                          (225)                     (21)                       (310)
 Additions                                   35                          6                             11                        1,576                      1,629
 Lease additions                             86                          130                           385                       1                          602
 Disposals                                   (25)                        (3)                           (25)                      (2)                        (54)
 Modifications and reassessments of leases   6                           3                             (6)                       0                          3
 Reclassifications                           68                          333                           1,167                     (1,569)                    (2)
 Depreciation                                (170)                       (362)                         (1,308)                   0                          (1,840)
 Hyperinflation2                             59                          50                            133                       9                          251
 Impairment charge                           (3)                         (71)                          (113)                     0                          (187)
 Reversal of impairment                      0                           0                             0                         3                          3
 Currency translation effects                117                         97                            184                       24                         422
 Net book value as of 31 December            4,907                       4,126                         9,863                     1,411                      20,307
 At cost of acquisition                      7,450                       9,421                         25,018                    1,443                      43,333
 Accumulated depreciation/impairment         (2,543)                     (5,295)                       (15,155)                  (33)                       (23,026)
 Net book value as of 31 December            4,907                       4,126                         9,863                     1,411                      20,307
 2023                                                                                                                                                      
 At cost of acquisition                      7,291                       8,826                         24,447                    1,134                      41,698
 Accumulated depreciation/impairment         (2,346)                     (4,724)                       (14,224)                  (48)                       (21,342)
 Net book value as of 1 January              4,945                       4,103                         10,223                    1,086                      20,356
 Acquisitions1                               160                         118                           208                       6                          492
 Divestments1                                (1)                         (1)                           (2)                       0                          (3)
 Additions                                   9                           7                             20                        1,492                      1,529
 Lease additions                             42                          94                            328                       0                          464
 Disposals                                   (25)                        (7)                           (24)                      6                          (51)
 Modifications and reassessments of leases   2                           (2)                           (11)                      0                          (11)
 Reclassifications                           36                          219                           829                       (1,124)                    (39)
 Depreciation                                (172)                       (336)                         (1,276)                   0                          (1,784)
 Hyperinflation2                             39                          34                            92                        8                          174
 Impairment charge                           (40)                        (31)                          (26)                      (5)                        (103)
 Currency translation effects                (356)                       (338)                         (884)                     (106)                      (1,684)
 Net book value as of 31 December            4,641                       3,861                         9,477                     1,363                      19,341
 At cost of acquisition                      7,025                       8,608                         23,453                    1,405                      40,491
 Accumulated depreciation/impairment         (2,384)                     (4,746)                       (13,976)                  (42)                       (21,149)
 Net book value as of 31 December            4,641                       3,861                         9,477                     1,363                      19,341


1 See more information in note 2.3.

2 See more information in note 2.2.

As of 31 December 2024 and 2023, there is no pledged carrying amount in property, plant and equipment.

“Property, plant and equipment” includes owned property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets for lease contracts, as described below:

Land: Land is leased for production sites and distribution facilities;

Buildings and installations: Buildings and installations include buildings and installations for production purposes as well as office rent;

Machinery, equipment and vehicles: Machinery and equipment are used in the manufacturing and distribution processes. Heavy mobile equipment, trucks and vehicles are leased for production and transportation purposes.

Right-of-use assets 

 Million CHF                                            Land   Buildings and installations   Machinery, equipment and vehicles   Total right-of-use assets
 2024                                                                                                                           
 Net book value as of 1 January                         385    302                           672                                 1,359
 Acquisitions                                           1      9                             3                                   12
 Divestments                                            (3)    (1)                           (6)                                 (9)
 Lease additions                                        86     130                           386                                 602
 Depreciation                                           (62)   (66)                          (261)                               (389)
 Modifications and reassessments of leases              6      3                             (6)                                 3
 Others                                                 0      0                             5                                   5
 Currency translation effects                           10     12                            19                                  40
 Net book value as of 31 December                       424    388                           811                                 1,623
 2023                                                                                                                           
 Net book value as of 1 January                         400    274                           618                                 1,293
 Acquisitions                                           20     19                            22                                  61
 Lease additions                                        43     94                            327                                 464
 Depreciation                                           (57)   (64)                          (238)                               (359)
 Modifications and reassessments of leases and others   2      (2)                           (11)                                (11)
 Currency translation effects                           (23)   (19)                          (47)                                (89)
 Net book value as of 31 December                       385    302                           672                                 1,359


11.3 Goodwill and intangible assets 

 Million CHF                           Goodwill   Intangible assets
 2024                                            
 At cost of acquisition                14,992     3,577
 Accumulated amortization/impairment   (1,403)    (1,451)
 Net book value as of 1 January        13,589     2,127
 Acquisitions1                         561        293
 Divestments1                          (99)       (1)
 Reclassification                      0          1
 Additions                             0          50
 Disposals                             0          (1)
 Amortization                          0          (175)
 Impairment charge                     0          (18)
 Hyperinflation2                       34         1
 Currency translation effects          510        104
 Net book value as of 31 December      14,594     2,380
 At cost of acquisition                15,913     4,026
 Accumulated amortization/impairment   (1,318)    (1,646)
 Net book value as of 31 December      14,594     2,380
 2023                                            
 At cost of acquisition                15,289     3,154
 Accumulated amortization/impairment   (1,615)    (1,385)
 Net book value as of 1 January        13,675     1,769
 Acquisitions1                         845        662
 Reclassification                      0          11
 Additions                             0          42
 Amortization                          0          (191)
 Impairment charge                     0          (2)
 Hyperinflation2                       21         0
 Currency translation effects          (951)      (165)
 Net book value as of 31 December      13,589     2,127
 At cost of acquisition                14,992     3,577
 Accumulated amortization/impairment   (1,403)    (1,451)
 Net book value as of 31 December      13,589     2,127


1 See more information in note 2.3.

2 See more information in note 2.2.

Impairment testing of goodwill

Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations in respect of goodwill 2024 

 Operating segments (Million CHF)   Carrying amount of goodwill   Currency   Post-tax discount rates1   Long-term growth rates1   Rec. EBITDA margins Terminal value
 North America                      4,391                         USD/CAD    6.8%                       2.1%                      35.4%
 Latin America                      1,187                         Various    8.5%-32.4%                 1.5%-26.3%                38.8%
 Europe                             3,978                         Various    5.9%-14.0%                 1.0%-5.0%                 24.7%
 Asia, Middle East & Africa2        965                           Various    6.7%-26.8%                 1.0%-14.4%                25.1%
 Solutions & Products               4,050                         Various    6.5%-6.9%                  1.8%-2.1%                 27.5%
 Others                             23                            USD        5.9%                       1.0%                      n.a
 Total                              14,594                                                                                       


1 The discount rates, long-term growth rates and Recurring EBITDA margin are determined on the relevant market level normally country- or product-related, and thus disclosed as a range at the operating segment level.

2 Including a post-tax discount rate of 9.7% for China.

Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations in respect of goodwill 2023 

 Operating segments (Million CHF)1   Carrying amount of goodwill   Currency   Post-tax discount rates2   Long-term growth rates2   Rec. EBITDA margins Terminal value
 North America                       4,197                         USD/CAD    6.7%                       2.1%                      32.6%
 Latin America                       1,005                         Various    8.2%-56.4%                 1.5%-52.9%                36.2%
 Europe                              3,643                         Various    5.9%-13.9%                 1.0%-5.0%                 22.6%
 Asia, Middle East & Africa3         995                           Various    6.6%-45.2%                 1.5%-39.4%                30.0%
 Solutions & Products4               3,729                         Various    6.2%-8.3%                  1.6%-2.5%                 23.1%
 Others                              21                            USD        5.9%                       1.0%                      n.a
 Total                               13,589                                                                                       


1 With the development and growth of the segment Solutions & Products, Holcim’s segment reporting was changed in 2023 and adapted to our “Strategy 2025 - Accelerating Green Growth”. The four regional operating segments of North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia, Middle East & Africa only include the products cement, aggregates and ready-mix concrete. The separate segment of Solutions & Products is reported globally.

2 The discount rates, long-term growth rates and Recurring EBITDA margin are determined on the relevant market level normally country- or product-related, and thus disclosed as a range at the operating segment level.

3 Including a post-tax discount rate of 9.5% for China.

4 Including goodwill of CHF 630 million resulting from the acquisition of Duro-Last in 2023.

In 2024 and in 2023, no goodwill impairment charge was recognized.

Sensitivity analysis

With regard to the assessment of value-in-use of the different operating segments, management concluded that a reasonably possible change in the post-tax discount rate or in the long-term Recurring EBITDA margin, would not cause their carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.

12. Financial investments and other financial assets

12.1 Accounting principles

Financial investments and other financial assets consist of:

“Financial investments - third parties” are strategic equity investments which are classified at fair value through other comprehensive earnings.

“Long-term receivables - associates and joint ventures” are classified as receivables at amortized cost, as the Group intends to hold the assets to maturity to collect contractual cash flows.

“Long-term receivables - third parties” are classified as receivables at amortized cost, as the Group intends to hold the assets to maturity to collect contractual cash flows.

“Other long-term assets” are classified as receivables at amortized cost and notably comprise various deposits in connection with ongoing legal and tax cases.

Financial assets at amortized cost are measured using the effective interest method.

All purchases and sales of long-term financial assets are recognized on trade date, which is the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. The purchase cost includes transaction costs, except for derivative instruments.

Strategic equity investments are investments where the Group generally owns less than 20% of the shares and where it does not exercise control, joint control or significant influence and which it intends to hold for long-term strategic purposes. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of strategic equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive earnings are included in other reserves until the asset is disposed of, at which time the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other reserves is transferred to retained earnings.

Financial assets measurement

At initial recognition, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in the statement of income.

Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

a) Debt instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments: Loans and receivables at amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in the statement of income when the asset is derecognized or impaired. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost and are held for trading are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Gains and losses on debt investments that are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss and are not part of a hedging relationship are recognized in the statement of income and presented net in the statement of income in the period in which they arise. Interest income from these financial assets is included in financial income.

The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

b) Equity instruments at fair value

The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on strategic equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive earnings, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the statement of income. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized in the statement of income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

12.2 Long-term financial investments and other long-term assets 

 Million CHF                                              2024   2023
 Financial investments - third parties                    152    155
 Financial investments - unconsolidated group companies   46     98
 Long-term receivables - associates and joint ventures    25     78
 Long-term receivables - third parties                    136    78
 Deferred charges                                         47     33
 Other long-term assets                                   131    101
 Total                                                    538    542


Long-term receivables and other long-term assets are primarily denominated in NGN, USD and EUR. The repayment dates vary between one and 26 years (2023: one and 26 years).

In 2024, “Financial investments - unconsolidated Group companies” related to the acquisition of Ghielmicementi SA in Switzerland, which is subject to the provisional purchase price allocation exercise to be completed in 2025 (see Note 2.3).

In 2023, “Financial investments - unconsolidated Group companies” related to three subsidiaries in Europe (W.A.T.T. Recycling in Greece, majority stake in Artepref in Spain and Eco-Readymix in the UK) consolidated in the first quarter of 2024 (see Note 2.3).

12.3 Current financial receivables 

 Million CHF                                                     2024   2023
 Marketable securities                                           5      5
 Current financial receivables - associates and joint ventures   13     13
 Current financial receivables - third parties                   119    109
 Total                                                           137    128
 Of which pledged/restricted                                     56     25


13. Assets and related liabilities classified as held for sale

13.1 Accounting principles

Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale and stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell if their carrying amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use.

13.2 Assets and related liabilities classified as held for sale

The assets and related liabilities classified as held for sale as of 31 December 2024 relate to a cement plant in China. 

 Million CHF                                                               2024   2023
 Inventories                                                               0      33
 Other current assets                                                      0      87
 Property, plant and equipment                                             58     94
 Intangible assets                                                         23     26
 Assets classified as held for sale                                        81     239
 Current liabilities                                                       0      71
 Long-term liabilities                                                     0      32
 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale   0      104
 Net assets classified as held for sale                                    81     136


The assets and related liabilities classified as held for sale as of 31 December 2023, included mainly assets and liabilities of Russia, which were disposed of in the first quarter 2024 (see Note 2.3).

14. Net financial debt

14.1 Accounting principles

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are financial assets. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents is presented net of bank overdrafts.

Derivative instruments and hedging

The Group mainly uses derivative financial instruments to reduce its exposure to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The Group enters into foreign exchange contracts and interest rate swaps and options to hedge certain exposures relating to debt, into foreign exchange contracts to hedge firm commitments for the acquisition of certain property, plant and equipment, and into swaps and options to manage its exposure to commodity risks.

Derivatives are regarded as hedging instruments under hedge accounting relationships, unless they are not designated as hedges, in which case they will be classified as held for trading. Financial derivatives expected to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting period are classified as current liabilities or current assets. For cash flow hedges, gains and losses are recorded in the cash flow hedging reserve, a separate component of equity, and recycled to the statement of income or as a basis adjustment to inventory or property, plant and equipment as the hedged transaction occurs.

Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. The method of recognizing the resulting gain or loss is dependent on the nature of the item being hedged. On the date a derivative contract is entered into, the Group designates certain derivatives as either (a) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability (fair value hedge), or (b) a hedge of a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability, such as future interest payments on floating rate debt (cash flow hedge), or (c) a hedge of a foreign currency risk of a firm commitment or highly probable forecast transaction (cash flow hedge), or (d) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity (accounted for similarly to a cash flow hedge).

Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges and that are highly effective are recorded in the statement of income, along with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the hedged risk.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognized in the cash flow hedging reserve within equity, limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item on a present value basis from the inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the statement of income.

Where the firm commitment results in the recognition of an asset, for example, property, plant and equipment, or a liability, the gains or losses previously deferred in the cash flow hedging reserve are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement of the non-financial asset or liability. Otherwise, amounts deferred in equity are transferred to the statement of income and classified as income or expense in the same periods during which the cash flows, such as hedged firm commitments or interest payments, affect the statement of income.

On inception of a hedge, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, including whether the hedging instrument is expected to offset changes in cash flows of hedged items as well as its risk management objective and strategy.

Long-term financial liabilities

Bank loans acquired and bonds issued are initially recognized at fair value (i.e., the proceeds received), net of transaction costs incurred. Subsequently, bank loans and bonds are stated at amortized cost, using the effective interest method, with any difference between proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value recognized in the statement of income over the term of the borrowings.

Financial liabilities that are due within twelve months of the end of the reporting period are classified as current liabilities, unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for more than twelve months after the reporting period.

The repayment of the current portion of such liabilities is shown in the statement of cash flows in the line “Repayment of long-term financial liabilities”.

14.2 Net financial debt 

 Million CHF                       31.12.2023   Cash flows   Non cash flows   31.12.2024
 Current financial liabilities1    1,416        116          310              1,842
 Long-term financial liabilities   12,665       (1,294)      642              12,014
 Gross financial debt              14,081       (1,178)      952              13,856
 Derivative assets                 (103)        0            42               (61)
 Cash and cash equivalents         (6,082)      748          (13)             (5,347)
 Net Financial Debt                7,896        (430)        982              8,448


1 Including bank overdraft cash flow movement for CHF -9 million. 

 Million CHF                                                     2024      2023
 Net Financial Debt as of 1 January                              7,896     6,032
 Cash flow from operating activities                             (5,667)   (5,470)
 Cash flow from investing activities                             2,037     3,469
 Payout on ordinary shares                                       1,570     1,414
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     164       91
 Coupon paid on subordinated fixed rate resettable notes         13        27
 Net movement of treasury shares1                                951       1,609
 Increase in participation in existing Group companies           12        64
 Repayment from subordinated fixed rate resettable notes2        490       200
 Total cash effective movements as per statement of cash flows   (430)     1,404
 Change in scope3                                                36        142
 Currency translation effects                                    211       (293)
 Increase in long-term lease liabilities                         600       477
 Others                                                          134       134
 Total non cash effective movements                              982       460
 Net Financial Debt as of 31 December                            8,448     7,896


1 Net movement of treasury shares includes cash out of CHF 1,000 million in 2024 and CHF 1,609 million in 2023 related to the share buyback programs (see note 17.2).

2 For more information, see note 17.1.

3 Change in scope predominantly relates to acquisitions (see note 2.3).

14.3 Cash and cash equivalents 

 Million CHF                                                                             2024    2023
 Cash at banks and on hand                                                               3,190   2,808
 Short-term deposits1                                                                    2,157   3,274
 Total                                                                                   5,347   6,082
 Bank overdrafts                                                                         (13)    (31)
 Cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows   5,334   6,052


1 Of which CHF 396 million (2023: CHF 373 million) relates to investments in money market funds.

14.4 Financial liabilities 

 Million CHF                                                       2024     2023
 Current financial liabilities - associates and joint ventures     29       32
 Current financial liabilities - third parties                     150      125
 Current portion of long-term financial liabilities                1,630    1,177
 Derivative liabilities (note 14.5)                                33       82
 Total current financial liabilities                               1,842    1,416
 Long-term financial liabilities - associates and joint ventures   0        1
 Long-term financial liabilities - third parties                   11,113   11,784
 Derivative liabilities (note 14.5)                                900      880
 Total long-term financial liabilities                             12,014   12,665
 Total                                                             13,856   14,081


Details of total financial liabilities 

 Million CHF                          2024     2023
 Loans from financial institutions    290      277
 Bonds and private placements         10,941   11,424
 Total loans and bonds                11,231   11,701
 Lease liabilities (note 14.7)        1,692    1,419
 Derivative liabilities (note 14.5)   934      962
 Total                                13,856   14,081


“Loans from financial institutions” include amounts due to banks and other financial institutions. Repayment dates vary between one and ten years (2023: one and eleven years). As per the loan agreements, the Group is required to comply with certain provisions or covenants. As of 31 December 2024, the Group complied with its debt covenants in all respects.

As of 31 December 2024, the unused committed credit lines totaled CHF 4,883 million (2023: CHF 5,148 million).

Financial liabilities by currency 

            2024          2023
 Currency   Million CHF   In %    Interest rate1   Million CHF   In %    Interest rate1
 EUR        6,633         47.9    +2.1%            6,902         49.0    +2.4%
 USD        4,435         32.0    +5.5%            4,084         29.0    +5.4%
 CHF        1,476         10.7    +0.7%            1,883         13.4    +1.2%
 GBP        738           5.3     +2.5%            677           4.8     +2.5%
 CAD        243           1.8     +4.7%            230           1.6     +4.4%
 AUD        82            0.6     +5.1%            63            0.4     +5.3%
 PLN        67            0.5     +3.8%            61            0.4     +3.1%
 Others     182           1.2     +6.2%            181           1.4     +7.2%
 Total      13,856        100.0   +3.2%            14,081        100.0   +3.2%


1 Weighted average nominal interest rate on financial liabilities as of 31 December.

Information on the maturity of financial instruments is disclosed in Note 14.6.

Bonds and private placements as of 31 December 

 Nominal value Million                                Nominal interest rate   Term        Description1                                                                                          Net book value in CHF2 2024   Net book value in CHF2 2023
 Holcim Ltd                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 CHF                                          150     1.00%                   2015-2025   Bonds                                                                                                 150                           150
 CHF                                          440     1.00%                   2018-2024   Bonds                                                                                                 0                             440
 Lafarge S.A.                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 USD                                          483     7.13%                   2006-2036   Bonds                                                                                                 483                           454
 Holcim Finance (Luxembourg) S.A.                                                                                                                                                                                            
 EUR                                          320     3.00%                   2014-2024   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        0                             297
 EUR                                          33      2.00%                   2016-2026   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                            31                            30
 EUR                                          1,150   2.25%                   2016-2028   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, swapped into floating interest rates in 2019                          1,000                         957
 EUR                                          750     1.75%                   2017-2029   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        701                           692
 EUR                                          500     0.50%                   2019-2026   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        455                           442
 EUR                                          500     2.38%                   2020-2025   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        470                           464
 EUR                                          850     0.50%                   2020-2031   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked), swapped into USD and floating interest rate*  674                           639
 EUR                                          500     0.13%                   2021-2027   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, swapped into USD and floating interest rate                           438                           417
 EUR                                          650     0.63%                   2021-2033   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, swapped into USD                                                      497                           471
 EUR                                          500     0.63%                   2021-2030   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        466                           460
 EUR                                          1,000   0.50%                   2021-2030   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, partially swapped into floating interest rate                         878                           853
 EUR                                          300     1.38%                   2021-2036   Private placement guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                            279                           276
 EUR                                          500     1.50%                   2022-2025   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        470                           464
 EUR                                          150     1.63%                   2022-2026   Private placement guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                   141                           139
 Holcim US Finance (Luxembourg) S.A.                                                                                                                                                                                         
 USD                                          50      4.20%                   2013-2033   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        45                            42
 USD                                          100     2.24%                   2021-2031   Private placement guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                   90                            84
 USD                                          50      7.65%                   2001-2031   Private placement guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                            45                            42
 USD                                          250     6.88%                   2009-2039   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        220                           205
 USD                                          250     6.50%                   2013-2043   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        220                           205
 Holcim Sterling Finance (Netherlands) B.V.                                                                                                                                                                                  
 GBP                                          300     3.00%                   2017-2032   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                        337                           318
 GBP                                          250     2.25%                   2021-2034   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, partially swapped into CHF and floating interest rate                 240                           231
 Subtotal                                                                                                                                                                                       8,330                         8,774


1 With fixed rates unless indicated.

2 Includes adjustments for fair value hedge accounting, where applicable.

* Sustainability-linked instrument. 

 Nominal value Million                    Nominal interest rate   Term        Description1                                                                                        Net book value in CHF2 2024   Net book value in CHF2 2023
 Subtotal                                                                                                                                                                         8,330                         8,774
 Holcim International Finance Ltd                                                                                                                                                                              
 USD                                38    4.38%                   2018-2024   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                          0                             32
 USD                                60    4.59%                   2018-2025   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                          54                            50
 USD                                65    5.34%                   2022-2025   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, with floating interest rate (sustainability-linked)*    59                            55
 USD                                58    5.49%                   2022-2027   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, with floating interest rate (sustainability-linked)*    52                            48
 USD                                25    5.74%                   2022-2029   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, with floating interest rate (sustainability-linked)*    23                            21
 Holcim Finance US LLC                                                                                                                                                                                         
 USD                                400   3.50%                   2016-2026   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                      361                           336
 USD                                590   4.75%                   2016-2046   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                      521                           485
 Holcim Continental Finance Ltd                                                                                                                                                                                
 EUR                                109   1.32%                   2018-2024   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                          0                             101
 EUR                                5     1.68%                   2018-2025   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                          5                             5
 EUR                                2     2.22%                   2018-2028   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                          1                             1
 EUR                                55    3.37%                   2022-2025   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, with floating interest rates (sustainability-linked)*   52                            51
 EUR                                42    2.11%                   2022-2027   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                 39                            38
 EUR                                250   3.52%                   2022-2027   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, with floating interest rates (sustainability-linked)*   235                           232
 EUR                                59    2.53%                   2022-2029   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                 55                            54
 EUR                                86    3.77%                   2022-2029   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, with floating interest rates (sustainability-linked)*   80                            79
 EUR                                24    2.99%                   2022-2032   Schuldschein loan guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                 23                            22
 Holcim Helvetia Finance Ltd                                                                                                                                                                                   
 CHF                                300   0.25%                   2021-2027   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                      300                           300
 CHF                                145   0.13%                   2021-2027   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd                                                                      145                           145
 CHF                                185   0.50%                   2021-2031   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd, swapped into floating interest rates                                183                           171
 CHF                                325   0.38%                   2022-2026   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                             323                           321
 CHF                                100   1.00%                   2022-2032   Bonds guaranteed by Holcim Ltd (sustainability-linked)*                                             100                           101
 Total                                                                                                                                                                            10,941                        11,424


1 With fixed rates unless indicated.

2 Includes adjustments for fair value hedge accounting, where applicable.

* Sustainability-linked instrument.

14.5 Derivative financial instruments

Derivative liabilities are included in financial liabilities (Note 14.4) and derivative assets are separately disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position. The Group assessed the effects of existing netting arrangements in place for financial instruments and these were considered to be immaterial.

Derivative assets and liabilities 

 Million CHF               Fair value assets 2024   Fair value liabilities 2024   Nominal amount 2024   Fair value assets 2023   Fair value liabilities 2023   Nominal amount 2023
 Fair value hedges                                                                                                                                            
 Interest rate             0                        460                           3,776                 0                        578                           4,053
 Total fair value hedges   0                        460                           3,776                 0                        578                           4,053
 Cash flow hedges                                                                                                                                             
 Interest rate             1                        0                             470                   82                       0                             664
 Currency                  4                        2                             235                   1                        5                             231
 Cross-currency            0                        365                           2,348                 0                        225                           2,201
 Commodity                 25                       103                           877                   19                       124                           816
 Total cash flow hedges    30                       471                           3,930                 102                      354                           3,913
 Held for trading                                                                                                                                             
 Currency                  31                       3                             2,698                 1                        30                            1,919
 Total held for trading    31                       3                             2,698                 1                        30                            1,919
 Total                     61                       934                           10,403                103                      962                           9,884


14.6 Financial risks associated with operating activities

Group Risk Management

Group Risk Management supports the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and the countries’ management teams in analyzing overall risk exposure. Group Risk Management aims to systematically identify, monitor and manage major risks encountered by the Group. All types of risks from industrial, operational, financial and legal risks, up to risks associated with the external business environment, are considered, including compliance, sustainability and reputational aspects. Risks are understood as the effect of uncertainty on business objectives, which can present an opportunity or a threat. The risk horizon includes long-term strategic risks but also short- to medium-term business risks. Potential risks are identified and evaluated at an early stage and monitored. Mitigating actions are proposed and implemented at the appropriate level, so that risk management remains a key management responsibility.

The Group’s risk map is established by strategic, operational and topical risk assessments, which are combined into a Group risk report. Besides the countries, the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and the corporate function heads are involved in the risk assessment during the Group’s management cycle. The results of the annual Group risk process are presented to the Executive Committee and the conclusions reported to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee.

Country risk

Holcim operates in many countries across the world and is exposed, directly or indirectly, to the effects of economic, political and social instability such as trade protectionism, foreign exchange volatility, geopolitical tensions, terrorism, civil war and unrest. Holcim’s broad geographic footprint exposes the Group to the adverse consequences of shifts in the geopolitical dynamics, which can spark social unrest, government interventionism leading to reduced access to utilities and raw materials, changes in the sanctions environment and supply chain disruptions.

Financial risk management

The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including liquidity, interest rate, foreign exchange, commodity and credit risk. The Group’s overall risk management focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Group. The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange contracts, commodity and interest rate swaps and options to hedge certain exposures. The Group does not enter into derivative or other financial transactions which are unrelated to its business needs or for speculative purposes.

Financial risk management within the Group is governed by policies approved by key management personnel. It provides principles for overall risk management as well as policies covering specific areas such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and the investment of cash.

Liquidity risk

Group companies need liquidity to meet their obligations. Individual companies are responsible for raising internal and external credit lines to cover their liquidity needs, subject to guidance from the Group.

The Group monitors its liquidity risk by using a recurring liquidity planning tool and maintains cash, readily realizable marketable securities and unused committed credit lines to meet its liquidity requirements. In addition, the strong creditworthiness of the Group allows it to access international financial markets for financing purposes.

Cash is primarily invested with highly rated banks or money market funds and is readily accessible in the respective entities.

Contractual maturity analysis 

                                                        Contractual undiscounted cash flows
 Million CHF                                            Within 1 year   Within 2 years   Within 3 years   Within 4 years
 2024                                                                                                    
 Trade accounts payable and others1                     4,612           0                0                0
 Loans from financial institutions                      206             59               13               5
 Bonds, private placements and commercial paper notes   1,259           1,328            1,241            1,083
 Interest payments                                      235             208              183              175
 Lease liability payments                               397             324              277              226
 Derivative financial instruments net2                  130             189              243              104
 Total                                                  6,840           2,108            1,956            1,593
 2023                                                                                                    
 Trade accounts payable and others1                     4,314           0                0                0
 Loans from financial institutions                      176             53               36               5
 Bonds, private placements and commercial paper notes   870             1,241            1,296            1,229
 Interest payments                                      248             229              204              178
 Lease liability payments                               326             281              226              188
 Derivative financial instruments net2                  233             201              180              213
 Total                                                  6,167           2,005            1,942            1,813


                                                        Contractual undiscounted cash flows  
 Million CHF                                            Within 5 years                        Thereafter   Total    Carrying amount
 2024                                                                                                              
 Trade accounts payable and others1                     0                                     0            4,612    4,612
 Loans from financial institutions                      2                                     6            290      290
 Bonds, private placements and commercial paper notes   863                                   5,634        11,408   10,941
 Interest payments                                      148                                   1,154        2,103    108
 Lease liability payments                               149                                   570          1,943    1,692
 Derivative financial instruments net2                  101                                   474          1,242    873
 Total                                                  1,263                                 7,838        21,598  
 2023                                                                                                              
 Trade accounts payable and others1                     0                                     0            4,314    4,314
 Loans from financial institutions                      3                                     5            277      277
 Bonds, private placements and commercial paper notes   1,070                                 6,307        12,013   11,424
 Interest payments                                      168                                   1,222        2,248    122
 Lease liability payments                               126                                   436          1,583    1,419
 Derivative financial instruments net2                  106                                   443          1,376    859
 Total                                                  1,473                                 8,413        21,812  


1 Trade accounts payable and others include trade accounts payable and payables related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment included in other current liabilities.

2 The contractual cash flows include both cash inflows and outflows.

The maturity profile is based on contractual undiscounted amounts, including both interest and principal cash flows, and is based on the earliest date on which Holcim could be required to pay. Contractual interest cash flows relating to a variable interest rate are calculated based on the rates prevailing as of year-end.

The table below shows outflows (inflows) for net and gross settled derivatives entered into for the purpose of managing financial risks. Additional information is disclosed in Note 14.5.

Cash outflows / (inflows) for derivative financial instruments 

                             Within 1 year   Within 2 years   Within 3 years   Within 4 years
 2024                                                                         
 Net settled derivatives     117             136              119              66
 Gross settled derivatives   14              53               124              38
 - of which inflows          (3,047)         (74)             (545)            (59)
 - of which outflows         3,061           127              668              97
 Total                       130             189              243              104
 2023                                                                         
 Net settled derivatives     161             157              136              131
 Gross settled derivatives   72              43               44               82
 - of which inflows          (2,221)         (99)             (99)             (564)
 - of which outflows         2,293           142              142              646
 Total                       233             201              180              213


                             Within 5 years   Thereafter   Total     Carrying amount
 2024                                                               
 Net settled derivatives     63               181          682       538
 Gross settled derivatives   38               293          560       335
 - of which inflows          (59)             (1,734)      (5,519)  
 - of which outflows         97               2,027        6,078    
 Total                       101              474          1,242     873
 2023                                                               
 Net settled derivatives     74               215          874       601
 Gross settled derivatives   32               228          501       258
 - of which inflows          (77)             (1,831)      (4,891)  
 - of which outflows         109              2,058        5,391    
 Total                       106              443          1,376     859


Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk arises from movements in interest rates, which could affect the Group’s financial result and the market value of its financial instruments. The Group is primarily exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on its financial liabilities at floating rates, which could influence the Group’s financial result. This exposure is mainly addressed through the management of the fixed/floating ratio of financial liabilities. To manage this mix, the Group may enter into interest rate swap and options agreements, whereby it exchanges periodic payments based on notional amounts and agreed-upon fixed and floating interest rates. The Group is also exposed to the evolution of interest rates and credit markets for its future refinancing, which could result in a lower or higher cost of financing. The Group constantly monitors credit markets and its financing strategy aims to achieve a well-balanced maturity profile to reduce both the refinancing risk and significant fluctuations in its financing costs.

The Group’s risk management policy with regard to interest rate risk is to keep the risk at an acceptable level, while minimizing the interest expense over the long term, in accordance with the Group’s funding strategy. Consequently, under the Group’s risk management policy, the Group may enter into derivative contracts which are designated as either cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, as appropriate and also include the hedging of forecasted transactions.

Interest rate sensitivity

The Group’s sensitivity analysis has been determined based on the interest rate exposure relating to the Group’s financial liabilities at a variable rate on a post hedge basis corresponding to CHF 4,213 million as of 31 December 2024.

A one percentage point change is used when the interest rate risk is reported internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates.

As of 31 December 2024, a one percentage point shift in interest rates, with all other assumptions held constant, would result in approximately CHF 44 million (2023: CHF 39 million) of annual additional/lower financial expenses before tax on a post hedge basis.

Foreign exchange risk

The Group’s global footprint exposes it to foreign exchange risks.

The translation of foreign operations into the Group reporting currency leads to currency translation effects. The Group may hedge certain net investments in foreign entities with foreign currency borrowings or other instruments. To the extent that the net investment hedge is effective, all foreign exchange gains or losses are recognized in equity and included in currency translation adjustments.

Due to the local nature of the construction materials business, foreign exchange risk is limited. However, for many Group companies, income is primarily in local currency, whereas debt servicing and a significant proportion of capital expenditures may be in foreign currencies. Consequently, under the Group’s risk management policy, the Group may enter into derivative contracts which are designated as either cash flow hedges or fair value hedges and may also include the hedging of forecasted transactions.

Foreign exchange sensitivity

The Group’s sensitivity analysis is performed based on the Group’s net transaction exposure arising on monetary financial assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies as of 31 December. The Group’s net foreign currency transaction risk mainly arises from CHF, USD and EUR against the respective currencies the Group operates in.

A 5% change is used when the net foreign currency transaction risk is reported internally to key management personnel and represents the management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates.

A 5% change in CHF, USD and EUR against the respective currencies the Group operates in would have an immaterial impact on foreign exchange (loss) gains on a post hedge basis in both the current and prior year.

The impact on equity of derivative instruments is considered immaterial in relation to the Group’s shareholders’ equity.

Commodity risk

The Group is primarily subject to commodity risk with respect to price changes in the electricity, natural gas, petcoke, coal, oil, refined products and sea freight markets. In accordance with the Group’s risk management policy, the Group uses derivative instruments to hedge part of its exposure to these risks. Derivative instruments are generally limited to swaps and options.

Effects of hedge accounting

Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedging relationship as well as through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.

Ineffectiveness is recognized on hedges where the cumulative change in the designated component value of the hedging instrument exceeds on an absolute basis the change in value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk. Ineffectiveness may arise if there is a difference in the principal terms of the hedging instrument and designated hedged risk, from credit valuation of the hedging instrument or timing of the transaction changes from what was originally estimated.

The effects of applying hedge accounting on the Group’s financial position with regard to cash flow, fair value and net investment hedge accounting relationships are as follows:

a) Cash flow hedge accounting

In 2024, the change in fair value of hedging instruments under cash flow hedge accounting was CHF 76 million (2023: CHF 25 million). The change in related hedged items was CHF -76 million (2023: CHF -25 million) and no ineffectiveness was recorded in the consolidated statement of income in 2024 and 2023. 

 Cash flow hedge - hedging instruments: maturity analysis   2024        2023
 Foreign exchange forwards                                  2025        2024
 Interest rate swaps and options                            2033        2033
 Commodity swaps and options                                2025-2037   2024-2037
 Cross currency swaps                                       2027-2034   2027-2034


When a hedging instrument expires, is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the cumulative gain or loss deferred in equity at that time remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs, resulting in the recognition of a non-financial asset such as property, plant and equipment or inventory against which the cumulative gains and losses are adjusted. When the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of income.

The closing balance in the cash flow hedge reserve for hedges that are accounted for as cash flow hedge was CHF -25 million (2023: CHF -51 million).

b) Fair value hedge accounting

In 2024, the change in fair value of hedging instruments under fair value hedge accounting was CHF 112 million (2023: CHF 283 million). The change in related hedged items was CHF -112 million (2023: CHF -283 million) and no ineffectiveness was recorded directly in the consolidated statement of income in 2024 or 2023 for fair value hedges. 

 Fair value hedge - hedging instruments: maturity analysis   2024        2023
 Interest rate swaps                                         2027-2034   2026-2034


When a hedging instrument expires, is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the cumulative gain or loss recorded in the carrying value of the hedged item is amortized over the life of the hedged item using the effective interest rate. When the hedged item is sold or terminated, the cumulative gains and losses recorded in the carrying value are recognized in financial income (expense).

c) Net investment hedge accounting

No outstanding hedging instruments as of 31 December 2024 or 31 December 2023.

When a hedging instrument expires, is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the cumulative gain or loss deferred in equity remains in equity and will be reclassified to profit (loss) on disposal when the forecast transaction occurs (i.e., disposal of a subsidiary).

The closing balance in the foreign currency translation reserve for hedges that are accounted for as net investment hedge was CHF -1 million (2023: CHF 19 million).

Credit risk

Credit risk arises in part from the possibility that customers may not be able to settle their obligations as agreed. To manage this risk, the Group periodically assesses its customers’ financial reliability.

Credit risk, or the risk of counterparties defaulting, is constantly monitored. Counterparties to financial instruments consist of a large number of established financial institutions. The Group does not expect any counterparty to be unable to fulfil its obligations under its respective financing agreements. At year-end, Holcim had no significant concentration of credit risk with any single counterparty or group of counterparties.

The Group considers the probability of default on initial recognition of accounts receivable, based on lifetime expected credit losses, by considering available, reasonable and supportable historical and forward-looking information.

The Group considers the probability of default on initial recognition of long-term loans and receivables, and assesses whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period, by considering available reasonable and supportable historical and forward-looking information.

The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The following credit risk modelling is applied to financial assets:

a) Accounts receivable

For accounts receivable, the Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to calculating expected lifetime credit losses (ECL).

b) Long-term loans and receivables

The Group uses three categories for long-term loans and receivables, reflecting their credit risk and how the loan loss provision is determined for each of those categories.

The assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss model are summarized below: 

 Category         Definition
 Performing       Customers have a low risk of default and a strong capacity to meet contractual cash flows
 Non-performing   Interest and/or principal repayments are past due and credit risk level shows an increase
 Write-off        Based on observable data, the payments will not be collected


Each exposure is allocated to a credit risk category on initial recognition based on available information about the borrower. Exposures are subject to ongoing monitoring, which may result in an exposure being moved to a different credit risk category.

Over the term of the loans, the Group accounts for its credit risk by providing for expected credit losses on a timely basis. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the company considers historical loss rates for each category of customers and adjusts for forward-looking macroeconomic data. No significant changes to estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the reporting period.

Capital structure

The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to secure the Group’s financial needs as a going concern, as well as to cater to its growth targets, enabling it to provide returns to shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders as well as to maintain a solid investment grade rating.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions, business activities, investment and expansion programs as well as the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or modify the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, increase debt or sell assets to reduce debt.

Fair value estimation

The fair value of publicly traded financial instruments is generally based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.

For non-publicly traded financial instruments, the fair value is determined by using a variety of methods, such as the discounted cash flow method and option pricing models. The valuation methods seek to maximize the use of observable market data available at the end of the reporting period.

The fair value of current financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost is assessed to approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.

Fair values as of 31 December 2024 

                                                                                                                                                        Carrying amount (by measurement basis)
 Million CHF                                                          IFRS 9 category                                                                   Amortized cost   Fair value level 1   Fair value level 2   Fair value level 3   Total
 Current financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            Financial assets                                                                  5,347                                                                           5,347
 Trade accounts receivable                                            Receivables at amortized cost                                                     2,613                                                                           2,613
 Current financial receivables                                        Receivables at amortized cost                                                     137                                                                             137
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for hedging at fair value                                                                                          24                                        24
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for trading at fair value                                                                                          31                                        31
 Long-term financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Long-term receivables                                                Loans at amortized cost                                                           161                                                                             161
 Financial investments third parties                                  Strategic equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive earnings                                         152                                       152
 Long-term derivative assets                                          Held for hedging at fair value                                                                                          6                                         6
 Current financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Trade accounts payable and others2                                   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           4,612                                                                           4,612
 Current financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)     Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           1,809                                                                           1,809
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value                                                                                          31                                        31
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for trading at fair value                                                                                          3                                         3
 Long-term financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Long-term financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           11,113                                                                          11,113
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value4                                                                                         871                  29                   900


 Million CHF                                                          IFRS 9 category                                                                   Comparative fair value
 Current financial assets                                                                                                                              
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            Financial assets                                                                 
 Trade accounts receivable                                            Receivables at amortized cost                                                    
 Current financial receivables                                        Receivables at amortized cost                                                    
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for hedging at fair value                                                   
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for trading at fair value                                                   
 Long-term financial assets                                                                                                                            
 Long-term receivables                                                Loans at amortized cost                                                           1631
 Financial investments third parties                                  Strategic equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive earnings  
 Long-term derivative assets                                          Held for hedging at fair value                                                   
 Current financial liabilities                                                                                                                         
 Trade accounts payable and others2                                   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                          
 Current financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)     Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                          
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value                                                   
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for trading at fair value                                                   
 Long-term financial liabilities                                                                                                                       
 Long-term financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           10,8573
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value4                                                  


1 The comparative fair value for long-term receivables consists of level 2 fair value measurements.

2 Trade accounts payable and others include payables related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment included in other liabilities.

3 The comparative fair value for long-term financial liabilities consists of CHF 8,813 million level 1 and CHF 2,044 million level 2 fair value measurements.

4 In 2024, the derivatives held for hedging classified as level 3 are linked to long-term virtual power purchase agreements.

Fair values as of 31 December 2023 

                                                                                                                                                        Carrying amount (by measurement basis)
 Million CHF                                                          IFRS 9 category                                                                   Amortized cost   Fair value level 1   Fair value level 2   Fair value level 3   Total
 Current financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            Financial assets                                                                  6,082                                                                           6,082
 Trade accounts receivable                                            Receivables at amortized cost                                                     2,723                                                                           2,723
 Current financial receivables                                        Receivables at amortized cost                                                     128                                                                             128
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for hedging at fair value                                                                                          12                                        12
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for trading at fair value                                                                                          1                                         1
 Long-term financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Long-term receivables                                                Loans at amortized cost                                                           156                                                                             156
 Financial investments third parties                                  Strategic equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive earnings                                         155                                       155
 Long-term derivative assets                                          Held for hedging at fair value                                                                                          90                                        90
 Current financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Trade accounts payable and others2                                   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           4,314                                                                           4,314
 Current financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)     Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           1,334                                                                           1,334
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value                                                                                          52                                        52
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for trading at fair value                                                                                          30                                        30
 Long-term financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Long-term financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           11,785                                                                          11,785
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value4                                                                                         850                  30                   880


 Million CHF                                                          IFRS 9 category                                                                   Comparative fair value
 Current financial assets                                                                                                                              
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            Financial assets                                                                 
 Trade accounts receivable                                            Receivables at amortized cost                                                    
 Current financial receivables                                        Receivables at amortized cost                                                    
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for hedging at fair value                                                   
 Short-term derivative assets                                         Held for trading at fair value                                                   
 Long-term financial assets                                                                                                                            
 Long-term receivables                                                Loans at amortized cost                                                           1561
 Financial investments third parties                                  Strategic equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive earnings  
 Long-term derivative assets                                          Held for hedging at fair value                                                   
 Current financial liabilities                                                                                                                         
 Trade accounts payable and others2                                   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                          
 Current financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)     Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                          
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value                                                   
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for trading at fair value                                                   
 Long-term financial liabilities                                                                                                                       
 Long-term financial liabilities (excluding derivative liabilities)   Financial liabilities at amortized cost                                           11,5333
 Derivative liabilities                                               Held for hedging at fair value4                                                  


1 The comparative fair value for long-term receivables consists of level 2 fair value measurements.

2 Trade accounts payable and others include payables related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment included in other liabilities.

3 The comparative fair value for long-term financial liabilities consists of CHF 9,397 million level 1 and CHF 2,137 million level 2 fair value measurements.

4 In 2023, the derivatives held for hedging classified as level 3 are linked to long-term virtual power purchase agreements.

The table above shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and liabilities.

The levels of fair value hierarchy used are defined as follows:

Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The types of assets carried at level 1 fair value are equity and debt securities listed in active markets;

Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques using inputs for the asset or liability that are observable market data, either directly or indirectly. Such valuation techniques include the discounted cash flow method and option pricing models. For example, the fair value of interest rate and currency swaps is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows, and the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using the forward exchange market at the end of the reporting period; and

Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data. In 2024 and 2023, the hedging derivative instruments classified as level 3 are linked to long-term virtual power purchase agreements.

There were no transfers between the different hierarchy levels in 2024 or 2023.

14.7 Leases

At the inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether it contains a lease under IFRS 16 Leases and accordingly recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability if it meets the definition of a lease, with the exception of short-term leases and leases of low-value assets.

The lease liability is measured as of the commencement date at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the lessee’s respective incremental borrowing rate. Future lease payments include in-substance fixed payments, variable lease payments depending on an index or rate, and payments under termination and extension options when these are reflected in the lease term. The lease term comprises the noncancellable lease term together with the period covered by extension options, if assessed as reasonably certain to be exercised, and termination options, if assessed as reasonably certain not to be exercised. Non-lease components in contracts are separated from lease components and accordingly accounted for in operating profit on a cost-incurred basis.

The right-of-use asset is recognized at the commencement date at cost, which includes the amount of the lease liability recognized, any lease payments made on or before the commencement date of the lease, initial direct costs incurred, and an estimate of costs to be incurred in dismantling and removing the underlying asset or restoring the asset to the condition agreed with the lessor. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are subject to the impairment requirements under IAS 36 Impairments of Assets. The right-of-use assets recorded as of 31 December 2024 are outlined in Note 11.2.

In the event that the tax base of a right-of-use asset is not the same as its carrying amount for IFRS purposes, on initial recognition of a lease contract, the Group recognizes the deferred tax impact arising on the temporary difference between the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset and its tax base. The above treatment is also applied to the initial recognition of the lease liability.

As of 31 December 2024, the current portion of the long-term lease liability included in current financial liabilities amounted to CHF 343 million (2023: CHF 289 million) and the long-term lease liabilities included in long-term financial liabilities amounted to CHF 1,349 million (2023: CHF 1,130 million).

Various contracts entered into by the Group include extension options, which provide the Group with greater flexibility in terms of the future procurement of assets and services. Extension options are included in the lease liability only if they are assessed by management as being reasonably certain to be exercised. The undiscounted future lease payments relating to periods covered by extension options not included in the lease liability at year-end amount to CHF 168 million (2023: CHF 88 million).

Additional information related to leases 

 Million CHF                                                   2024    2023
 Statement of income                                                  
 Expenses for short-term lease payments                        (105)   (107)
 Expenses for variable lease payments                          (27)    (42)
 Cash outflow for leases                                              
 Cash outflow for short-term, low value and variable leases1   (134)   (151)
 Payment of interest1                                          (78)    (63)
 Payment of lease liabilities2                                 (389)   (357)
 Total                                                         (601)   (571)


1 Included within cash flow from operating activities.

2 Included within cash flow from financing activities.

In certain lease agreements for machinery, equipment and vehicles, variable lease payments are included based on operating hours used, kilometers traveled or output. These leases provide greater flexibility in terms of usage, such as for certain types of trucks and vehicles where operating levels depend on production capacity and demand.

The contractual undiscounted future cash outflows for leases included in lease liabilities as of 31 December 2024 are disclosed in Note 14.6.

15. Employee benefits and share compensation plans

15.1 Accounting principles

Employee benefits - Defined benefit plans

Some Group companies provide defined benefit pension (pension) or other post-employment benefit plans for employees. The Group uses professionally qualified independent actuaries to value the defined benefit obligations on a regular basis. The obligation and costs of pension benefits are determined using the projected unit credit method. The projected unit credit method considers each period of service as giving rise to an additional unit of benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation. Past service costs, which comprise plan amendments and curtailments, and gains or losses on the settlement of pension benefits, are recognized immediately in the statement of income when they occur.

Remeasurements, which comprise actuarial gains and losses on the pension and other post-employment obligations, the return on plan assets and changes in the effect of the asset ceiling excluding amounts in net interest, are recognized directly in other comprehensive earnings and are not reclassified to the statement of income in a subsequent period. The pension and other post-employment obligations are measured as the present value of estimated future cash flows using discount rates that are determined by reference to the interest rates on high-quality corporate bonds, with the currency and terms of the corporate bonds consistent with the currency and estimated terms of the pension and other post-employment obligations.

A net pension asset is recorded only to the extent that it does not exceed the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

The cost of pension and other post-employment plans charged to the statement of income consists of service cost (current service cost, past service cost and curtailments as well as gains or losses on settlements) and the net interest expense. The service costs are recorded in “Production cost of goods sold”, “Distribution and selling expenses” or “Administration expenses” based on the beneficiaries of the plans; the net interest expense is recorded in “Financial expenses” (Note 7.3).

Employee benefits - Defined contribution plans

In addition to the defined benefit plans described above, some Group companies sponsor defined contribution plans based on local practices and regulations. The Group’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the statement of income in the period to which the contributions relate.

Employee benefits - Other long-term employment benefits

Other long-term employment benefits include long-service leave or sabbatical leave, medical aid, jubilee or other long-service benefits, long-term disability benefits and, if they are not expected to be settled fully within twelve months after the year-end, profit sharing, variable and deferred compensation.

The measurement of these obligations differs from defined benefit plans in that all remeasurements are recognized immediately in the statement of income.

Employee benefits - Share compensation plans

The Group operates various equity-settled share-based compensation plans. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options or shares is recognized as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted. The amounts are charged to the statement of income over the relevant vesting periods and adjusted to reflect actual and expected levels of vesting.

15.2 Group risks management

The Group operates a range of defined benefit pension schemes and similar contingent obligation schemes across various countries. The assets and liabilities of these schemes may experience significant volatility based on prevailing market conditions.

These unforeseen deficits may require cash contributions to fund unrecoverable amounts, which could vary significantly from year to year due to external factors. These contributions may in turn impact the Group’s financial results.

To mitigate these risks, where possible, the Group has taken measures to close, freeze, and terminate these defined benefit pension schemes and has deployed scheme-appropriate asset allocations in order to mitigate volatility and optimize investment returns.

The Group participates in several union-sponsored multi-employer pension plans in the U.S. These plans are susceptible to substantial deficits arising from market conditions, business decisions, trustee decisions, plan failures, and the actions and decisions of other contributing employers. The Group, however, has minimal control over the management of these plans. There is a material risk that substantial cash contributions could be required in the future to meet outstanding obligations under these plans. Fulfilling the Group’s obligations may have a material impact on the Group’s reported financial results. Currently, the financial condition of these plans is not disclosed in the Group’s financial reports.

The Group continuously reviews these plans with the primary objective of gaining a thorough understanding of their financial circumstances. The aim is to explore all available options to mitigate risks as well as to reduce the Group’s actual and potential financial obligations. It is important to note that the Group’s ability to take action is constrained, as participation in these plans is contingent upon negotiations with bargaining unions.

15.3 Employee benefits

Personnel expenses and number of employees

The Group’s total personnel expenses, including social charges, are recognized in the relevant expenditure line by function in the consolidated statement of income, amounting to CHF 4,781 million (2023: CHF 4,493 million). As of 31 December 2024, the Group employed 63,665 FTEs (2023: 63,448 FTEs).

Defined benefit pension plans

Oversight of the Group’s pension plans is conducted by the Pension and Benefits Governance team, an interdisciplinary team comprising representatives from the Finance, Human Resources and Legal functions. This team, which makes recommendations to the Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO), serves as a center of expertise for all issues relating to pension and other post-employment benefits. A documented directive is used as the foundation for management actions and decisions.

The Group’s principal defined benefit pension plans are situated in the UK, Switzerland and North America. They respectively represent 54% (2023: 53%), 30% (2023: 24%) and 8% (2023: 15%) of the Group’s total defined benefit obligation for pensions. These main plans are funded through legally separate trustee-managed funds. The cash funding of these plans, which may sometimes include special payments, is designed to ensure that past, present and future contributions should be sufficient to meet future liabilities.

Where feasible, defined benefit pension schemes have been closed and frozen. Given the potential for substantial volatility in the assets and liabilities of these plans, several strategic actions are continuously under consideration and implementation to mitigate and eliminate, where possible, the associated risks. These include, for example, employing investment strategies that consider the benefit obligations and selective settlements.

Unfunded pension plans are mainly those which do not require advanced funding, often plans outside of the qualification limits of tax regimes or mandatory retirement indemnity schemes.

United Kingdom (UK)

The companies operate three defined benefit pension plans in the UK: the Lafarge UK pension plan, the Aggregate Industries pension plan and the Ronez 2000 pension plan. Pensions payable to employees are determined by the average final salary and length of service. Independent boards of Trustees manage the plans, with the Lafarge UK pension plan and Aggregate Industries pension plans registered under UK tax law, while the Ronez 2000 pension plan is located in the Channel Islands. All three plans are closed to new entrants and are frozen to future accrual. Funding deficits within these plans, if any, are addressed through employer contributions. These contributions are negotiated every three years based on plan valuations carried out by independent actuaries.

For the Lafarge UK pension plan, based on the 30 June 2021 funding valuation, no deficit repair contributions were required, as the plan had a funding surplus at this date. The funding valuation as of 30 June 2024 is currently underway.

For the Aggregate Industries pension plan, based on the 5 April 2021 funding valuation and in recognition of contributions of GBP 85 million being paid in after the valuation date, a contribution schedule was agreed with no further contributions until 30 June 2025, with monthly deficit repair contributions then payable until 31 March 2027 to remove the funding deficit. The funding valuation as of 31 March 2024 is currently underway.

As of the 31 December 2021 funding valuation for the Ronez 2000 pension plan, no deficit repair contributions were required, as the plan had a funding surplus at this date.

In relation to risk management and asset allocation, the Boards of Trustees aim to ensure that they can fulfil their obligations to the beneficiaries of the plans, both in the short and long-term. While prioritizing this primary objective, the Boards of Trustees target to maximize the long-term investment return while appropriately minimizing risk and volatility. The Boards of Trustees are responsible for the plans’ long-term investment strategies but usually delegate strategy design and monitoring to Investment Committees.

There was a High Court ruling in the case of Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees II Limited and others in June 2023, and subsequent appeal outcome on 25 July 2024, which make void any amendment to the rules of a contracted out pension scheme without required actuarial confirmation under Regulation 42(2) of the Occupational Pension Schemes (Contracting Out) Regulations 1996, for the pension plans in question. This confirmed that actuarial confirmations should have been provided for amendments made to contracted-out schemes in the period between 6 April 1997 and 5 April 2016. The Trustees of the Plans and the Directors work closely together and take appropriate legal and professional advice when making amendments to the Plans’ rules. Since the appeal ruling, the Company has engaged its legal advisers as well as the Plans’ Trustee in order to consider the matter further in the context of the Scheme’s particular circumstances and that work is ongoing at this stage. As a result, it is not currently possible to reliably estimate if there is any potential impact on the defined benefit obligations of the Pension Schemes should any such amendments be found to be not in accordance with section 37 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 requirements.

Switzerland

In Switzerland, the pension plans of the Swiss entities are structured as cash balance benefit plans and are accounted for as a defined benefit plans. Contributions, from both employer and employees, are determined in the various pension fund rules based on age-related sliding scales of percentages of salary. Under Swiss law, the pension fund guarantees the vested benefit amount to its members. Additionally, interest above legal requirements may be added to member balances at the discretion of the Board of Trustees (composed of half employer and half employees’ representatives). Upon reaching retirement date, members have the right to take their retirement benefit as a lump sum, an annuity, or a combination of both, with the balance converted to a fixed annuity at the rates defined in the fund rules. The Board of Trustees may also increase the annuity at their discretion, contingent on the plan’s funded status and the availability of sufficient free funds, as determined according to Swiss statutory valuation rules. These Swiss pension plans comply with the regulatory framework, ensuring a minimum level of benefits.

Consolidated Swiss entities maintain pension plans in nine pension funds. The two primary pension funds for the Swiss entities are Holcim Pension Fund and Pension Fund of Holcim Switzerland. These funds exclusively cover Holcim employees, accounting for around 95% of the consolidated plan assets and liabilities in Switzerland.

North America (U.S. and Canada)

The companies operate both defined contribution plans and defined benefit pension plans. The majority of the defined benefit pension plans are closed to new entrants and frozen to future accruals. Under defined benefit pension plans, pensions payable to employees depend on average final salary and length of service within the Group. For defined contribution plans, benefits depend on accrued contributions with returns at retirement.

The Group companies are obligated to contribute a minimum amount annually to the defined benefit pension plans, which are determined actuarially and are comprised of service costs, if any, but also of administrative expenses, as well as payments toward any existing deficits.

In North America, the Group companies generally meet the minimum required contributions as prescribed under applicable pension legislation. Occasionally, additional voluntary amounts are considered and remitted as advanced contributions.

Various responsibilities are delegated to Pension Committees. These committees are tasked with defining and managing long-term investment strategies aimed at mitigating risks, including interest rate risks and longevity risks.

Assets in North America include a certain proportion which hedge the liability swings against interest rate movements. These assets primarily invested in fixed income investments, particularly intermediate and longer-term securities.

Canadian Salaried Defined benefit plan

In 2022, a buy-in contract was acquired from an insurer. This contract reimburses the defined benefit plan for future benefit payments not covered under one of the previous buy-in contracts. Under this arrangement, the plan retains the responsibility for paying the benefits to all participants, with the insurance company reimbursing the plan for the covered portion of the benefits when they are disbursed. Consequently, there is no net ongoing cash flow to the plans for the covered portion of benefits, as the buy-in contract funds the cost of providing these benefits. This effectively fixes the cost of the covered benefits and eliminates future volatility of the covered benefit obligation. The purchase of the buy-in contract utilized assets from the pension trust and is accounted for at fair value as an investment of the trust. Since 2021, buy-in contracts were secured from an insurance company.

On 28 February 2023, the Group decided to terminate the Canadian Salaried defined benefit plan leading to freeze of pay-linkage. Following regulatory approval, the plan is obligated to settle benefits, and the liquidation process led to a net curtailment gain of CAD 15 million (CHF 10 million) in 2023.

The buy-in contracts were converted to buy-out contracts in conjunction with the plan termination. All liabilities were transferred to the insurer with Holcim holding no further benefit obligation.

Canadian Non-Salaried defined benefit plan

In September 2024, a buy-in contract was acquired from an insurer relating to all retired and beneficiaries’ liabilities.

LafargeHolcim U.S. Pension Plan

The Group participates in several union-sponsored multi-employer pension plans in the U.S. These plans are susceptible to substantial deficits arising from market conditions, business decisions, trustee decisions, plan failures, and the actions and decisions of other contributing employers. The Group however, has minimal control over the management of these plans, which are accounted for as defined contribution plans. A comprehensive review of all these plans has been initiated with the primary objective of fully understanding their financial circumstances. The aim is to explore all options available to mitigate risks and reduce the Group’s actual and potential financial obligations. It is important to note that the Group's ability to take action is constrained, as participation in these plans is contingent upon negotiations with bargaining unions.

Status of the Group’s defined benefit plans

The status of the Group’s defined benefit plans, based on actuarial assumptions, is determined in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits rules. The tables provide reconciliations of defined benefit obligations and plan assets, as well as the funded status for the defined benefit pension plans, to the amounts recognized in the statement of financial position.

Reconciliation of post-employment defined benefit plans to the statement of financial position 

 Million CHF                                                              2024   2023
 Net liability arising from defined benefit pension plans                 27     143
 Net liability arising from other post-employment defined benefit plans   142    147
 Net liability                                                            169    291


 Million CHF                                                              2024      2023
 Present value of funded obligations                                      4,306     4,816
 Fair value of plan assets                                                (4,643)   (5,174)
 Plan surplus of funded obligations                                       (337)     (358)
 Present value of unfunded obligations                                    503       507
 Effect of asset ceiling                                                  4         142
 Net liability from funded and unfunded plans                             169       291
 Reflected in the statement of financial position as follows:                      
 Pension assets                                                           (378)     (296)
 Provision for pensions and other post-employment defined benefit plans   548       587
 Net liability                                                            169       291


                                                                            Defined benefit pension plans   Other post-employment defined benefit plans
 Million CHF                                                                2024                            2023    2024   2023
 Amounts recognized in the statement of income are as follows:                                                            
 Current service costs                                                      (49)                            (41)    (1)    (2)
 Past service costs (including curtailments)                                5                               19      0      0
 Settlements                                                                0                               (7)     1      1
 Net interest expense                                                       (14)                            0       (7)    (7)
 Special termination benefits                                               0                               (2)     0      0
 Total recorded in the statement of income                                  (59)                            (31)    (7)    (8)
 Amounts recognized in other comprehensive earnings are as follows:                                                       
 Actuarial gains (losses) arising from changes in demographic assumptions   12                              35      (3)    2
 Actuarial gains (losses) arising from changes in financial assumptions     229                             (125)   5      (9)
 Actuarial gains (losses) arising from experience adjustments               (63)                            (197)   2      3
 Return on plan assets excluding interest income                            (238)                           (129)   0      0
 Change in effect of asset ceiling excluding interest income                140                             135     0      0
 Total recorded in other comprehensive earnings                             79                              (280)   5      (4)


Reconciliation of present value of funded and unfunded obligations 

                                                      Defined benefit pension plans   Other post-employment defined benefit plans
 Million CHF                                          2024                            2023    2024   2023
 Opening balance as of 1 January                      5,176                           5,708   147    160
 Change in scope                                      47                              28      0      0
 Current service costs                                49                              41      1      2
 Interest expense                                     193                             242     7      7
 Contribution by the employees                        20                              17      0      0
 Actuarial (gains) losses                             (178)                           286     (5)    4
 Benefits paid                                        (808)                           (416)   (12)   (13)
 Past service costs (including curtailments)          (5)                             (19)    0      0
 Settlements                                          0                               (519)   (1)    (1)
 Special termination benefits                         0                               2       0      0
 Currency translation effects and reclassifications   173                             (193)   5      (12)
 Closing balance as of 31 December                    4,667                           5,176   142    147
 Of which:                                                                                          
 UK                                                   2,619                           2,813   0      0
 North America (U.S. and Canada)                      263                             696     107    110
 Switzerland                                          1,419                           1,302   0      0
 Others                                               366                             365     35     37


Reconciliation of fair value of plan assets 

                                                      Defined benefit pension plans   Other post-employment defined benefit plans
 Million CHF                                          2024                            2023    2024   2023
 Opening balance as of 1 January                      5,174                           6,053   0      0
 Change in scope                                      43                              2       0      0
 Interest income                                      181                             247     0      0
 Return on plan assets excluding interest income      (238)                           (129)   0      0
 Contribution by the employer                         100                             98      12     13
 Contribution by the employees                        20                              17      0      0
 Benefits paid                                        (808)                           (416)   (12)   (13)
 Settlements                                          0                               (526)   0      0
 Currency translation effects and reclassifications   173                             (173)   0      0
 Closing balance as of 31 December                    4,643                           5,174   0      0
 Of which:                                                                                          
 UK                                                   2,691                           2,899   0      0
 North America (U.S. and Canada)                      155                             561     0      0
 Switzerland                                          1,674                           1,603   0      0
 Others                                               123                             110     0      0


Reconciliation of asset ceiling 

                                     Defined benefit pension plans   Other post-employment defined benefit plans
 Million CHF                         2024                            2023    2024   2023
 Opening balance as of 1 January     142                             271     0      0
 Interest expense on asset ceiling   2                               6       0      0
 Change in asset ceiling             (140)                           (135)   0      0
 Closing balance as of 31 December   4                               142     0      0


Plan asset allocation 

                             Defined benefit pension plans
 Million CHF                 2024   2023
 Equity instruments          25%    19%
 Real estate investments     20%    18%
 Debt instruments            38%    38%
 Insurance contracts         7%     13%
 Cash and cash equivalents   3%     5%
 Other assets                7%     6%
 Total plan assets           100%   100%


Plan assets based on non-quoted prices represent 27% (2023: 31%) of the total plan assets and mainly consist of insurance policies and real estate investments.

In some of the plans, Liability-Driven Investment (LDI) strategies are in place and consists in using index-linked government bonds and swaps to hedge the plans against liquidity risk and change in interest rates or inflation yields.

The value of insurance contracts is determined based on the membership and benefit payable under the contract using the IAS 19 Employee Benefits assumptions.

The other assets mainly consist of hedge funds and various other hedging instruments.

Principal actuarial assumptions (weighted average) used at the end of the reporting period for defined benefit pension plans 

                                                Total Group   UK
                                                2024          2023   2024   2023
 Discount rate in%                              4.0%          3.8%   5.5%   4.6%
 Life expectancy in years after the age of 65   23.0          23.0   23.5   23.4


                                                North America   Switzerland
                                                2024            2023   2024   2023
 Discount rate in %                             4.9%            4.7%   1.0%   1.4%
 Life expectancy in years after the age of 65   24.2            24.0   23.6   23.5


Weighted average duration of defined benefit pension plans 

                                      Total Group   UK
                                      2024          2023   2024   2023
 Weighted average duration in years   12.0          11.9   12.2   12.7


                                      North America   Switzerland
                                      2024            2023   2024   2023
 Weighted average duration in years   10.9            9.6    12.8   12.3


Sensitivity analysis as of 31 December 2024 on defined benefit pension plans 

 Impact on the defined benefit obligation         Total Group   UK
 Million CHF                                      Increase      Decrease   Increase   Decrease
 Discount rate (±0.5% change in assumption)       (252)         276        (144)      155
 Life expectancy (±1 year change in assumption)   173           (177)      116        (118)


                                                  North America   Switzerland
                                                  Increase        Decrease   Increase   Decrease
 Discount rate (±0.5% change in assumption)       (13)            15         (80)       90
 Life expectancy (±1 year change in assumption)   6               (7)        46         (47)


Sensitivity analysis as of 31 December 2023 on defined benefit pension plans 

 Impact on the defined benefit obligation         Total Group   UK
 Million CHF                                      Increase      Decrease   Increase   Decrease
 Discount rate (±0.5% change in assumption)       (277)         307        (164)      177
 Life expectancy (±1 year change in assumption)   191           (193)      124        (126)


                                                  North America   Switzerland
                                                  Increase        Decrease   Increase   Decrease
 Discount rate (±0.5% change in assumption)       (30)            37         (69)       77
 Life expectancy (±1 year change in assumption)   19              (19)       41         (42)


The sensitivity analysis above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit pension plans, as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated. Moreover, it is worth considering that, for most funded plans, liability hedging strategies (such as LDI investments) are used to mitigate the impact of changes in financial assumptions on the net pension liability.

15.4 Share compensation plans

The total personnel expense arising from Holcim share compensation plans amounted to CHF 34.8 million in 2024 (2023: CHF 34.3 million), as presented in the following table: 

                                                      Personnel expenses   Personnel expenses
 Million CHF                                          2024                 2023
 Employee share purchase plan                         0.6                  0.6
 Restricted shares                                    6.9                  7.1
 Performance Share Plan and Performance Option Plan   27.3                 26.6
 Total                                                34.8                 34.3


All shares granted under these plans are either purchased from the market or derived from treasury shares.

Description of plans

Employee share purchase plan

Holcim offers an employee share ownership plan. This plan entitles employees to acquire a limited number of discounted Holcim Ltd shares, namely 50 shares at 50% of the market value and further shares at 70% of the market value based on the average share price of the previous month. The shares cannot be sold for a period of two years from the purchase date.

Restricted shares

Half of the annual incentive amount for the Executive Committee is paid out in blocked Holcim Ltd shares in the first quarter of the following financial year. The share price used to convert the annual incentive amount into shares is the average of the three closing share prices preceding the award date. The shares are blocked for a period of three years from the award date.

Restricted share awards are also granted to senior management upon hire, compensating for share awards forfeited from previous employer. The vesting of these restricted shares reflects the vesting dates of forfeited awards.

Board compensation consists of an annual retainer which is paid half in shares subject to a five-year restriction period.

Performance share plan and performance option plan

Performance shares and/or options are granted to executives and senior management for their contribution to the continuing success of the business. These shares and options are delivered after a three-to-five-year vesting period following the grant date and are subject to internal and external performance conditions. Performance options have a maturity of ten years.

Information related to awards granted through the plans is presented below: 

               2024                 2023
               Performance shares   Performance options   Performance shares   Performance options
 1 January     1,583,636            5,035,616             1,693,752            4,975,608
 Granted       536,032              490,393               624,896              669,649
 Forfeited     (293,691)            (356,077)             (190,086)            (609,641)
 Delivered     (352,979)            (964,200)             (544,926)            0
 31 December   1,472,998            4,205,732             1,583,636            5,035,616


536,032 (2023: 624,896) performance shares at a weighted average fair value of CHF 73.50 per share (2023: CHF 57.92) were granted in 2024. Performance shares are subject to a three-year vesting period. Internal performance conditions are attached to the shares and are based on earnings per share before impairment and divestments, Group return on invested capital (ROIC) and sustainability indicators (CO2 emitted, construction demolition materials, freshwater withdrawn).

490,393 (2023: 669,649) performance options at a fair value of CHF 4.02 (2023: CHF 3.77) were granted in 2024. Performance options are subject to a five-year vesting period. External conditions are attached to the options and are based on Holcim’s relative total shareholder return (TSR) compared with a group of peer companies. The valuation of the performance options is based on the Enhanced American Model (calculation of the fair value without considering the performance condition) and a Monte Carlo simulation (estimation of the expected achievement factor).

Performance option plan

Movements in the number of options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as follows: 

                                                                                       Number      Number
                                                     Weighted average exercise price   2024        2023
 1 January                                     CHF   48.93                             5,048,216   5,208,931
 Granted                                       CHF   71.21                             490,393     669,649
 Forfeited                                     CHF   54.12                             (356,077)   (609,641)
 Exercised                                     CHF   49.92                             (976,800)   (28,420)
 Expired                                       CHF   0.00                              0           (192,303)
 31 December                                   CHF   50.85                             4,205,732   5,048,216
 Of which exercisable at the end of the year                                           0           12,600


Underlying assumptions for the fair value of the performance options granted in 2024 and 2023 are presented below: 

 Grant date                              01 March 2024
 Share price at grant date               73.50
 Exercise price                          71.21
 Expected dividend yield (continuous)1   +3.9%
 Expected volatility of stock2           +23.8%
 Risk-free interest rate                 +1.1%
 Expected life of the options            7.5 years


1 Continuously compounded dividend yield based on expected future dividend payments according to Refinitiv (formerly Thomson Reuters).

2 Based on historical volatility over the most recent period that is commensurate with the expected term of the options. 

 Grant date                              01 March 2023
 Share price at grant date               57.92
 Exercise price                          57.59
 Expected dividend yield (continuous)1   +4.0%
 Expected volatility of stock2           +26.8%
 Risk-free interest rate                 +2.0%
 Expected life of the options            7.5 years


1 Continuously compounded dividend yield based on expected future dividend payments according to Thomson Reuters.

2 Based on historical volatility over the most recent period that is commensurate with the expected term of the options.

Outstanding options

In 2024, 976,800 options were exercised. Options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry dates and give the right to acquire one registered share of Holcim Ltd at the exercise prices listed below: 

                                                          Number      Number
 Option grant date   Expiry date         Exercise price   2024        2023
 2015                2025          CHF   50.19            0           12,600
 2019                2029          CHF   49.92            0           1,071,329
 2020                2030          CHF   45.62            1,669,835   1,684,944
 2021                2031          CHF   51.07            723,975     748,368
 2022                2032          CHF   46.14            831,895     906,671
 2023                2033          CHF   57.59            546,961     624,304
 2024                2034          CHF   71.21            433,066     0
 Total                                                    4,205,732   5,048,216


16. Provisions and contingencies

16.1 Accounting principles

Site restoration and other environmental provisions

The Group provides for the costs of site restoration where a legal or constructive obligation exists. The estimated future costs for known restoration requirements are determined on a site-by-site basis and are calculated based on the present value of estimated future costs. The cost of raising a provision before exploitation of the raw materials has commenced is included in property, plant and equipment and depreciated over the life of the site. The effect of any adjustments to the provision due to further environmental damage caused by exploitation activities is recorded through operating costs over the life of the site, in order to reflect the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the end of the reporting period. Changes in the measurement of a provision that result from changes in the estimated timing or amount of cash outflows, or a change in the discount rate, are added to or deducted from the cost of the related asset to the extent that they relate to the asset’s installation, construction or acquisition. All provisions are discounted to their present value.

Climate-related matters may affect the level of provisions recognized, such as site restoration provisions, as a result of levies imposed by governments for failure to meet climate-related targets or new regulations and requirements to remediate environmental damages on Holcim’s sites.

Specific business risks provisions

Specific business risks comprise litigation provisions, provisions for contractual risks recorded in connection with purchase price allocations and service-type warranties. Provisions for litigation mainly relate to antitrust and commercial disputes, environmental claims and product liabilities and are set up to cover legal and administrative proceedings.

Service-type warranties are provided by the Group in the form of separately priced extended warranties covering roofing systems, generally ranging from five to 30 years. Revenues from such activities are deferred and recognized in in the Financial Statement of Income over the life of the warranty on a straight-line basis.

The timing of cash outflows to settle provisions for litigation is uncertain, since this will largely depend on the outcome of administrative and legal proceedings.

The sensitivity associated with certain provisions led management to limit the extent of the disclosure discussed above, as it believes this could seriously prejudice the position of the Group.

Restructuring provisions

The provision for restructuring only includes direct expenditures arising from the restructuring, notably severance payments, early retirement costs, costs for notice periods not worked and other costs directly linked largely to the closure of facilities.

Other provisions

Other provisions include liabilities with cash flows of uncertain timing or amount that cannot be included in the above categories.

Contingent liabilities

Contingent liabilities arise from past events whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within Holcim’s control. Accordingly, they are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

16.2 Provisions 

 Million CHF                                       Site restoration and other environmental provisions   Specific business risks provisions   Restructuring provisions   Other provisions   Total 2024   Total 2023
 1 January                                         715                                                   480                                  36                         825                2,056        2,117
 Change in scope                                   2                                                     1                                    0                          11                 14           85
 Reclassification                                  0                                                     1                                    0                          (1)                0            0
 Provisions recognized                             62                                                    113                                  34                         251                460          284
 Provisions used during the year                   (57)                                                  (36)                                 (22)                       (32)               (147)        (130)
 Provisions reversed during the year               (31)                                                  (28)                                 (4)                        (151)              (214)        (170)
 Unwinding of discount and discount rate changes   24                                                    0                                    0                          4                  28           8
 Currency translation effects                      19                                                    20                                   1                          16                 56           (138)
 31 December                                       734                                                   551                                  45                         923                2,253        2,056
 Of which short-term provisions                    67                                                    89                                   28                         203                387          348
 Of which long-term provisions                     667                                                   462                                  17                         720                1,866        1,708


As of 31 December 2024, other provisions of CHF 923 million mainly comprise indemnification provisions, insurance claims reserves, severance pay obligations, provisions for health insurance and pensions schemes which do not qualify as benefit obligations.

16.3 Contingencies, guarantees and commitments

Contingencies

In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is involved in lawsuits, claims of various natures, investigations and proceedings, including product liability, commercial, competition, environmental, health and safety matters, among others. The Group operates in countries where political, economic, social and legal developments could have an impact on the Group’s operations.

In connection with disposals of businesses, the Group provided customary indemnification warranties, notably related to accounting, tax, legal compliance, litigation, labor and environmental matters. Holcim and its subsidiaries have received or may in the future receive notices of claims arising from such indemnification warranties.

The Group is exposed to varying degrees of uncertainty related to tax matters as well as regulatory reviews and audits. The Group accounts for its income taxes on the basis of its own internal analyses, supported by external advice, if appropriate. The Group continuously monitors its global tax position. and whenever uncertainties arise, the Group assesses the potential consequences and either accrues the liability or discloses a contingent liability in its financial statements, depending on the strength of the Group’s position and the resulting risk of loss.

As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s contingencies amounted to CHF 600 million (2023: CHF 706 million).

Except for what has been provided for as disclosed in Note 16.2, the Group has concluded that due to the uncertainty with some of the matters mentioned below, the potential losses from some of these cases cannot be reliably estimated. There are no further single matters pending that the Group expects to be material in relation to the Group’s business, financial result or results of operations.

The following is a description of the material legal and tax matters currently ongoing.

Legal and tax matters with new developments since last reporting period

The criminal proceedings in France against Lafarge S.A. related to its legacy operations in Syria during the country’s civil war in 2013 and 2014 are still pending in Paris. Lafarge S.A. was placed under formal investigation on 28 June 2018 for complicity in crimes against humanity, financing of terrorism, deliberate endangerment of life of others and customs violations. On 16 January 2024, the Supreme Court decided to uphold the charge of complicity in crimes against humanity and to drop the charge of deliberate endangerment of life of others. On 16 October 2024, the investigating judges referred Lafarge S.A., along with eight individuals, to the criminal court to be judged for the offenses of financing terrorism and customs violations. The hearings are scheduled from 4 November 2025 to 16 December 2025. The investigation is still ongoing for the offense of complicity in crimes against humanity. These decisions are not rulings on the merits of the case and Lafarge S.A. continues to cooperate fully with the French judicial authorities.

On 28 May 2014, the Administrative Council for Economic Defense (“CADE”) ruled that Holcim Brazil (subsequently LafargeHolcim (Brasil) S.A., now under the control of CSN Cimentos S.A.) along with other cement producers had engaged in price collusion and other anti-competitive behavior. The ruling includes behavioral remedies prohibiting certain greenfield projects, divestment of a ready-mix plant, and M&A activities and fines against the defendants. This order became enforceable on 21 September 2015 and applies to LafargeHolcim Brazil, which has been fined CHF 122 million (BRL 509 million) as at the date of the order. In September 2015, LafargeHolcim Brazil filed an appeal against the order, offering a cement plant as guarantee to support its appeal. The fine and the behavioral remedies imposed by CADE were suspended by two decisions of the court of first instance on 29 September 2016 and 21 October 2016. In 2024, CADE’s request to challenge the guarantee offered was granted by the Superior Court of Justice. An appeal may be filed against this decision. Regardless of this recent procedural development, CADE’s decision remains suspended for now. On the substantive proceedings, a decision on the merits of the case by the court of first instance is expected within 1 to 2 years, and the decision may be subject of appeal to the Federal Court of Appeals, and, subsequently, to the Superior Courts. Following the divestment of LafargeHolcim Brazil to CSN, the Group provided an indemnification guarantee for the fine including interests which as of the closing date of 6 September 2022 was CHF 163 million (BRL 849 million).

Previously disclosed legal matters with no developments since last reporting period

Between January 2023 and March 2024, five civil lawsuits were commenced in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York against Lafarge S.A. by individuals who were injured or killed in terrorist attacks in Syria, Iraq, Libya, Jordan, France, Spain, Turkey, and Niger from 2012 to 2017, or their heirs and family members. Lafarge Cement Holding Limited and Lafarge Cement Syria SA have also been named defendants in all five lawsuits. The lawsuits assert claims under the U.S. Antiterrorism Act, including allegations that Lafarge S.A. aided and abetted the terrorist organizations that committed, planned or authorized these attacks. None of the lawsuits have specified the amount of the damages claimed. It is difficult to predict at this early stage the outcome of these matters, including the timing or any possible impact on Lafarge S.A.. There is also a risk that additional plaintiffs will join these lawsuits or commence separate actions based on the same conduct. Lafarge S.A., Lafarge Cement Holding Limited, and Lafarge Cement Syria S.A. are aggressively defending the actions. They have brought motions to dismiss in the first three lawsuits and also intend to bring a motion to dismiss in the fourth and fifth lawsuits. As of the present date, the court has not ruled on these motions.

There has been litigation in Hungary for a number of years related to the ownership of assets and damage compensation in the context of the privatization of one of the former Holcim cement plants in Hungary. The plant was closed a number of years ago and remains inactive and the Group believes the plant is illegally occupied by the counterparty in the litigation. The litigation related to the ownership of assets was closed in 2023. The litigation regarding damage compensation is ongoing in courts in Hungary and Holcim will continue to defend its legal position.

In July 2016, LafargeHolcim (Brasil) S.A. received an assessment from the Brazilian Internal Revenue Service, claiming the reversal of deducted goodwill for the years 2011 and 2012. The amount in dispute is CHF 75 million (BRL 431 million). After challenging the assessment, the company received a favorable decision from the Administrative Tax Appeals Council in August 2018. The Brazilian Internal Revenue Service (BRA IRS) has appealed this decision before the Superior Administrative Chamber, still pending a judgment. In November 2018, LafargeHolcim (Brasil) S.A. received a further assessment from the Brazilian Internal Revenue Service, again claiming reversal of deducted goodwill for the years 2013 and 2014. The amount in dispute for this case is CHF 61 million (BRL 351 million). The company challenged it and received a favorable decision at the 1st Administrative Level. The BRA IRS appealed to the CARF (Administrative Tax Appeals Council), and its merit judgment is still pending. In December 2019, LafargeHolcim (Brasil) S.A. received a third assessment on the same topic, referring to the year 2015. The amount in dispute for this year is CHF 5 million (BRL 28 million). The company has challenged it at 1st Administrative Level, had an unfavorable decision and appealed in November 2020 to the Administrative Tax Appeals Council. In 2022, the Group divested LafargeHolcim (Brasil) S.A., but will continue to be liable for these assessments.

The Competition Commission of India (“CCI”) issued in June 2012 and, after a successful appeal, again in August 2016 an order imposing a penalty of CHF 60 million (INR 4,900 million) as of the closing date 15 September 2022 on the divested subsidiary Lafarge India for which the Group provided an indemnification guarantee. The order found Lafarge India together with other cement producers in India to have engaged in price coordination and imposed penalties on the cement companies and their trade association. The company appealed the order before the Competition Appellate Tribunal (“COMPAT”). As per the interim order passed by COMPAT in 2016, the company placed a deposit of 10% of the penalty amounts with a financial institution with a lien in favor of COMPAT. In May 2017, all matters pending before COMPAT were transferred to the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (“NCLAT”). In July 2018, the NCLAT dismissed the appeal of Lafarge India (now known as Nuvoco Vistas Corporation) against the CCI order and upheld the fine imposed. The company filed an appeal with the Supreme Court, which was admitted on 5 October 2018, and the interim order passed by COMPAT was directed to be continued. The tentative next date of hearing before the Supreme Court will possibly be during 2025.

Guarantees

At 31 December 2024, the Group’s guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business amounted to CHF 1,028 million (2023: CHF 942 million).

Commitments

In the ordinary course of business, the Group enters into purchase commitments for goods and services including power purchase agreements, buy and sell investments, associated companies and Group companies or portions thereof. It is common practice for the Group to make offers or receive call or put options in connection with such acquisitions and divestments. As part of its strategy to decarbonize its energy mix, the Group enters into power purchase agreements to secure sourcing of power from renewable energy.

At 31 December 2024, the Group’s commitments amounted to CHF 2,578 million (2023: CHF 2,202 million) and included CHF 1,943 million (2023: CHF 1,737 million) related to the purchase of various products, inventories and services and CHF 635 million (2023: CHF 464 million) related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The variance in commitments from 2023 is primarily related to higher CapEx commitments for decarbonization projects in Europe and an increase in commodity volumes.

17. Shareholders’ information

17.1 Equity

On 28 May 2024, Holcim exercised the redemption option on the EUR 500 million (CHF 490 million) subordinated fixed rate resettable perpetual notes issued on 5 April 2019 at an initial fixed coupon of 3.0%.

On 7 December 2023, Holcim exercised the redemption option on the CHF 200 million subordinated fixed rate resettable perpetual notes issued on 28 November 2018 at an initial fixed coupon of 3.5%.

There were no outstanding subordinated fixed rate resettable perpetual notes carried in equity as of 31 December 2024 (2023: CHF 550 million).

In accordance with the provisions of IAS 32 Financial Instruments - Presentation, and given their characteristics, these instruments were recognized in equity in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

The redemption of the subordinated fixed rate resettable perpetual notes is disclosed in “Repayment from subordinated fixed rate resettable notes” in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares and share options are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects. Treasury shares (own equity instruments held by the Group) are accounted for as a reduction of equity at acquisition cost and are not subsequently remeasured. When shares are sold out of treasury shares, the resulting profit or loss is recognized in equity, net of tax.

17.2 Information on share capital 

 Number of registered shares 31 December         2024          2023
 Total outstanding shares                        551,015,549   561,823,424
 Treasury shares                                              
 Share buyback program                           12,249,093    0
 Other treasury shares                           15,859,964    17,301,182
 Total treasury shares                           28,109,057    17,301,182
 Total issued shares                             579,124,606   579,124,606
 Shares out of conditional share capital                      
 Reserved for convertible bonds                  1,422,350     1,422,350
 Total shares out of conditional share capital   1,422,350     1,422,350
 Total shares                                    580,546,956   580,546,956


The par value per share is CHF 2.00. The share capital amounts to nominal CHF 1,158 million (2023: CHF 1,158 million) and the carrying amount of the treasury shares amounts to CHF 1,744 million (2023: CHF 811 million).

In March 2024, Holcim initiated a share buyback program of up to CHF 1 billion. Through this program, Holcim repurchased 12,249,093 shares - equivalent to 2.1% of its share capital - for a total amount of CHF 1 billion at an average purchase price of CHF 81.6 per share. Cancellation of the repurchased shares will be subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 14 May 2025. As a result, the share capital of Holcim Ltd will be reduced to CHF 1,133,751,026 and divided into 566,875,513 shares.

Swiss tax regulations prescribe to use at least 50% from the capital contribution reserves for shares purchased back for cancellation. The nominal value of CHF 2.00 per share is tax-exempt. For the shares bought back as of 31 December 2024, the domestic capital contribution reserves are affected by a reduction of CHF 488 million.

In May 2023, Holcim completed its share buyback program initiated on 14 November 2022. Through this program, Holcim repurchased 36,804,453 shares - equivalent to 6.0% of its share capital - for a total amount of CHF 2 billion at an average purchase price of CHF 54.3 per share. Cancellation of the repurchased shares was approved at the Annual General Meeting held on 4 May 2023. As a result, the share capital of Holcim Ltd reduced to CHF 1,158 million divided into 579,124,606 shares.

For the shares bought back and canceled as of 30 June 2023, the domestic capital contribution reserves are affected by a reduction of CHF 963 million (CHF 747 million in the first half of 2023; CHF 216 million in the 2022 financial year). 

 Number of registered shares 31 December   2024          2023
 Total issued shares as of 1 January       579,124,606   615,929,059
 Share buyback program                     0             (36,804,453)
 Total issued shares as of 31 December     579,124,606   579,124,606


18. Related party transactions

The main related parties are associates and joint ventures, the members of the Board of Directors and the members of the Executive Committee.

Key management compensation

Board of Directors

In 2024, eleven non-executive members of the Board of Directors received in total compensation of CHF 4.8 million (2023: CHF 3.4 million) of which CHF 2.7 million was paid in cash (2023: CHF 1.9 million), CHF 0.03 million in the form of social security contributions (2023: CHF 0.02 million), and CHF 2.0 million in shares (2023: CHF 1.3 million). Other compensation paid totaled CHF 0.1 million (2023: CHF 0.1 million).

Executive Committee

The total annual compensation for the ten members of the Executive Committee for 2024 amounted to CHF 27.0 million (2023: CHF 33.6 million). This amount comprises base salaries, other fixed pay and annual incentive of CHF 17.3 million (2023: CHF 21.9 million), equity-based long-term incentive of CHF 7.2 million (2023: CHF 8.4 million) as well as employer contributions to social security and pension plans of CHF 2.5 million (2023: CHF 3.3 million).

Compensation for former members of governing bodies

In 2024, a former member of the Executive Committee received total compensation of CHF 0.9 million (2023: CHF 0.2 million).

In 2024 and 2023, no payments were made to parties closely related to members of the governing bodies.

Loans granted to members of governing bodies

There were no loans granted to members of the Executive Committee, members of the Board of Directors or to parties closely related to members of governing bodies outstanding on 31 December 2024 or 2023.

Other transactions

As part of the employee share purchase plan, Holcim manages employees’ shares. It sells Holcim Ltd shares to employees and purchases shares in the open market. In 2024 and 2023, the company did not purchase any Holcim Ltd shares from members of the Executive Committee.

Transactions with associates and joint ventures

The Group’s transactions and outstanding balances with associates and joint ventures are summarized in the table below: 

 Million CHF                       2024    2023
 Net sales                         191     259
 Purchase of goods                 (242)   (263)
 Trade accounts receivable         42      61
 Other current receivables         10      10
 Current financial receivables     13      13
 Long-term financial receivables   25      78
 Trade accounts payable            141     116
 Other current liabilities         3       3
 Current financial liabilities     29      32
 Long-term financial liabilities   0       1


19. Cash flow from investing activities 

 Million CHF                                                                                           Notes   2024      2023
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net                                                                         
 Replacements                                                                                                  (1,051)   (1,017)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                           173       96
 Capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment to maintain productive capacity and to secure competitiveness          (878)     (921)
 Expansion investments                                                                                         (599)     (487)
 Total purchase of property, plant and equipment, net (a)                                                      (1,477)   (1,408)
 Acquisition of participation in Group companies (net of cash and cash equivalents acquired)           2.3     (984)     (1,975)
 Disposal of participation in Group companies (net of cash and equivalents disposed of)                2.3     472       6
 Purchase of financial assets, intangible and other assets                                                              
 Purchase of financial investments including associates and joint ventures                                     (9)       (16)
 Purchase of other financial assets, intangible and other assets                                               (239)     (235)
 Total purchase of financial assets, intangible and other assets                                               (248)     (251)
 Disposal of financial assets, intangible and other assets                                                              
 Disposal of financial investments including associates and joint ventures                                     6         6
 Disposal of other financial assets, intangible and other assets                                               194       153
 Total disposal of financial assets, intangible and other assets                                               200       159
 Total (purchase) disposal of Group companies, financial assets, intangible and other assets, net (b)          (560)     (2,061)
 Total cash flow from investing activities (a + b)                                                             (2,037)   (3,469)


20. Events after the reporting period

There were no significant events after the reporting period.

21. Authorization of the financial statements for issuance

The consolidated Financial Statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors of Holcim Ltd on 27 February 2025 and are subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders scheduled for 14 May 2025.

TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF HOLCIM LTD, ZUG

To the General Meeting of

Holcim Ltd, Zug

Zurich, 27 February 2025

Report of the statutory auditor

Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Holcim Ltd and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of income, Consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements (pages 264 to 346) give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and comply with Swiss law.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA-CH). Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are further described in the "Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements" section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law, together with the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, as well as those of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the “Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements" section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.

Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets

Area of focus

As described in note 6 and note 11 of the consolidated financial statements, the Group has CHF 14’594m of goodwill and CHF 26'018m long-lived assets subject to impairment test (property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, as well as investments in associates and joint ventures), the sum of which represents 75% of total assets.

Management performed annual impairment tests for all Cash Generating Units ("CGUs") to which goodwill has been allocated as of 31 December 2024. Management also reviewed all CGUs and operating segments for their design.

In addition, the fair value of the investment in Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. based on the quoted market price, was 39% lower than the carrying value in Holcim Group’s statement of financial position as of 31 December 2024. Therefore, an impairment test has also been performed for the equity-accounted investment in Huaxin, to compare the carrying amount of the investment with the higher of value-in-use or fair value less cost of disposal as per IAS 28. The value-in-use approach to calculate the recoverable amount of Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. follows the same methodology and relies on the same key assumptions as the one used for goodwill and long-lived assets, and which is further described in note 11.1.

The impairment assessment requires management to estimate future cash flows based on several assumptions related to future profitability, including revenue growth, Recurring EBITDA margins, the determination of an appropriate discount rate and long-term growth rate. The outcome of the impairment assessments could vary significantly based on the judgments applied on the different assumptions.

In the year ended 31 December 2024, net impairment charges of CHF 202m have been recorded against long-lived assets.

Management has performed a sensitivity analysis and concluded that a reasonably possible change in the key assumptions, particularly, post-tax discount rate, or in the Recurring EBITDA margin, would not lead to an impairment in goodwill and long-lived assets.

Our audit response

Our audit procedures included obtaining an understanding of the response Group's impairment testing process, the controls implemented by management in testing for impairment and the determination of key assumptions used in the impairment valuation tests.

We confirmed that the value-in-use approach to calculate the recoverable amount of Huaxin Cement Co. Ltd. follows the same methodology and relies on the same key assumptions as the one used for goodwill and long-lived assets.

Therefore, we performed the below procedures consistently between all asset groups.

We recalculated the mathematical accuracy of the discounted cash flow models and compared the extracted inputs to the source documents.

We performed an independent assessment of impairment indicators, including challenging management's sensitivity analysis by performing an independent sensitivity analysis utilizing management's models.

We considered management's determination of CGUs for long-lived assets' impairment testing and management's determination that goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level for goodwill impairment testing. Wo considered whether there existed any contradictory evidence by reviewing internal financial reporting presented to the Board of Directors, CEO and executive committee and other information included in the Annual Report. We held discussions with the CEO and Regional Executives to understand both the process of evaluating results, monitoring performance and how decisions are made on the allocation of capital. In addition, we obtained an understanding of how the performance of members of the Group's management is monitored, and bonuses determined.

We agreed the underlying cash flow forecasts to the Board-approved plans.

We held discussions with management to identify areas where Holcim's 2030 sustainability targets will impact future cash flows. We have performed procedures to confirm that the impact of these projects had been appropriately taken into consideration.

We validated whether the Group's goodwill and long-lived assets impairment methodology was appropriate and tested the clerical accuracy of the impairment models.

We assessed management's historical forecasting accuracy as well as any revisions made to improve the accuracy.

We assessed whether estimates have been determined on a consistent basis across the Group and where relevant, compared management's prior year models for testing impairment with the current year models.

We considered the adequacy of management's disclosures in respect of long-lived assets and goodwill impairment testing and whether they appropriately disclose the sensitivities and the impacts of the change in the level at which goodwill impairment testing is undertaken.

Further, we performed the following substantive procedures on the key assumptions:

Recurring EBITDA margin

We analyzed the individual components of the Recurring EBITDA margin, including market growth, cement prices and cost components, and benchmarked these against external sources.

We performed a lookback analysis on the historical trends as well as held discussions with regional and country management to corroborate their views on the market developments on the four-year forecast.

Discount rates

We involved internal valuation specialists to develop an independent estimate of the relevant discount rates and compared these to discount rates used by management.

Long-term growth

We performed a reconciliation to confirm that the long-term growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the planning period does not exceed the combination of long-term inflation rate and Gross Domestic Product growth rate for the relevant market.

Our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations regarding the valuation, presentation and disclosure of goodwill and long-lived assets.

Contingent Liabilities

Area of focus

The group is involved in lawsuits, claims of various natures, investigations and proceedings, as disclosed in note 16.3 to the consolidated financial statements.

In particular, the criminal proceedings in France against Lafarge SA related to legacy operations in Syria during the country’s civil war are still ongoing. The courts' decisions at this stage are not rulings on the merits of the case and Lafarge SA continues to cooperate fully with the French judicial authorities.

In addition, and pertaining to the same legacy operations, five civil lawsuits were commenced in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York against Lafarge SA, and its subsidiaries Lafarge Cement Syria and Lafarge Cement Holding Limited, by individuals who were injured or killed in terrorist attacks in Syria, Iraq, Libya, Jordan, France, Spain, Turkey and Niger from 2012 to 2017, or their heirs and family members.

Management has concluded, considering all available evidence, including advice from both external and internal legal counsels, that the outcome of the above-mentioned legal proceedings cannot be reliably estimated.

Consequently, no liabilities have been recognized, and an estimate of the contingent liability in relation to these matters cannot be quantified and therefore disclosed as of 31 December 2024.

Our audit response

We gained an understanding of the Group’s design and implementation of processes and controls for the identification and evaluation of legal proceedings and regulatory investigations at the different levels of management, including those charged with governance, as well as for the continuous assessment and recording of the related contingent liabilities and provisions required by IAS 37 Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets.

We enquired the Group General Counsel and the Group's external legal counsels as to the current status of the proceedings and their professional assessment of their outcome and obtained written legal opinions when deemed necessary.

We obtained minutes of meetings of the Board of Directors. We assessed whether any of the evidence obtained contradicted management's assessment.

We assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements.

Our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations regarding the valuation, presentation and disclosure of contingent liabilities.

Other information

The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, the stand-alone financial statements, the remuneration report and our auditor's reports thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Board of Directors' responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, which give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the provisions of Swiss law, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern, and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are tree from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law, ISA and SA-CH will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located on EXPERTsuisse's website at: https://www.expertsuisse.ch/en/audit-report. This description forms an integral part of our report.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In accordance with Art. 728a para, 1 item 3 CO and PS-CH 890, we confirm that an internal control system exists, which has been designed for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.

We recommend that the consolidated financial statements submitted to you be approved. Ernst & Young Ltd

Jacques Pierres, Licensed audit expert, Auditor in charge

Daniel Zaugg, Licensed audit expert

HOLDING COMPANY RESULTS

Statement of income Holcim Ltd 

 Million CHF                                                                       Notes   2024    2023
 Dividend income - Group companies                                                         791     1,137
 Financial income - Group companies                                                2       470     265
 Financial income - third parties                                                          44      18
 Other income                                                                      3       742     328
 Total income                                                                              2,047   1,748
 Financial expenses - Group companies                                                      (205)   (175)
 Financial expenses - third parties                                                        (14)    (14)
 Other expenses                                                                    4       (360)   (806)
 Impairment of financial investments and financial receivables - Group companies   5       (145)   (28)
 Total expenses                                                                            (724)   (1,023)
 Net income before taxes                                                                   1,323   725
 Income taxes                                                                              (39)    (38)
 Net income                                                                                1,284   687


Statement of financial position Holcim Ltd 

 Million CHF                                                  Notes   2024      2023
 Cash and cash equivalents                                            229       371
 Current financial receivables - Group companies                      226       162
 Current financial receivables - third parties                        248       228
 Other current receivables - Group companies                          151       150
 Other current receivables - third parties                            8         6
 Total current assets                                                 862       917
 Non-current financial receivables - Group companies          6       5,106     4,828
 Financial investments - Group companies                      7       31,227    32,779
 Other non-current assets                                             18        0
 Total non-current assets                                             36,351    37,607
 Total assets                                                         37,213    38,524
 Current interest-bearing liabilities - Group companies               553       284
 Current interest-bearing liabilities - third parties         8       150       440
 Other current liabilities - Group companies                          67        73
 Other current liabilities - third parties                            173       151
 Total current liabilities                                            943       948
 Non-current interest-bearing liabilities - Group companies           4,672     4,591
 Non-current interest-bearing liabilities - third parties     9       0         150
 Other non-current liabilities - third parties                        95        113
 Total non-current liabilities                                        4,767     4,854
 Total liabilities                                                    5,710     5,802
 Share capital                                                14      1,158     1,158
 Capital reserves from tax capital contributions                               
 - Domestic                                                   10      63        551
 - Foreign                                                            10,584    12,154
 Statutory retained earnings                                          2,531     2,531
 Retained earnings                                                    17,627    16,452
 Net income                                                           1,284     687
 Treasury shares                                              10      (1,744)   (811)
 Total shareholders' equity                                           31,503    32,722
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                           37,213    38,524


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF HOLCIM LTD

Holcim Ltd, with registered office in Zug, is the ultimate holding company of Holcim Group, which comprises subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures around the world. During the reporting period, Holcim Ltd employed fewer than ten employees (2023: fewer than ten employees).

1. Accounting Policies

Basis of preparation

The financial statements of Holcim Ltd comply with the requirements of the Swiss accounting legislation of the Swiss Code of Obligations (SCO). Holcim Ltd is presenting consolidated financial statements according to IFRS® Accounting Standards. As a result, these financial statements and notes do not include additional disclosures, a cash flow statement or a management report.

Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this report may not add up precisely to the totals provided. All ratios and variances are calculated using the underlying amount rather than the presented rounded amount.

As of 1 January 2024 Holcim Ltd merged with its subsidiary, Holcim IP Ltd.

Accounting principles applied

Other income and expenses

Non-monetary assets and liabilities are carried at historical rates. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated at year-end exchange rates. Realized exchange gains and losses and all unrealized exchange losses arising from these as well as those from business transactions are recorded as other income or other expenses. Unrealized exchange gains on non-current assets and liabilities are deferred.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are bank accounts and short-term deposits, highly liquid and readily convertible to known amounts of cash with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition.

Financial receivables

Financial receivables are valued at acquisition cost less any impairment of value.

The CO2 certificates are classified as current financial receivables and valued at acquisition costs less impairment of the value. The result of the sales of the CO2 certificates is recorded in other income and other expenses.

Financial investments

Financial investments are initially recognized at cost. Investments in Holcim Group subsidiaries are assessed annually and in case of an impairment adjusted to their recoverable amount.

Other assets

Other assets contain goodwill and other intangible assets, which are capitalized and amortized over a period between three and seven years.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Interest-bearing liabilities are valued at nominal value. Any bond premium is accrued over the duration of the bond so that at maturity the balance sheet amount will equal the amount that is due to be paid.

Provisions

Provisions are made to cover general business risks.

Treasury shares

Treasury shares are recognized at acquisition cost and deducted from equity. Gains and losses on the sale are recognized in the statement of income.

2. Financial income - Group companies

The financial income - Group companies amounts to CHF 470 million (2023: CHF 265 million), of which CHF 154 million financial income related to prior year transactions.

3. Other income

The other income contains intangible property related fees of CHF 309 million (2023: CHF 259 million), net foreign exchange gains of CHF 397 million (2023: CHF 0 million) and other income of CHF 36 million (2023: CHF 69 million).

4. Other expenses

The other expenses contain stewardship, project and litigation expenses of CHF 323 million (2023: CHF 363 million), administrative expenses of CHF 16 million (2023: CHF 15 million), other expenses of CHF 21 million (2023: CHF 83 million) and net foreign exchange losses of CHF 0 million (2023: CHF 345 million).

5. Impairment of financial investments and financial receivables - Group companies

In the reporting period there have been impairments on financial investments and financial receivables in the amount of CHF 145 million (2023: CHF 28 million).

6. Non-current financial receivables - Group companies

The non-current financial receivables amount to CHF 5,106 million (2023: CHF 4,828 million). Holcim Ltd granted a subordinated loan of USD 3,500 million to a fully owned subsidiary.

7. Financial investments - Group companies

The principal direct and indirect subsidiaries and other holdings of Holcim Ltd are shown in Note 2.4 to the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

8. Current interest-bearing liabilities - third parties 

 Million CHF                    2024   2023
 1.00% fixed, Bond, 2018-2024   0      440
 1.00% fixed, Bond, 2015-2025   150    0
 Total                          150    440


9. Non-current interest-bearing liabilities - third parties 

 Million CHF                    2024   2023
 1.00% fixed, Bond, 2015-2025   0      150
 Total                          0      150


10. Treasury shares movements in equity 

                                                            Number held by Holcim Ltd   Million CHF   Average price per share in CHF   Number held by subsidiaries   Reserve for treasury shares held by subsidiaries in Million CHF   Average price per share in CHF
 01.01.2024 / Opening                                       17,301,182                  811           46.9                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 2024 / Purchases share buyback program                     12,249,093                  1,000         81.6                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 2024 / Sales and delivery for remuneration plans           (1,441,218)                 (67)          46.9                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 31.12.2024 / Closing                                       28,109,057                  1,744         62.0                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 01.01.2023 / Opening                                       27,364,975                  1,297         47.4                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 2023 / Purchases share buyback program                     27,503,069                  1,550         56.4                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 2023 / Cancellation of shares from share buyback program   (36,804,453)                (2,000)       54.3                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 2023 / Sales and delivery for remuneration plans           (762,409)                   (36)          46.9                             0                             0                                                                 0.0
 31.12.2023 / Closing                                       17,301,182                  811           46.9                             0                             0                                                                 0.0


In March 2024, Holcim initiated a share buyback program of up to CHF 1 billion. Through this program, Holcim repurchased 12,249,093 shares - equivalent to 2.1% of its share capital - for a total amount of CHF 1 billion at an average purchase price of CHF 81.6 per share. Cancellation of the repurchased shares will be subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 14 May 2025.

Swiss tax regulations prescribe to use at least 50% from the capital contribution reserves for shares purchased back for cancellation. The nominal value of CHF 2.00 per share is tax-exempt. For the shares bought back as of 31 December 2024, the domestic capital contribution reserves are affected by a reduction of CHF 488 million.

In May 2023, Holcim completed its share buyback program initiated on 14 November 2022. Through this program, Holcim repurchased 36,804,453 shares - equivalent to 6.0% of its share capital - for a total amount of CHF 2 billion at an average purchase price of CHF 54.3 per share. Cancellation of the repurchased shares was approved at the Annual General Meeting held on 4 May 2023.

For the shares bought back and canceled as of 30 June 2023, the domestic capital contribution reserves are affected by a reduction of CHF 963 million (CHF 747 million in the first half of 2023; CHF 216 million in 2022 financial year).

11. Contingent liabilities 

 Million CHF                                                                                           2024     2023
 Guarantees in favor of subsidiaries to cover capital and interest of bonds, private placements, Schuldschein loans, credit facilities and commercial paper programs  11,916   12,643
 Guarantees for committed credit lines, utilization CHF 0 million (2023: CHF 0 million)                4,576    5,104
 Other guarantees and commitments                                                                      275      0
 Total                                                                                                 16,767   17,747


Holcim Ltd is part of a value added tax group and therefore jointly liable to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for the value added tax liabilities of the other members.

Holcim Ltd guarantees Holcim Finance (Luxembourg) S.A. any amount needed to fulfill its obligations from financing agreements.

12. Share interests of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee

Shares owned by the Board of Directors

On 31 December 2024, the members of the Board of Directors held a total of 624,101 (2023: 669,873) registered shares in Holcim Ltd. This number comprises privately acquired shares and those allotted under the Group’s participation and compensation schemes. 

 Name                     Position                    Shares held as of 31 December 2024   Shares held as of 31 December 2023
 Jan Jenisch              Chairman                    540,000                              600,000
 Hanne B. Sørensen        Vice-Chairwoman             23,176                               20,105
 Philippe Block           Member                      6,575                                5,039
 Kim Fausing              Member                      6,575                                5,039
 Leanne Geale             Member                      2,638                                1,102
 Catrin Hinkel            Member (since 8 May 2024)   0                                    0
 Naina Lal Kidwai         Member                      8,542                                7,006
 Ilias Läber              Member                      11,043                               9,102
 Michael McGarry          Member (since 8 May 2024)   0                                    0
 Jürg Oleas               Member                      17,010                               15,474
 Claudia Sender Ramirez   Member                      8,542                                7,006
 Total                                                624,101                              669,873


Ownership of shares and options: Executive Committee

As of 31 December 2024, the members of the Executive Committee held a total of 308,626 (2023: 951,339) registered shares in Holcim Ltd. This figure includes both privately acquired shares and those allocated under participation and the Group’s compensation schemes.

Furthermore, at the end of 2024, the Executive Committee held a total of 749,916 (2023: 1,994,360) performance options (at target) and 136,132 (2023: 301,600) performance shares (at target); these arose as a result of the participation and compensation schemes of various years. Options are issued solely on registered shares in Holcim Ltd. One option entitles the holder to buy one registered share in Holcim Ltd.

Number of shares and options held by Executive Committee members as of 31 December 2024 

 Name              Position   Total number of shares owned   Total number of performance options held (at target)   Total number of performance options held (at maximum)   Total number of performance shares held (at target)   Total number of performance shares held (at maximum)
 Miljan Gutovic    CEO        107,040                        218,731                                                437,461                                                 35,466                                                70,932
 Nollaig Forrest   Member     4,370                          23,246                                                 46,491                                                  10,254                                                20,508
 Jamie Gentoso     Member     30,997                         99,869                                                 199,738                                                 23,235                                                46,470
 Steffen Kindler   Member     7,455                          38,267                                                 76,534                                                  15,631                                                31,262
 Martin Kriegner   Member     108,764                        183,961                                                367,922                                                 25,535                                                51,070
 Oliver Osswald    Member     50,000                         185,842                                                371,683                                                 26,011                                                52,022
 Total                        308,626                        749,916                                                1,499,829                                               136,132                                               272,264


Number of shares and options held by Executive Committee members as of 31 December 2023 

 Name                       Position   Total number of shares owned   Total number of performance options held (at target)   Total number of performance options held (at maximum)   Total number of performance shares held (at target)   Total number of performance shares held (at maximum)
 Jan Jenisch                CEO        600,000                        1,023,681                                              2,047,362                                               129,445                                               258,890
 Nollaig Forrest            Member     0                              5,581                                                  11,162                                                  6,745                                                 13,490
 Mathias Gaertner           Member     21,463                         n/a                                                    n/a                                                     n/a                                                   n/a
 Jamie Gentoso              Member     22,139                         79,703                                                 159,405                                                 24,646                                                49,292
 Feliciano González Muñoz   Member     69,506                         193,205                                                386,409                                                 26,673                                                53,346
 Miljan Gutovic             Member     84,909                         201,503                                                403,005                                                 28,724                                                57,448
 Steffen Kindler            Member     1,000                          17,005                                                 34,009                                                  9,241                                                 18,482
 Martin Kriegner            Member     91,124                         210,462                                                420,923                                                 28,428                                                56,856
 Oliver Osswald             Member     50,000                         208,066                                                416,132                                                 28,724                                                57,448
 Toufic Tabbara             Member     11,198                         55,154                                                 110,308                                                 18,974                                                37,948
 Total                                 951,339                        1,994,360                                              3,988,715                                               301,600                                               603,200


13. Significant shareholders

According to the share register and disclosed through notifications filed with Holcim Ltd and the SIX Swiss Exchange, shareholders owning 3% or more are as follows: 

 Percentage of shares outstanding        2024    2023
 Thomas Schmidheiny1                     6.5     6.4
 UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG2   5.6     3.0
 BlackRock Inc.3                         5.2     5.2
 Holcim Ltd4                             4.9     < 3.0
 Martin and Rosmarie Ebner5              3.1     3.1
 Dodge & Cox6                            < 3.0   3.2


1 Excluding the shares of the family members; Thomas Schmidheiny directly and indirectly held 6.5% as of 31 December 2024.

2 UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG declared holdings of 5.6% as of 9 May 2024.

3 BlackRock Inc. declared holdings of 5.2% as of 24 June 2023.

4 Holcim Ltd held 4.9% as of 31 December 2024.

5 Martin and Rosmarie Ebner declared holdings of 3.1% as of 17 June 2023.

6 Dodge & Cox’s participation fell under 3.0% as of 30 August 2024.

The individual reports can be accessed on the reporting and publication platform of the Disclosure Office of SIX Swiss Exchange under: ser-ag.com/significant-shareholders

14. Share capital

As of 31 December 2024, Holcim Ltd’s share capital amounts to CHF 1,158 million (2023: CHF 1,158 million) and consists of 579,124,606 registered shares (2023: 579,124,606) with a nominal value of CHF 2.00 each.

APPROPRIATION OF AVAILABLE EARNINGS AND RESERVES

Special distribution by way of a dividend-in-kind to effect the spin-off of Amrize Ltd (including appropriation of available earnings) 

 Million CHF                                                                                           2024      2023
 Capital reserves from tax capital contributions:                                                               
 - Domestic                                                                                            63        551
 - Foreign                                                                                             10,584    12,154
 Total available capital reserves from tax capital contributions                                       10,647    12,705
 Available earnings:                                                                                            
 Retained earnings                                                                                     17,627    16,452
 Net income of the year                                                                                1,284     687
 Total available earnings                                                                              18,911    17,139
 Appropriation proposed by the Board of Directors (special distribution by way of a dividend-in-kind to effect the spin-off of Amrize Ltd)1  (7,473)   0
 Proposed distribution from foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions as part of the special distribution by way of a dividend-in-kind to effect the spin-off of Amrize Ltd  (1,774)   0
 Total foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions after appropriation of dividend-in-kind (but before payment of the cash dividend)  8,810     0
 Total available earnings after appropriation of dividend-in-kind1                                     11,438    17,139
 Balance to be carried forward1                                                                        11,438    17,139


1 Based on currently estimated book value of the Spin-off Distribution of approximately CHF 9,247 million. Depending on the final book value of the Spin-off Distribution, this amount may be subject to change, but in any case, it will not exceed the sum of CHF 1,774 million and available earnings of Holcim Ltd (of CHF 18,911 million).

The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to distribute, by way of a dividend-in-kind, of 1 share in Amrize Ltd (an “Amrize Share”) for every dividend-bearing share of Holcim Ltd (the “Spin-off Distribution”). On the statutory stand-alone balance sheet of Holcim Ltd, the Spin-off Distribution shall be made at the book value of Amrize Ltd (“Amrize”), amounting immediately prior to the Spin-off Distribution to a total of approximately CHF 9,247 million (estimated), but in any case not exceeding the sum of CHF 1,774 million and available earnings of Holcim Ltd (of CHF 18,911 million), and shall be booked in the amount of CHF 1,774 million against foreign capital reserves from tax capital contribution and in the remaining amount against available earnings of CHF 18,911 million (comprising retained earnings of CHF 17,627 million carried forward from the previous year and net income for 2024 of CHF 1,284 million). The Board of Directors shall determine in its discretion the treatment of holders of physical share certificates (“Heimverwahrer”) that do not timely deposit their share certificates to receive Amrize Shares (it being understood that respective Amrize Shares shall generally be sold and net cash proceeds shall be delivered to such holders in lieu of Amrize Shares) as well as measures that may be required or advisable under applicable sanctions laws. No distribution will be made with respect to treasury shares held by Holcim Ltd at the time of the Spin-off Distribution.

The Spin-off Distribution is subject to the following conditions precedent:

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) shall have declared effective the registration statement on Form 10 filed by Amrize with the SEC pursuant to the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the registration of the Amrize Shares and no stop order relating to the registration statement shall be in effect, and no proceedings for that purpose shall be pending before or threatened by the SEC;

The New York Stock Exchange shall have approved the listing of the Amrize Shares, subject to official notice of issuance;

The SIX Swiss Exchange shall have approved the listing of the Amrize Shares, subject to customary formal requirements;

The registration statement on Form 10 shall have been approved by the SIX Prospectus Office for the purpose of the listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange in accordance with article 54 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services dated 15 June 2018 (SR 950.1);

Holcim shall have received tax opinions from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and a nationally recognized accounting firm, substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Spin-off Distribution, together with certain internal reorganization transactions undertaken in anticipation of the Spin-off Distribution, will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(D) and Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

All actions, filings, permits, registrations and consents necessary or appropriate under applicable federal, state or other securities laws or “blue sky” laws and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to Amrize shall have been taken or made and, where applicable, become effective or accepted;

No order, injunction or decree issued by any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing consummation of the separation of the Amrize business, the spin-off of Amrize, the Spin-off Distribution or any of the related transactions shall be in effect, and no other event outside the control of Holcim shall have occurred or failed to occur that prevents the consummation of the separation of the Amrize business or the spin-off of Amrize (including, but not limited to, Holcim not being able to complete the internal transactions to separate the business currently constituting the Amrize business of Holcim from the other businesses, due to elements outside of its reasonable control);

No other events or developments shall have occurred or exist prior to the ex-dividend date of the Spin-off Distribution that, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of Directors, would result in the separation of the Amrize business, the spin-off of Amrize, the Spin-off Distribution or the related transactions having a material adverse effect (including, but not limited to, material adverse tax consequences or risks) on Holcim or its shareholders.

The Board of Directors shall (i) determine whether these conditions precedent are satisfied and, to the extent legally permissible, have authority to waive the afore-mentioned conditions precedent if such waiver is, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, in the best interest of Holcim and its shareholders; and (ii) set the record, ex-dividend and settlement dates of the Spin-off Distribution, which shall occur as soon as practicable following the satisfaction (or waiver) of these conditions precedent.

The remaining amount of available earnings that is not used for the Spin-off Distribution shall be carried forward to the new accounts.

Distribution of cash dividend payable out of foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions 

 Million CHF                                                                                           2024      2023
 Capital reserves from tax capital contributions:1                                                              
 - Domestic                                                                                            63        551
 - Foreign1                                                                                            8,810     12,154
 Total available capital reserves from tax capital contributions1                                      8,873     12,705
 Proposed distribution of a cash dividend from foreign capital reserves from tax capital contributions (gross dividend of CHF 3.10  (1,716)   (1,573)
 (2023: CHF 2.80) per dividend-bearing share)2                                                                  
 Balance to be carried forward                                                                         7,157     11,132


1 Assuming that the Annual General Meeting approves the special distribution by way of a dividend-in-kind to effect the spin-off of Amrize Ltd (including appropriation of available earnings).

2 Dividend-bearing shares are all shares except for treasury shares held by Holcim Ltd as of the record date. The amount of CHF 1,716 million is presented based on the total estimated number of outstanding shares at the time of the distribution of the cash dividend.

The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to distribute a cash dividend from the foreign reserves from tax capital contributions of CHF 3.10 (2023: CHF 2.80) per registered share of CHF 2.00 par value up to an amount of CHF 1,716 million.

No distribution will be made with respect to treasury shares held by Holcim Ltd at the time of the distribution of the cash dividend.

TO THE GENERAL MEETING OF HOLCIM LTD, ZUG

To the General Meeting

of Holcim Ltd, Zug

Zurich, 27 February 2025

Report of the statutory auditor

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Holcim Ltd (the Company), which comprise the statement of financial position as of 31 December 2024, the statement of income for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the financial statements (pages 354 to 360) comply with Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA-CH). Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are further described in the "Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements" section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the "Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements" section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the financial statements.

Financial investments - Group companies

Area of focus

Holcim Ltd holds financial investments in Group companies with a carrying amount of CHF 31,227m as at 31 December 2024, which represents 84% of the Company's total assets.

The Company's note in respect of the accounting policies on financial investments is included in Note 1 of the statutory financial statements. The principal direct and indirect subsidiaries and other holdings of Holcim Ltd are disclosed on pages 281 to 284 of the consolidated financial statements.

The assessment of the carrying value of investments includes certain complexity and judgement. It is related to the value of the underlying assets held by each investment which themselves depends on the value of other underlying assets. Management has developed valuation models that depend on estimation of the future earnings and the discount rates applied.

Due to this complexity and judgment in relation to whether the carrying amount of the financial investments is supported through their value in use calculated on the basis of budgeted future cash flows, this area represents a key audit matter.

Our audit response

We assessed the Company's accounting policy in respect of financial investments valuation.

We obtained an understanding of the internal controls surrounding the valuation process for financial investments valuation and assessed their design and implementation.

We assessed, with involvement of our valuation specialists, the valuation methodology, the underlying assumptions and the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models. Our procedures included assessment of the assumptions and methodologies used by the Company in its value-in-use calculation and discount rates applied. We analyzed, for each financial investment, the excess of the recoverable amount over carrying amount.

We compared the amount of investment impairment recognized in the financial statements with impairment assessment in the valuation models.

Our audit procedures did not lead to any reservations concerning the valuation, presentation and disclosure of investments in group companies.

Other information

The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, the stand-alone financial statements, the remuneration report and our auditor's reports thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Board of Directors' responsibilities for the financial statements

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern, and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law and SA-CH will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on EXPERTsuisse's website at: https://www.expertsuisse.ch/en/audit-report. This description forms an integral part of our report.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 3 CO and PS-CH 890, we confirm that an internal control system exists, which has been designed for the preparation of the financial statements according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.

Based on our audit in accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 2 CO, we confirm that the proposals of the Board of Directors comply with Swiss law and the Company’s articles of incorporation. We recommend that the financial statements submitted to you be approved. Ernst & Young Ltd

Jacques Pierres, Licensed audit expert, Auditor in charge

Daniel Zaugg, Licensed audit expert

5-YEAR-REVIEW HOLCIM GROUP 

 Statement of income                                                                                     2024      2023      2022      2021      2020
 Net sales                                                                                 Million CHF   26,407    27,009    29,189    26,834    23,142
 Gross profit                                                                              Million CHF   11,676    11,498    11,614    11,536    9,689
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                             Million CHF   6,677     6,378     6,554     6,562     5,616
 Recurring EBIT                                                                            Million CHF   5,049     4,760     4,752     4,612     3,676
 Recurring EBIT margin                                                                     %             19.1      17.6      16.3      17.2      15.9
 Operating profit (EBIT)                                                                   Million CHF   4,642     4,577     3,221     4,401     3,371
 Depreciation, amortization and impairment of operating assets                             Million CHF   (2,219)   (2,076)   (2,845)   (2,337)   (2,515)
 Income taxes                                                                              Million CHF   981       999       1,027     963       717
 Tax rate                                                                                  %             24        24        23        26        26
 Net income                                                                                Million CHF   3,042     3,176     3,528     2,681     2,002
 Net income - shareholders of Holcim Ltd                                                   Million CHF   2,926     3,060     3,308     2,298     1,697
 Statement of cash flows                                                                                                                        
 Cash flow from operating activities                                                       Million CHF   5,667     5,470     4,562     5,045     4,618
 Free Cash Flow after leases                                                               Million CHF   3,801     3,705     2,765     3,264     3,249
 Investments in property, plant and equipment for maintenance net                          Million CHF   (878)     (921)     (865)     (829)     (647)
 Investments in property, plant and equipment for expansion                                Million CHF   (599)     (487)     (570)     (591)     (379)
 (Purchase) Disposal of financial assets, intangible and other assets and businesses net   Million CHF   (560)     (2,061)   3,516     (3,291)   (205)
 Statement of financial position                                                                                                                
 Current assets                                                                            Million CHF   12,187    12,842    16,784    13,696    10,886
 Non-current assets                                                                        Million CHF   42,098    39,844    40,819    46,188    42,338
 Total assets                                                                              Million CHF   54,285    52,686    57,603    59,885    53,224
 Current liabilities                                                                       Million CHF   9,754     8,904     8,857     9,745     8,178
 Non-current liabilities                                                                   Million CHF   16,575    16,999    19,132    19,666    16,422
 Total shareholders' equity                                                                Million CHF   27,956    26,783    29,614    30,473    28,625
 Shareholders' equity as % of total assets                                                 %             51.5      50.8      51.4      50.9      53.8
 Non-controlling interests                                                                 Million CHF   716       786       940       2,788     2,553
 Net financial debt                                                                        Million CHF   8,448     7,896     6,032     9,977     8,483
 Personnel                                                                                                                                      
 Number of personnel (FTE)                                                                               63,665    63,448    60,422    69,672    67,409


Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements

This document contains forward-looking statements relating to the Group’s future business, development and economic performance. Such forward-looking statements do not constitute forecasts regarding results or any other performance indicator, but rather trends or targets, as the case may be, including with respect to plans, initiatives, events, products, solutions and services, their development and potential. Although Holcim believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions as at the time of publishing this document, investors are cautioned that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this document as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Holcim, including but not limited to the risks described in this Annual Report and uncertainties related to the market conditions and the implementation of our plans. Accordingly, we caution you against relying on forward-looking statements. Holcim assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Disclaimer

The complete Annual Report for Holcim Ltd is published in English and is available on holcim.com. A printed extract of the Annual Report will be available in English and German from April 2025. The English version is legally binding.

Financial reporting calendar 

                                          Date
 Results for the first quarter            25 April 2025
 Annual General Meeting of shareholders   14 May 2025


DEFINITION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES USED IN THIS REPORT

Organic Growth

Organic growth information factors out changes in the scope of consolidation (such as divestments and acquisitions occurring in the current year and the prior year) and currency translation effects (current-year figures are converted with prior-year exchange rates in order to calculate the currency effects).

Growth in local currency

Growth in local currency factors in organic growth and acquisitions and divestments by excluding currency translation effects.

Recurring operating costs

The recurring operating costs indicator represents all recurring costs. It is defined as:

+/- Recurring EBITDA after leases

- Net sales

- Share of profit of joint ventures

Recurring EBITDA

The Recurring EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) measures the performance of the Group excluding the impacts of non-recurring items. It is defined as:

+/- Operating profit/loss (EBIT)

- Depreciation, amortization and impairment of operating assets

- Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs

Recurring EBITDA margin

The Recurring EBITDA margin measures the profitability of the Group excluding the impacts of non-recurring items. It is defined as the Recurring EBITDA divided by net sales.

Recurring EBITDA after leases

The Recurring EBITDA after leases (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) measures the performance of the Group including the impacts of lease depreciation and excluding the impacts of non-recurring items. It is defined as the Recurring EBITDA less the depreciation of right-of-use assets.

Recurring EBIT

The Recurring EBIT is defined as operating profit/loss (EBIT) adjusted for restructuring, litigation, other non-recurring costs and for impairment of operating assets.

Recurring EBIT margin

The Recurring EBIT margin measures the profitability of the Group excluding the impacts of restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs. It is defined as the Recurring EBIT divided by net sales.

Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs

Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs relate to significant items that, because of their exceptional nature, cannot be viewed as inherent to the Group’s ongoing performance, such as strategic restructuring, major items relating to antitrust fines and other business-related litigation cases.

Profit (loss) on disposals and other non-operating items

Profit and loss on disposals and other non-operating items comprise gains or losses on the disposals of Group companies, associates and joint ventures, other non-operating items that are not directly related to the Group’s operating activities such as revaluation gains or losses on previously held equity interests, indemnification provisions and disputes with minority shareholders.

Operating profit/loss (EBIT) before impairment

The operating profit/loss (EBIT) before impairment measures the profit earned from the Group’s core business activities excluding impairment charges which, because of their exceptional nature, cannot be viewed as inherent to the Group’s ongoing activities. It is defined as:

+/- Operating profit/loss

- Impairment of goodwill and long-term assets

Net income/loss before taxes, impairment and divestments

Net income/loss before taxes, impairment and divestments excludes impairment charges and capital gains and losses arising on disposals of investments which, because of their exceptional nature, cannot be viewed as inherent to the Group’s ongoing activities. It is defined as:

+/- Net income/loss before taxes

- Gains and losses on disposals of Group companies

- Impairment of goodwill and long-term assets

Net income/loss before impairment and divestments

Net income/loss before impairment and divestments excludes impairment charges and capital gains and losses arising on disposals of investments which, because of their exceptional nature, cannot be viewed as inherent to the Group’s ongoing activities. This indicator is net of taxation and is defined as:

+/- Net income/loss

- Gains and losses on disposals of Group companies, net of taxation

- Impairment of goodwill and long-term assets, net of taxation

Earnings per share (EPS) before impairment and divestments

Earnings per share (EPS) before impairment and divestments measures the theoretical profitability per share of stock outstanding based on a net income/loss before impairment and divestments. It is defined as net income/loss before impairment and divestments attributable to the shareholders of Holcim Ltd divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding.

CapEx or net CapEx (net maintenance and expansion CapEx)

CapEx or net CapEx (net maintenance and expansion CapEx) measures the cash spent to maintain or expand the Group’s asset base. It is defined as:

+ Expenditure to increase existing or create additional capacity to produce, distribute or provide services for existing products (expansion) or to diversify into new products or markets (diversification)

+ Expenditure to sustain the functional capacity of a particular component, assembly, equipment, production line or the whole plant, which may or may not generate a change of the resulting cash flow

- Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment.

Employee benefits and other operating items

Employee benefits and other operating items reflect the non-cash impact on the operating profit of employee benefits schemes net of any cash payments, the non-cash impact of the specific business risks provisions net of any cash payments, the non-cash share-based compensation expenses and any other non-cash operating expenses.

Change in other receivables and liabilities

Change in other receivables and liabilities includes the net change of other receivables and liabilities that are not already disclosed separately in the consolidated statement of cash flows or that are not of a tax or of a financial nature.

Free Cash Flow after leases

The Free Cash Flow after leases (also referred as Free Cash Flow) measures the level of cash generated by the Group after spending cash to maintain or expand its asset base. It is defined as:

+/- Cash flow from operating activities

- Net maintenance and expansion CapEx

- Repayment of long-term lease liabilities

Free Cash Flow margin

The Free Cash Flow margin measures the efficiency of the Group to converting net sales into cash. It is defined as Free Cash Flow after leases divided by net sales.

Net financial debt (“Net debt”)

The Net financial debt (“Net debt”) measures the financial debt of the Group after deduction of the cash. It is defined as:

+ Financial liabilities (short- and long-term) including derivative liabilities

- Cash and cash equivalents

- Derivative assets (short- and long-term)

Debt leverage

The Net financial debt to Recurring EBITDA ratio is used as an indicator of financial risk and shows the number of years it would take the Group to repay its debt if Recurring EBITDA and net debt are held constant.

Working Capital days on sales (count-back)

The Working Capital days on sales is an efficiency ratio measuring the level of trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and inventories in comparison to sales of the current month and the previous months until the respective balance is covered. It is defined as:

+ Days sales outstanding

+ Days inventories outstanding

- Days payables outstanding

Invested Capital

The Invested Capital measures total funds invested by shareholders, lenders and any other financing sources. It is defined as:

+ Total shareholders’ equity

+ Net financial debt

- Assets classified as held for sale

+ Liabilities classified as held for sale

- Current financial receivables

- Long-term financial investments and other long-term assets

Net Operating Profit/loss After Tax (“NOPAT”)

It is defined as:

+/- Net Operating Profit (loss) (i.e., Recurring EBIT and share of profit of associates)

- Income taxes (determined by applying the Group’s effective tax rate to the net operating profit/loss as defined above)

Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)

Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) measures the Group’s ability to efficiently use Invested Capital. It is defined as Net Operating Profit (loss) After Tax (NOPAT) divided by the average Invested Capital. The average is calculated by adding the Invested Capital at the beginning of the period to that at the end of the period and dividing the sum by two (based on a rolling 12-month calculation). In case of a material change in scope during the year, the average Invested Capital is adjusted pro rata temporis.

Cash conversion

Cash conversion measures the Group’s ability to convert profits into available cash. It is defined as Free Cash Flow after leases divided by Recurring EBITDA after leases.

Personnel (FTE)

Personnel (FTE) measures the number of full-time equivalent own personnel (FTE) assigned to functions and tasks.

Employees (headcount)

Employees (headcount) refers to the number of individuals on Holcim’s payroll with an active employment contract during the reference time period and regardless of employment contract type (full-time, part-time, student contracts, trainees, apprentices and interns), as well as employees on garden leave, maternity/parental leave and sick leave.

Net CO2 emissions (kilogram per ton of cementitious material)

Net CO2 emissions are CO2 emissions from the calcination process of the raw materials and the combustion of traditional kiln and non-kiln fuels. Cementitious materials refer to clinker production volumes, mineral components consumed in cement production and mineral components processed and sold externally.

CO2 per net sales

The absolute CO2 (thousand metric tons) emissions Scope 1 and Scope 2 divided by millions of net sales.

ECOPact

ECOPact is Holcim’s low-carbon concrete product range that delivers equal or better performance than conventional concrete and has at least 30% lower CO2 emissions compared with a local concrete using Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC, alternatively known as CEM I) in the same strength class.

ECOPlanet

ECOPlanet is Holcim’s range of low-carbon cement that delivers equal or better performance than conventional cement and has at least at 30% lower CO2 emissions compared to Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC, alternatively known as CEM I).

Advanced branded solutions

Brands that meet ambitious customer needs, serve multiple markets and account for at least CHF 1 billion in net sales.

Specific Freshwater withdrawal (liter per ton of cementitious material)

Total volume of freshwater withdrawn by the cement plant divided by the total production of cementitious material.

Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR)

Number of on-the-job injuries that require a person to stay away from work for a day or more per one million hours worked.

Green CapEx

The Sustainability Capital Expenditures with significant positive impact on Process Decarbonization, Clean Energy, Carbon Efficient Construction, Circular Economy, Biodiversity, Air & Water and Communities such as but not limited to carbon capture, waste heat recovery, 3D printing, electrical fleet, calcined clay technology, alternative fuels & raw materials installations.

Waste derived resources

Waste derived resources is the sum of all waste raw materials and fuels consumed in the production processes as well as recycled materials processed sold externally. This includes alternative raw materials, alternative fuels, industrial mineral components, returned concrete, recycled aggregates and asphalt. Construction demolition materials are included in waste derived resources.

Construction demolition materials (CDM)

CDM recycled volume is generated from construction, renovation, repair and demolition of houses, large building structures, roads, bridges, piers and dams. This includes alternative raw materials, recycled aggregates, asphalt and return concrete reused in cement, aggregates, ready-mix concrete, asphalt and concrete products. CDM is equivalent to construction and demolition waste (CDW) as defined by the EU Waste Framework Directive.

Contribution in Social Initiatives

Any initiatives Holcim puts in place to address social issues and to contribute to society that are not primarily motivated by generating a direct financial return to the Group’s business such as but not limited to housing & infrastructure, health, education & skills, environment, cultural and recreational.

Sustainable financing

Any committed financing instrument drawn and undrawn with a sustainability feature which includes performance-based (sustainability KPI, ESG linked) or use-of-proceed-based products (green, social, transition bonds) incurred by the parent company or consolidated entities.

Green bond

Green bond is a fixed-income instrument which enables the funding of green eligible projects as defined by the Green Bond Principles and endorsed by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA). A green bond has a dedicated use of proceeds in projects that are sustainable and socially responsible such as projects in the field of renewable energy, carbon capture, clean transportation, and circular economy.

Thermal Substitution Rate (TSR)

Thermal substitution rate (TSR) corresponds to the relation of thermal energy consumption of alternative fuels to the total amount of thermal energy consumption in the cement kiln system.

Ton

Refers to a Metric ton, or 1,000 kg.

This set of definitions can be found on the Group's website: holcim.com/alternative-performance-measures

Reconciliation of Alternative Performance Measures

Reconciling measures of Profit and Loss to the Consolidated statement of income 

 Million CHF                                                                                           2024       2023
 Net sales                                                                                             26,407     27,009
 Recurring Operating costs                                                                             (19,994)   (20,935)
 Share of profit of joint ventures                                                                     264        304
 Recurring EBITDA after leases                                                                         6,677      6,378
 Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment, intangible and other long-term assets  (1,628)    (1,618)
 Recurring EBIT                                                                                        5,049      4,760
 Restructuring, litigation and other non-recurring costs                                               (205)      (84)
 Impairment of operating assets                                                                        (202)      (99)
 Operating profit                                                                                      4,642      4,577


 Million CHF                           2024    2023
 Recurring EBITDA after leases         6,677   6,378
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets   389     359
 Recurring EBITDA                      7,066   6,737


 Million CHF                                           2024    2023
 Net income before taxes, impairment and divestments   4,299   4,218
 Impairment of goodwill and long-term assets           (202)   (99)
 Gain (loss) on disposals of Group companies           (75)    55
 Net income before taxes                               4,022   4,174


 Million CHF                                                              2024    2023
 Net income before impairment and divestments Group share                 3,185   3,089
 Net income before impairment and divestments Non-controlling interests   112     116
 Net income before impairment and divestments                             3,297   3,205
 Impairment of goodwill and long-term assets, net of taxation             (160)   (82)
 Gain (loss) on disposals of Group companies, net of taxation             (95)    53
 Net income                                                               3,042   3,176
 EPS before impairment and divestments in CHF                             5.70    5.42


Reconciling measures of Free Cash Flow to the Consolidated statement of Cash Flows 

 Million CHF                                 2024      2023
 Cash flow from operating activities         5,667     5,470
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment   (1,650)   (1,505)
 Disposal of property, plant and equipment   173       96
 Repayment of long-term lease liabilities    (389)     (357)
 Free Cash Flow after leases                 3,801     3,705


Reconciling measures of Net financial debt to the Consolidated statement of financial position 

 Million CHF                       2024      2023
 Current financial liabilities     1,842     1,416
 Long-term financial liabilities   12,014    12,665
 Cash and cash equivalents         (5,347)   (6,082)
 Short-term derivative assets      (55)      (13)
 Long-term derivative assets       (6)       (90)
 Net financial debt                8,448     7,896


SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE REPORT 2024

PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES

PERFORMANCE AGAINST TARGETS 

 Unit key                                                                   
 NR - Not reported                               Mt - million tons           Mm3 - million cubic meters
 kgCO2/t - kilograms of carbon dioxide per ton   ton - metric ton            L/t - liters per ton
 M GJ - million gigajoules                       g - grams                   L/m3 - liters per cubic meter
 MJ/t - million joules per ton                   g/t - grams per ton         ha - hectaresr
 CHF - Swiss francs                              mg/t - milligrams per ton   km - kilometers
 CHFm - million Swiss francs                     # - number                  % - percentage


                                                                       Unit                           Base Year   Baseline   2023
                                                                                                                             Performance
 Specific CO2 emissions - Net (Scope 1) - cement only1                 kgCO2/t                        2018        590        549
 Specific CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - cement only1               kgCO2/t                        2018        623        591
 CO2 emissions - electricity (Scope 2) - cement only1                  kgCO2e/t purchased fuels       2018        46         35
 CO2 indirect emissions from purchased fuels (Scope 3)1                kgCO2e/t per ton CLC           2020        286        285
 CO2 indirect emissions from purchased clinker and cement (Scope 3)1   kgCO2e/t per ton transported   2020        710        709
 CO2 indirect emissions from downstream transportation (Scope 3)1      kgCO2e/t transported           2020        11         9
 Cement Specific freshwater withdrawal1                                L/t                            2018        377        301
 Aggregates Specific freshwater withdrawal                             L/t                            2018        225        192
 Ready-Mix Specific freshwater withdrawal                              L/m3                           2018        212        206
 Waste derived resources - all segments1                               Mt                             2018        n/a        35
 Construction demolition materials (CDM)                               Mt                             2020        6.6        8.4
 Recycling ratio - Cement (waste used / production volumes)1           %                              2020        22         21
 High ESG impact suppliers qualified (% spend)                         %                              2017        n/a        93
 Specific dust emissions                                               g/t                            2018        121        64
 Specific NOx emissions                                                g/t                            2016        1,513      1,189
 Specific SO2 emissions                                                g/t                            2016        357        235
 Cumulative contribution to create positive social impact              CHFm                           2021        n/a        91


                                                                       2024          2024 vs. 2023   2030 Target   Achieved to Date
                                                                       Performance                                
 Specific CO2 emissions - Net (Scope 1) - cement only1                 538           -2%             420           -9%
 Specific CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - cement only1               582           -2%             -23 %         -7%
 CO2 emissions - electricity (Scope 2) - cement only1                  32            -8%             -65 %         -30%
 CO2 indirect emissions from purchased fuels (Scope 3)1                285           -               -20 %         -
 CO2 indirect emissions from purchased clinker and cement (Scope 3)1   705           -1%             -25 %         -1%
 CO2 indirect emissions from downstream transportation (Scope 3)1      9             3%              -24 %         -19%
 Cement Specific freshwater withdrawal1                                277           -8%             -33 %         -827%
 Aggregates Specific freshwater withdrawal                             184           -4%             -20 %         -18%
 Ready-Mix Specific freshwater withdrawal                              200           -3%             -15 %         -6%
 Waste derived resources - all segments1                               38            8%              70            55%
 Construction demolition materials (CDM)                               10.2          20%             20            54%
 Recycling ratio - Cement (waste used / production volumes)1           22            5%              30            1%
 High ESG impact suppliers qualified (% spend)                         88            -5%             100 %         88%
 Specific dust emissions                                               38            -40%            75            -68%
 Specific NOx emissions                                                1,154         -3%             1,100         -24%
 Specific SO2 emissions                                                235           2%              230           -34%
 Cumulative contribution to create positive social impact              115           27%             350           33%


1 2023 data is restated as per 2024 Consolidation.

PERFORMANCE DATA TABLES 

 ENVIRONMENT                                                                                     
 ENERGY1                                                                     Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Total energy consumption                                                    M GJ   435    425    419
 Total energy consumption from fossil sources                                M GJ   389    375    367
 Total energy consumption from renewable sources                             M GJ   47     50     52
 Thermal energy consumption                                                  M GJ   370    361    356
 Thermal energy consumption fossil fuels - coal                              M GJ   67     51     47
 Thermal energy consumption fossil fuels - petcoke                           M GJ   78     79     76
 Thermal energy consumption fossil fuels - oil                               M GJ   29     29     26
 Thermal energy consumption fossil fuels - gas                               M GJ   94     98     99
 Thermal energy consumption fossil fuels - other traditional fossil fuels    M GJ   8      7      6
 Thermal energy mix of clinker production - alternative fuels (ex biomass)   M GJ   60     61     63
 Thermal energy mix of clinker production - biomass                          M GJ   33     37     39
 Electrical energy consumption                                               M GJ   65     64     63
 Electrical energy consumption - renewable                                   M GJ   13     14     13
 Electrical energy consumption - own generation - renewable                  M GJ   1      1      1
 Electrical energy consumption - renewable PPAs                              M GJ   3      3      3
 Electrical energy consumption - other renewable (grid)                      M GJ   9      9      9
 Electrical energy consumption - non-renewable                               M GJ   52     50     49
 Electrical energy consumption - own generation - non-renewable              M GJ   3      3      3
 Electrical energy consumption - grid - non-renewable                        M GJ   49     47     46


1 2022 and 2023 data is restated in line with 2024 Consolidation. 

 ENVIRONMENT                                                                                                   
 ABSOLUTE GHG EMISSIONS1                                                                   Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Absolute Scope 1 emissions - gross                                                        Mt     77     74     71
 Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emission trading schemes               %      29     28     29
 Absolute Scope 2 emissions (market-based)                                                 Mt     4      5      4
 Percentage of electricity purchased with usage of bundled renewable energy attributes     %      NR     NR     7
 Percentage of electricity purchased with usage of unbundled renewable energy attributes   %      NR     NR     6
 Absolute Scope 3 emissions - total                                                        Mt     48     46     42
 Percentage of GHG Scope 3 calculated using primary data                                   %      49     51     48
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 1 - Purchased goods and services                              Mt     9.5    7.5    7.3
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 2 - Capital goods                                             Mt     0.1    0.2    0.1
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 3 - Fuel and energy-related activities                        Mt     5.5    5.3    5.1
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 4 - Upstream transportation and distribution                  Mt     4.7    4.3    4.2
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 5 - Waste generated in operations                             Mt     0.1    0.1    0.1
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 6 - Business travel                                           Mt     0.0    0.0    0.0
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 7 - Employee commuting                                        Mt     0.1    0.1    0.1
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 8 - Upstream leased assets2                                   Mt     0.0    0.0    0.0
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 9 - Downstream transportation and distribution                Mt     2.5    2.2    2.2
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 10 - Processing of sold products                              Mt     1.5    1.8    1.6
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 11 - Use of sold products                                     Mt     0.0    0.0    0.0
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 12 - End-of-life treatment of sold products                   Mt     1.0    1.4    1.3
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 13 - Downstream leased assets                                 Mt     0.0    0.0    0.0
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 14 - Franchises                                               Mt     0.0    0.0    0.0
 Absolute S3 emissions - Cat 15 - Investments                                              Mt     22.5   23.1   19.6
 Absolute emissions (Scope 1, 2 & 3)                                                       Mt     125    124    117


 ABSOLUTE SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS BY SOURCE1                Unit   2022   2023   2024
 CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1)                      Mt     77     74     71
 CO2 emissions from raw materials                     Mt     50     48     47
 CO2 emissions from fossil fuels                      Mt     22     20     19
 CO2 emissions from alternative fuels (non-biomass)   Mt     5      5      5
 CO2 emissions from alternative fuels (biomass)       Mt     3      3      4


 ABSOLUTE SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS BY REGION1                          Unit   2022   2023   2024
 CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - Asia, Middle East & Africa   Mt     28     27     26
 CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - Europe                       Mt     22     20     20
 CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - LATAM                        Mt     11     11     10
 CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - North America                Mt     16     16     15


 SPECIFIC SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS1                                Unit                   2022   2023   2024
 CO2 indirect emissions from purchased fuels                kgCO2e/t purchased     287    285    285
 CO2 indirect emissions from purchased clinker and cement   kgCO2e/t purchased     716    709    705
 CO2 indirect emissions from downstream transportation      kgCO2e/t transported   10     9      9


1 2022 and 2023 data is restated in line with 2024 consolidation.

2 As per latest SBTi Guidelines, emissions from leased vehicles were reclassified as Scope 1 and leased spaces as Scope 2.

ENVIRONMENT 

 ENERGY & GHG (GCCA KPIs) - CEMENT PLANTS ONLY                                          Unit      2022    2023    2024
 Absolute Net Scope 1                                                                   Mt        71      67      65
 Absolute Gross3 Scope 1                                                                Mt        76      72      70
 Absolute Scope 2 - Market-based                                                        Mt        4       4       4
 Absolute Scope 2 - Location-based                                                      Mt        4       4       4
 Specific CO2 emissions - Net4 (Scope 1) - as reported                                  kgCO2/t   562     545     538
 Specific CO2 emissions - Net (Scope 1) - 2024 consolidation                            kgCO2/t   567     549     538
 Specific CO2 emissions - Gross3 (Scope 1) - as reported                                kgCO2/t   602     587     582
 Specific CO2 emissions - Gross (Scope 1) - 2024 consolidation                          kgCO2/t   607     591     582
 Specific CO2 emissions - Electricity (Scope 2) - market-based - as reported            kgCO2/t   37      36      32
 Specific CO2 emissions - Electricity (Scope 2) - market-based - 2024 consolidation     kgCO2/t   35      35      32
 Specific heat consumption of clinker production - as reported                          MJ/t      3,654   3,664   3,702
 Specific heat consumption of clinker production - 2024 consolidation                   MJ/t      3,647   3,663   3,702
 Thermal Substitution Rate (TSR): alternative fuels plus biomass - as reported          %         28      30      32
 Thermal Substitution Rate (TSR): alternative fuels plus biomass - 2024 consolidation   %         28      30      32
 Thermal Substitution Rate (TSR): biomass - as reported                                 %         10      11      12
 Thermal Substitution Rate (TSR): biomass - 2024 consolidation                          %         10      11      12


3 Gross CO2 emissions are the total emissions resulting from the calcination of limestone and the emissions resulting from the burning of fossil-based fuels and pre-treated waste-derived fuels. Compared with gross CO2 emissions, net CO2 emissions do not include CO2 from alternative fuels.

4 Reported as kg/t cementitious material produced. See Note 11 for the definition of cementitious material. 

 ENVIRONMENT                                                                                                  
 WATER                                                                                  Unit   2022    2023    2024
 Cement, aggregates and ready-mix                                                                             
 Cement Specific freshwater withdrawal - as reported                                    L/t    304     298     277
 Cement Specific freshwater withdrawal - 2024 consolidation                             L/t    308     301     277
 Aggregates Specific freshwater withdrawal                                              L/t    218     192     184
 Ready-mix Specific freshwater withdrawal                                               L/m3   202     206     200
 Sites in water-risk areas5                                                             %      24      28      26
 Sites in water risk areas with recycling systems in place                              %      76      76      77
 Water-positive sites in water risk areas                                               %      4       4       6
 Water discharge compliant with regulations                                             %      99      98      99
 All segments (excluding captive power plants)                                                                
 Specific freshwater consumption (L/t of product)                                       L/t    141     129     118
 Total water withdrawal                                                                 Mm3    118     114     108
 Total freshwater withdrawal                                                            Mm3    104     98      89
 Total freshwater withdrawal from groundwater                                           Mm3    34      32      29
 Total freshwater withdrawal from surface water                                         Mm3    45      41      42
 Total freshwater withdrawal from municipal water supplies or third parties             Mm3    11      12      10
 Total freshwater withdrawal from quarries                                              Mm3    14      14      9
 Non-freshwater withdrawal                                                              Mm3    8       9       10
 Rainwater harvested                                                                    Mm3    6       7       9
 Total water discharge                                                                  Mm3    35      35      34
 Water discharge to ground or soil infiltration                                         Mm3    5       7       6
 Water discharge to surface water                                                       Mm3    29      26      27
 Water discharge to offsite treatment or third parties                                  Mm3    0.8     0.9     0.8
 Water discharge to seawater                                                            Mm3    0.3     1.7     0.8
 Total water consumption                                                                Mm3    83      78      72
 Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas of high water stress   Mm3    NR      NR      23
 Total water recycled and reused                                                        Mm3    NR      NR      135
 Sites equipped with a water recycling system                                           #      1,331   1,347   1,391
 Captive power plants                                                                                         
 Total water withdrawal                                                                 Mm3    128     118     120
 Total freshwater withdrawal                                                            Mm3    119     109     112
 Total freshwater withdrawal from groundwater                                           Mm3    0       0       0
 Total freshwater withdrawal from surface water                                         Mm3    119     109     112
 Total freshwater withdrawal from municipal water supplies or third parties             Mm3    0       0       0
 Total freshwater withdrawal from quarries                                              Mm3    0       0       0
 Non-freshwater withdrawal                                                              Mm3    9       9       8
 Rainwater harvested                                                                    Mm3    0       0       0
 Total water discharge                                                                  Mm3    127     118     120
 Water discharge to ground or soil infiltration                                         Mm3    0       0       0
 Water discharge to surface water                                                       Mm3    118     109     111
 Water discharge to offsite treatment                                                   Mm3    0       0       0
 Water discharge to seawater                                                            Mm3    9       9       8
 Total water consumption                                                                Mm3    0       0       0
 Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas of high-water stress   Mm3    NR      NR      0
 Total water recycled and reused                                                        Mm3    NR      NR      0
 Sites equipped with a water recycling system                                           #      4       4       4


5 Figures calculated using the Aqueduct Water Risk tool. Reflects sites in risk categories: medium-high, high and extremely high. 

 ENVIRONMENT                                                                                                 
 BIODIVERSITY                                                                        Unit   2022     2023     2024
 Quarries assessed using BIRS methodology - active only6                             %      51       67       100
 Quarries assessed using BIRS methodology - active and non-active6                   %      48       64       100
 Quarries with rehabilitation plan in place7                                         %      100      100      100
 Quarries with biodiversity importance8                                              #      256      294      277
 Quarries with biodiversity importance with biodiversity management plans in place   %      100      100      100
 Total rehabilitated area (active quarries)                                          ha     13,115   12,349   11,233
 Total rehabilitated area (all areas)9                                               ha     17,448   14,855   13,685
 Financing effects (direct and indirect costs) of biodiversity offsets               CHFm   NR       NR       2


 RECYCLING WASTE                                                                   Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Total materials consumed - excl. fuels                                            Mt     NR     NR     456
 Raw materials consumed - excl. fuels and recycled materials                       Mt     432    444    424
 Reused or recycled materials consumed - excl. fuels                               Mt     NR     NR     32
 Percentage of materials used that are reused or recycled                          %      NR     NR     7
 Waste derived resources - all segments10 - as reported                            Mt     34     36     38
 Waste derived resources - all segments - 2024 Consolidation                       Mt     33     35     38
 Alternative raw materials contained in cement                                     %      9      10     11
 Alternative raw materials contained in concrete                                   %      3      4      5
 Alternative raw materials contained in asphalt                                    %      19     20     20
 Recycling ratio - cement (waste used / production volumes) - as reported          %      20     22     22
 Recycling ratio - cement (waste used / production volumes) - 2024 consolidation   %      19     21     22
 Recycling ratio - all segments (waste used / sales volumes)                       %      7      7      8
 Construction demolition materials (CDM)                                           Mt     6.8    8.4    10.2


 INTERNAL WASTE (INCLUDING CAPTIVE POWER PLANTS)      Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Total waste generated                                Mt     1.99   2.09   2.18
 Total amount of hazardous waste                      Mt     0.03   0.05   0.04
 Internal hazardous waste recycled or recovered       Mt     0.01   0.03   0.03
 Internal hazardous waste disposed                    Mt     0.02   0.03   0.01
 Total amount of non-hazardous waste                  Mt     1.96   2.04   2.14
 Internal non-hazardous waste recycled or recovered   Mt     0.92   1.16   1.21
 Internal non-hazardous waste disposed                Mt     1.04   0.88   0.93
 Non-recycled waste                                   Mt     1.05   0.91   0.94
 Percentage of non-recycled waste                     %      53     43     43


 ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS (EMS) AND COMPLIANCE       Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Cement sites with ISO 14001 certification                   %      77     75     77
 Cement sites with an EMS equivalent to ISO 14001            %      94     94     95
 Aggregates sites with ISO 14001 certification               %      16     18     18
 Aggregates sites with an EMS equivalent to ISO 14001        %      66     66     63
 RMX sites with ISO 14001 certification                      %      20     22     23
 RMX sites with an EMS equivalent to ISO 14001               %      59     59     58
 Number of countries reporting severe non-compliance cases   #      3      5      5
 Fines and penalties paid                                    CHFm   0.6    0.5    1.1


6 Excluding quarries in process of divestment, such as all quarries in the U.S. and Canada.

7 This refers to the number of quarries with a quarry rehabilitation plan compliant with Holcim’s internal requirements.

8 According to categorizations introduced in 2018 following Fauna & Flora International (FFI) recommendations, which we have been incrementally implementing.

9 The decrease in rehabilitated area is due to the change in ownership of several quarries.

10 Includes alternative raw material industrial mineral components (consumed and sold externally), alternative fuels, the volume of returned concrete recycled, secondary and/or recycled aggregates, and recycled asphalt. 

 ENVIRONMENT                                                                                              
 AIR EMISSIONS                                                                  Unit   2022      2023      2024
 Clinker produced with continuous monitoring of dust, NOx , and SO2 emissions   %      93        93        94
 Clinker produced with monitoring of dust, NOx , and SO2 emissions              %      99        100       99
 Coverage                                                                                                 
 Overall: production with comprehensive emission monitoring                     %      79        92        91
 Dust: production with dust measurement                                         %      99        100       99
 NOx : production with NOx measurement                                          %      100       100       100
 SO2: production with SO2 measurement                                           %      100       100       100
 VOC: production with VOC measurement                                           %      92        97        98
 Mercury: production with mercury measurement                                   %      86        100       100
 Dioxins/furans: production with dioxins/furans measurement                     %      90        95        100
 HM1: production with HM1 measurement                                           %      89        96        95
 HM2: production with HM2 measurement                                           %      90        96        97
 Emissons                                                                                                 
 Total dust emissions                                                           ton    6,706     5,824     3,338
 Total NOx emissions                                                            ton    111,005   108,033   100,861
 Total SO2 emissions                                                            ton    21,870    20,875    20,500
 Total VOC emissions                                                            ton    4,096     4,208     3,353
 Total mercury emissions                                                        ton    1.1       1.6       1.3
 Total dioxins/furans emissions                                                 g      3.2       3.5       2.2
 Total HM1 emissions                                                            ton    1.0       1.6       1.4
 Total HM2 emissions                                                            ton    33.8      33.2      25.5
 Specific emissions (clinker)                                                                             
 Specific dust emissions                                                        g/t    71        64        38
 Specific NOx emissions                                                         g/t    1,177     1,189     1,154
 Specific SO2 emissions                                                         g/t    232       230       235
 Specific VOC emissions                                                         g/t    43        46        38
 Specific mercury emissions                                                     mg/t   12        18        15
 Specific dioxins/furans emissions                                              mg/t   34        39        25
 Specific HM1 emissions                                                         mg/t   11        17        16
 Specific HM2 emissions                                                         mg/t   358       365       292


 PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS                                   Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Clinker produced                                         Mt     94     91     87
 Clinker consumed                                         Mt     90     87     83
 Cement filters consumed (limestone, gypsum, MIC, etc.)   Mt     31     31     31
 Cement produced                                          Mt     121    118    114
 Mineral components (slag, fly ash, etc) produced         Mt     3      3      2
 Cementitious material produced11                         Mt     128    125    120
 Aggregates produced                                      Mt     252    265    252
 Asphalt produced                                         Mt     10     10     9
 RMX produced                                             Mm3    45     44     41
 Clinker factor (average % of clinker in cements)12       %      73.0   71.8   71.7
 Production clinker factor                                %      74.8   73.5   72.9
 Net sales of sustainable solutions13                     %      32     25     28


11 Cementitious material is defined following the GCCA definition: Total clinker produced plus mineral components consumed for blending and production of cement substitutes, including clinker sold but excluding clinker bought.

12 Cements is defined as total cements produced, excluding clinker sold, including clinker bought. It includes Portland, blended and slag cements and direct fly ash sales.

13 Net sales of sustainable solutions follows our financial reporting consolidation scope including acquisitions and divestments. The decrease in 2023 is due to the divestments of India and Brazil. 

 SOCIAL                                                                                                        
 PEOPLE: SOCIAL INITIATIVES                                                         Unit      2022     2023     2024
 Total contribution to create positive social impact                                CHFm      22.5     24.8     24.2
 of which: contribution by partners to create positive social impact                %         8        8        6
 Total contribution to:                                                                                        
 Housing and infrastructure                                                         %         24       28       33
 Community initiatives on health, education & skills and Other                      %         57       55       48
 Project management                                                                 %         19       17       19
 Type of contribution:                                                                                         
 Social investment and inclusive business projects                                  %         78       79       78
 Donations (cash and in kind)                                                       %         22       21       22
 Total number of beneficiaries14                                                    Million   3        2        3
 Rural roads renovated or built as part of our social initiatives                   km        328      481      330
 Hospitals owned and managed by Holcim, open for dependents and community members   #         18       13       12
 Schools owned and managed by Holcim, open for dependents and community members     #         19       19       18
 Volunteering                                                                       Hours     32,666   47,750   67,609
 Volunteering during paid working hours                                             %         73       84       83


 PEOPLE: HUMAN RIGHTS                                                                                  Unit   2022     2023     2024
 Human rights assessments conducted in the last three years - GRUs - cumulative15                      %      100      100      95
 Human rights assessments conducted in the last three years - sites                                    %      98       100      97
 Human rights assessment and action plan status signed off by country Exco during the reporting year   %      98       98       98
 People receiving training on human rights topics                                                      #      12,566   18,654   18,150
 Stakeholder engagement plans available and reviewed in last three years - cement, grinding sites      %      92       95       96


14 A direct beneficiary is defined as a person who was directly involved in the project or benefited from its implementation. Whenever possible, we count the exact number of beneficiaries (number of community members trained). When precise measurement is not possible (e.g., beneficiaries of a new hospital or bridge built by Holcim), estimates are made based on scientific methods such as social research, expert interviews or the like.

15 The decrease is due to the postponement of self assessments for U.S. GRUs until 2025 after the spin-off in order to involve the new management. 

 SOCIAL                                                                                                                    
 HEALTH & SAFETY                                                                                       Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Fatalities (activities under our direct control)                                                                          
 By location                                                                                                               
 On site                                                                                               #      8      2      2
 Offsite                                                                                               #      0      0      0
 By personnel category                                                                                                     
 Employees                                                                                             #      1      2      2
 Contractors                                                                                           #      7      0      0
 Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR)                                                                                   
 LTIFR employees (# of LTIs per million work hours)                                                    #      0.58   0.56   0.40
 LTIFR contractors (# of LTIs per million work hours)                                                  #      0.45   0.24   0.38
 LTIFR employees and contractors on site (# of LTIs per million work hours)                            #      0.53   0.43   0.39
 Total injury frequency rate (TIFR)                                                                                        
 Total recordable injuries - employees                                                                 #      NR     NR     504
 Total recordable injuries - employees and contractors on site                                         #      NR     NR     716
 TIFR employees (# of injuries per million work hours)                                                 #      4.06   4.45   4.16
 TIFR contractors (# of injuries per million work hours)                                               #      2.30   2.57   2.60
 TIFR employees and contractors on site (# of injuries per million work hours)                         #      3.32   3.68   3.53
 Occupational illness frequency rate (OIFR)                                                                                
 Total recordable occupational illnesses - employees                                                   #      NR     NR     54
 OIFR employees (# of occupational illness per million work hours)                                     #      0.23   0.47   0.45
 OIFR contractors (# of occupational illness per million work hours)                                   #      0.07   0.13   0.15
 OIFR employees and contractors on site (# of occupational illness per million work hours)             #      0.16   0.33   0.33
 Total recordable incidents (injuries and occupational illnesses) - employees16                        #      NR     NR     558
 Rate of recordable incidents employees (# of injuries and occupational illness per million work hours)  #      NR     NR     4.61
 Other                                                                                                                     
 Percentage of employees and contractors on site covered by a health and safety management system that meets legal or recognized standards  %      NR     NR     100
 On-site third-party fatalities (cement sites)                                                         #      0      0      0
 Workforce represented on health and safety committees                                                 %      95     93     92
 Number of employee fatalities per 10,000 directly employed                                            #      0.17   0.31   0.31
 Number of Lost Time Injuries (LTIs) (directly employed)                                               #      68     68     48
 Total number of LTIs - on site and off site                                                           #      106    88     79
 Cement sites with ISO 45001 certification                                                             %      21     21     21
 Cement sites with a management system equivalent to ISO 45001                                         %      36     37     37
 Aggregates sites with ISO 45001 certification                                                         %      14     17     14
 Aggregates sites with a management system equivalent to ISO 45001                                     %      28     30     31
 RMX sites with ISO 45001 certification                                                                %      16     17     17
 RMX sites with a management system equivalent to ISO 45001                                            %      34     34     39


16 Incidents fall under two management control categories: direct control and indirect control. Only incidents under direct control are publicly reported. Direct control incidents occur when Holcim has direct responsibility or supervision. 

 SOCIAL                                                                          
 EMPLOYEES BY EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT AND AGE                Unit   2022     2023     2024
 Total number of employees (FTE)17                       #      60,422   63,448   63,665
 Total number of employees (headcount)                   #      NR       NR       65,000
 Full-time employees                                     %      98       98       98
 Part-time employees                                     %      2        2        2
 Permanent employees                                     %      94       94       94
 Fixed-term contract employees                           %      6        6        6
 Number of employees at senior management level18        #      NR       NR       1,338
 Percentage of employees at senior management level18    %      NR       NR       2
 Employees under the age of 30                           %      14       15       14
 Employees between 30 and 50                             %      56       55       54
 Employees above 50                                      %      30       31       32
 Gender diversity (headcount)                                                    
 Women at senior management level                        %      20       21       21
 Women at all management levels                          %      25       26       27
 Women at non-management level                           %      13       14       14
 Women in total workforce                                %      17       18       18
 Turnover (headcount)                                                            
 Overall employee turnover rate                          %      17       16       18
 Number of employees who have left undertaking           #      NR       NR       11,756
 Voluntary employee turnover rate                        %      9        8        9
 Hirings                                                 %      20       19       17
 Development (headcount)                                                         
 Hours of training per employee (management level)       #      29       30       29
 Hours of training per employee (non-management level)   #      18       21       21
 Managers who had an annual performance review           %      87       84       89
 Non-managers who had an annual performance review       %      45       38       37


 EMPLOYEES BY CONTRACT TYPE AND REGION   AMEA     Europe   LATAM    North America   Total
 Number of employees (headcount)         11,817   24,285   10,747   18,151          65,000
 Number of permanent employees           11,057   22,794   9,563    17,941          61,355
 Number of temporary employees           760      1,491    1,184    210             3,645
 Number of full-time employees           11,681   23,340   10,747   18,011          63,779
 Number of part-time employees           136      945      0        140             1.221


 EMPLOYEES BY GENDER               Female   Male     Other19   Not disclosed   Total
 Number of employees (headcount)   11,681   53,319   0         0               65,000
 Number of permanent employees     10,897   50,458   0         0               61,355
 Number of temporary employees     784      2,861    0         0               3,645
 Number of full-time employees     11,017   52,762   0         0               63,779
 Number of part-time employees     664      557      0         0               1221


 TRAINING HOURS & ANNUAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW                   Female    Male        Other19   Not disclosed   Total
 Training hours (headcount)                                                                                  
 Total hours of training (management level)                   142,746   437,780     0         0               580,527
 Average training hours per employee (management level)       26        29          0         0               29
 Total hours of training (non-management level)               145,775   791,144     0         0               936,918
 Average training hours per employee (non-management level)   23        21          0         0               21
 Total hours of training (total)                              288,521   1,228,924                             1,517,445
 Average training hours per employee (total)                  25        23                                    23
 Annual performance review (headcount)                                                                       
 Managers who had an annual performance review %              88        89          0         0               89
 Non-managers who had an annual performance review %          53        34          0         0               37


17 Full-time equivalent (FTE) data covers all fully consolidated companies as of 31 December 2024.

18 Senior management level is defined as all employees in specific job bands (leadership), regardless of whether or not they have direct or indirect reports.

19 Other: Gender as specified by the employees themselves. 

 GOVERNANCE                                                    
 BOARD                                     Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Number of executive members               #      1      1      0
 Number of non-executive members           #      10     8      11
 Percentage of women board members         %      36     44     45
 Percentage of independent board members   %      91     89     91


 SOCIAL, GOVERNMENT AND ECONOMIC RELATIONS                                             
 Social relations                                                Unit   2022   2023     2024
 Entities with strike action of more than one week’s duration    #      2      1        0
 Entities where employees are covered by collective agreements   %      72     70       67
 Employees covered by collective agreements                      %      88     87       86
 Government relations                                                                  
 Political donations20                                           CHF    0      60,000   21,500
 In-kind political contributions made                            CHF    NR     NR       0
 Countries making political donations                            #      1      2        2
 Total subsidies21                                               CHFm   80     66       36
 Entities receiving subsidies                                    #      15     13       11
 Economic relations                                                                    
 Membership of trade associations and chambers of commerce       CHFm   15     14       12


 SUPPLY CHAIN DUE DILIGENCE                                                                 
 ESG risk identification                                                Unit   2022   2023   2024
 Holcim GRUs with due diligence process in place22                      %      100    95     98
 Suppliers from national markets                                        %      91     90     92
 Suppliers identified as having potential high ESG impact               %      35     36     39
 Spend covered by suppliers with potential high ESG impact              %      58     60     68
 Spend with “assessed” potential high ESG impact suppliers23            %      95     93     88
 Suppliers non-compliant with Supplier Code of Conduct24                %      NR     1      14
 ESG risk management                                                                        
 Non-compliant suppliers with corrective action plans                   %      NR     85     83
 Non-compliant suppliers who have improved sustainability performance   %      NR     43     68
 Non-compliant suppliers canceled due to non-compliance                 %      NR     1      16


 PRODUCING ASSETS INCLUDED IN EVALUATION                  Unit   2022    2023    2024
 Cement producing sites including grinding and blending   #      147     148     143
 Aggregates sites                                         #      474     499     504
 Asphalt sites                                            #      86      83      87
 Ready-mix sites                                          #      1,165   1,179   1,212
 Quarries operated                                        #      647     648     641


20 Figures exclude Holcim US Employees Political Action Committee (PAC) and Holcim US Michigan Employees PAC contributions in the U.S.. These amounted to USD 22,200 in 2024. In 2024, Holcim Switzerland donated CHF 21,500 to one national political party, the FDP.The Liberals.

21 Total subsidies do not include EU funding under the EU Innovation Fund which was awarded but not yet disbursed.

22 In 2024, only one new acquisition has yet to implement Holcim due diligence processes.

23 In 2024, Holcim’s risk profile was increased to comply with the latest regulations. Assessed high ESG impact suppliers increased by 7% on a like-for-like basis.

24 In 2024, Holcim expanded the assessment questionnaire used to verify our suppliers in order to comply with the latest regulations.

METHODOLOGY AND CONSOLIDATION 2024

Consolidation rules for non-financial KPIs.

Scope of consolidation

The consolidation scope for non-financial reporting is aligned with financial reporting and includes Holcim Ltd and its subsidiaries. The list of principal consolidated entities is presented in Note 2.4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Divestments and acquisitions

The data for business(es) divested during the year is excluded for the entire year. The data for business(es) acquired during the year is included for the entire year. In the 2024 Sustainability Performance Report, the most significant changes to the consolidated group were the divestments of South Africa, Tanzania and Uganda. The divestment of Kenya has not been taken into account in the 2024 Sustainability Performance report, since it was fully consolidated for the majority of 2024 (until November 2024). The 2023 and 2022 figures are restated in line with the 2024 consolidation in the Energy and Absolute GHG emissions tables. Unless stated otherwise, all prior year figures for other indicators are “as published in the reporting year.” Key metrics are shown “as reported” and restated in line with “2024 consolidation” in separate lines.

When a new site is acquired by Holcim, its policies and procedures for non-financial reporting may not necessarily be consistent with Holcim’s standards. Accordingly, new sites have until the second reporting year following the acquisition to meet and report performance in line with Holcim’s standards.

Data collection methods and references to reporting protocols

Extrapolation

To accelerate the reporting process and align with the financial reporting timeline, some data is based on eleven months of data (as of 30 November) and extrapolated to estimate annual values. This includes:

For employees, hours of training per employee

For environmental data, including air emissions and non-cement CO2 emissions

Other indicators are either based on 12 months of data or no extrapolation was required, as they do not necessarily change between November and December (for example, environmental certifications and hectares rehabilitated.)

Controls

Controls put in place to ensure data quality and robustness include:

Principle sustainability KPIs, namely those relating to Holcim’s cement business (Scope 1 and 2 emissions from cement activities, freshwater withdrawal) and circular economy volumes (waste derived resources), are reported monthly through Holcim’s financial reporting process and are subject to a rigorous internal verification process. This includes an annual certification process to review the main action plans in progress and to confirm management’s responsibility for the quality of internal controls and financial reporting at each relevant level of the Group organization.

The Axiom digital reporting and analytics platform, as well as the internally developed proprietary spreadsheet-based import questionnaire templates used in 2024, include built-in validation rules to ensure robustness of the reported data. This involves flagging when a value is outside an expected range or deviates significantly from previously reported data, requiring an explanatory comment.

A robust workflow process is in place, requiring validation of the data and explanations to be provided by two managers for each questionnaire.

Validation dashboards have been developed to allow entities and subject matter experts to identify values that are out of range.

Data (such as production, contribution to social initiatives and number of employees, etc.) is checked against other reporting streams such as SAP and technical reports, as well as for consistency.

Scope 3 KPIs are available on a quarterly basis, leveraging a data lake to automate extraction from underlying data sources and calculations for each of the Scope 3 categories. The report includes automated controls and sensitivity analysis and is subject to sign-off by the functions responsible for the underlying data.

Economic indicators

In 2024, data on net sales of sustainable solutions was collected through Holcim’s financial reporting process on a monthly basis. This was supplemented by a country-specific annual survey of sales associated with affordable housing and water.

Supplier assessment data was collected through proprietary spreadsheet-based import questionnaire templates and the respective protocols: the Holcim sustainable procurement questionnaire. Data is gathered at country/Group reporting unit level and covers all business segments and their industrial production sites. The sustainable procurement questionnaire was conducted covering 62 entities, representing more than 99% of our total procurement spend.

Environmental indicators

Environmental performance indicators follow the reporting guidelines of the GCCA (previously the World Business Council for Sustainable Development - Cement Sustainability Initiative (WBCSD CSI).

In 2024, environmental data was collected through the Axiom digital reporting and analytics tool as well as proprietary spreadsheet-based import templates. Reporting guidelines for environmental reporting were issued to ensure proper reporting, highlighting new and updated environmental indicators as well as changes in reporting scope as needed.

All sites that were active during the reporting year were considered eligible for inclusion in environmental reporting. The impacts of sites that were active for fewer than six months was estimated based on their production and Group averages. For environmental data, cement terminals are not considered material and can hence be excluded from the consolidation.

Scope 1, Scope 2 CO2 emissions and energy: We follow the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA) Cement CO2 and Energy Protocol version 3.1 for the monitoring and reporting of CO2 emissions from cement manufacturing (previously the WBCSD CSI Cement CO2 and Energy Protocol version 3.1) to calculate CO2 emissions between the 1990 baseline and the reporting year. Wherever feasible, operations report site and/or material-specific emission factors. For Scope 2 emissions, we follow the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. Work to determine the most accurate available market-based emission factors is continuously under way. The reporting coverage for the CO2 Scope 1 and 2 Topic data is 100%.

Electrical energy: We utilize three types of contractual instruments for the purchase of renewable electrical energy.

Power purchase agreements (PPAs) - PPAs are particularly valuable for Holcim’s operations in regions like Europe and North America, where regulatory frameworks and market conditions support the development of renewable energy projects.

Virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs) - VPPAs offer flexibility and are particularly useful for Holcim’s global operations, enabling the company to support renewable projects in strategic locations even if its facilities do not directly consume the generated electricity.

Renewable energy certificates (RECs) and guarantees of origin (GOs). By purchasing and retiring RECs or GOs, Holcim can reduce Scope 2 CO2 emissions associated with its use of electricity from the grid.

Scope 3 emissions: We apply the GHG Protocol to estimate CO2 emissions for all 15 categories. We select the GHG calculation methods that appropriately reflect the most material GHG emissions and support the decision-making process to achieve reduction targets. We apply the following criteria to select calculation methods: 1. Relative size of the emissions 2. Data availability 3. Data quality 4. Cost and effort required to apply each method.

Method per category:

Categories 1 and 3: We use the “average-data” method for the most material purchased goods and for all fuels, combining primary data from our operating systems (e.g., volumes purchased in each country) with emission factors extracted from the LCA database (GaBi).

Category 1 purchased clinker and cement: We use the “average-data” method, combining primary data from our operating systems (e.g., volumes purchased in each country) with emission factors extracted from the sector database GCCA-GNR, with national averages updated on an annual basis.

Category 3: We use the “average-data” method for electricity, combining primary data from our operating systems (e.g., volumes purchased in each country) with emission factors extracted from IEA for WTT and T&D linked to the country grid.

Category 4 and 9: We use the “distance-based method” for transportation, combining primary data from our operating systems (e.g., volumes transported, kilometers driven, vehicle types, payload) with HBEFA fuel models and emission factors extracted from the LCA database (GaBi).

Category 5: We use the “average-data” method, combining primary data (volumes of waste generated in our operations, classified by waste type) with emission factors extracted from LCA database (GaBi) in relation to the waste treatment process (according to each waste type).

Category 7: We estimate CO2 from employee commuting, modeling fuel consumption based on the number of employees per country and the average kilometers traveled per year (including a percentage of home working), assuming the use of an average car, with an emission factor extracted from the LCA database (GaBi).

Category 10: We use the “site-specific” method, combining primary data (volumes sold) with Scopes 1 and 2 from specific sites (reference sites processing sold goods) in each country.

Category 12: We use the “average-data” method, combining primary data (volumes sold) with emission factors extracted from the LCA database (GaBi) in relation to end-of-life waste treatment processes (according to each waste type).

Category 14: We estimate CO2 emissions from our retail franchises, modeling energy consumption in commercial buildings per m2 , per country.

Category 15: We use “primary data”, capturing Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our joint ventures and applying the percentage in relation to our equity ratio.

For all other categories (low impact), we use a “spend-based” method, combining primary data from spend for each category in each country and the kg CO2 per Swiss franc extracted from a macroeconomic database (Exiobase).

Procurement spend and transportation volumes used for Scope 3 calculations are based on 12-month rolling data from November 2023 to October 2024.

Air Emissions: We use the GCCA Sustainability Guidelines for the monitoring and reporting of emissions from cement manufacturing (previously the WBCSD CSI Guidelines for Emissions Monitoring and Reporting in the Cement Industry (2012)). Using annually calibrated sensors for continuously monitored pollutants and external laboratories for spot measurements, emission data is gathered locally. It is then consolidated and approved through a two-step process at country level. Finally, the data is validated and approved at both the kiln and country levels before being consolidated by the Group.

If an emission component was not measured in 2024 due to travel or other restrictions, the 2023 measurement was used to estimate performance at kiln level. If no measurement was available in 2023, the 2024 Group average was used to estimate the Group’s absolute impact.

Percentage of production covered by measurement: The full production from a kiln is included in the coverage only when the emission of the respective pollutant(s) is monitored, otherwise the percentage of production from the kiln covered by measurement is considered zero. For the percentage of production with comprehensive emission monitoring, the full production from a kiln is included only when emissions of all pollutants (dust, NOx , SO2, VOC/THC, heavy metals (Hg, Cd, Tl, Sb, As, Pb, Cr, Co, Cu, Mn, Ni and V), PCDD/F) are monitored.

Water: The GCCA Sustainability Guidelines for the monitoring and reporting of water in cement manufacturing (previously the CSI Protocol for Water Reporting) was used as a reference to measure the Group’s water performance. Holcim measures water withdrawal, consumption and discharge using one of the following three forms of water measurement: Firstly, the actual measurement of water, which involves directly measuring the water flow or volume at a specific point in time using instruments such as flow meters or gauges. Secondly, the quantification of water volume based on flow at a specific point (e.g., channel or pipe cross-section), which measures the water flow rate as it passes through a cross-section of a channel, pipe or other water conduit, and the flow is gauged instantaneously. It uses flow measurement devices to assess the volume of water moving through the system at that moment. And thirdly, water volume estimation based on system capacity or empirical formulas, which involves calculating the water volume based on estimated or rated capacities of systems (e.g., pumps) or by using empirical formulas. Examples include multiplying the rated capacity of a pump by operational hours or estimating evaporation and infiltration rates to assess water volume indirectly. Data from captive power plants is reported separately.

The reporting coverage for water data is 100% of entities with production.

Water discharge: As part of our water stewardship, water from our operations is filtered and treated to meet minimum threshold values in accordance with the Group water standard. Discharged water is analyzed quarterly, with any exceedances promptly reported and investigated.

At each site, control measures are in place and monitored at corporate level to ensure full compliance with regulatory requirements.

Waste and recycling: Waste comprises all forms of solid or liquid waste (excluding wastewater) and is defined as hazardous or non-hazardous based on the legislation of the country in which the site operates. Overburden from quarry activity is not classified as waste. Waste streams generated by Holcim’s operations are mainly dust from dedusting equipment, sludges from wastewater treatment, parts and disposable materials used during plant maintenance and unsellable material such as unused cement and concrete. Data on internal waste at country level is collected in accordance with internal standards. It is then consolidated and validated centrally on an annual basis, for internal reviews and external disclosures.

Waste derived resources: Materials sourced from by-products or waste streams primarily include, but are not limited to: Alternative raw materials (AR) in clinker, which includes all types of raw materials consumed up to and including clinker production, including decarbonated sources such as “fines” from construction and demolition materials. Alternative fuels (AF), encompassing all types of AF consumed in all process steps in clinker (CLC) production. Industrial mineral components (iMIC) used in cement, which is the sum of all mineral components sourced from industrial sources, for example, blast furnace slags, industrial ashes (fly ash, beneficiated fly ash, bottom ash), silica fumes, burnt oil shale, mixed rubble, artificial gypsum and dust (cement kiln dust, by-pass dust). And, lastly, construction demolition materials (CDM) such as reclaimed rail ballast, concrete slurries, bricks, pavements, walls, roofing, structures and concrete sludge.

Biodiversity and quarries: Quarries that have been assessed using Biodiversity Indicator Reporting System (BIRS) and those with rehabilitation plans in place are aligned with the Holcim Directive on Quarry Rehabilitation and Biodiversity. The key requirements go far beyond legal compliance and include measures respecting the mitigation hierarchy (avoid, minimize, restore and offset) and a biodiversity management plan for sites assessed as of high biodiversity value.

Health and safety (H&S)

H&S performance indicators follow the GCCA Sustainability Guidelines for the monitoring and reporting of safety in cement and concrete manufacturing, issued in March 2023.

H&S data is gathered at site level and further consolidated at Country/Group Reporting Unit level, and covers all business segments and their industrial production sites, including corporate and above country, regional and service entities.

In 2024, H&S data was collected through Holcim’s reporting system: iCare | HSE Incident management module. Data are segregated according to on-site and offsite incidents, and cover employees, contractors and third parties. The hours worked that are used to calculate incident rates for employees and contractors are calculated and/or estimated locally by business units.

Incidents are classified as Direct Control or Indirect Control, with only Direct Control incidents - where Holcim has direct responsibility or supervision - being publicly reported. To ensure clarity, Holcim applies a detailed framework to define non-work-related cases, examples include events unrelated to work such as sporting events and certain medical conditions.

Human Resources indicators

In 2024, People data was primarily collected through the HR software platform Success Factors and complemented where necessary with additional indicators collected through the People questionnaire part of the annual Sustainability reporting campaign.

The 2024 human resources data are derived from a survey covering 72 entities representing 96% of the total Group workforce.

Human resources reporting involves a thorough validation process of Success Factors (SF) data. Group reporting units confirm and formally approve their data. Any discrepancies are individually addressed, requiring updates in SF or detailed explanations for mismatches.

Data is gathered at Country/Group reporting unit level and covers all business segments and their industrial production sites, including corporate and above country, regional and service entities.

People and Social Initiatives indicators

In 2024, social impact data was collected through Holcim’s reporting system and respective protocol: the annual human rights and social impact questionnaire. Information about spending on social initiatives was reported through Holcim’s financial reporting process on a quarterly basis, at the Country/Group Reporting Unit level, and covers all business segments and their industrial production sites.

The 2024 human rights and social impact data are derived from a survey covering 62 entities representing 87% of the total Group workforce and include majority-owned entities and managed assets. We collect information on, among other aspects, the entities’ implementation of the human rights approach, human rights assessment and action plans, stakeholder engagement activities and community engagement structures, specific impact indicators of social initiatives, volunteering activities, political donations and subsidies.

The total contribution to create positive social impact is a cumulative KPI from 2021 to 2030. In 2024, it is calculated by including the total spend on the social initiatives made by Holcim to implement social impact projects and donations. It also includes third-party contributions, which are the resources received through external partnerships to implement social initiatives led by Holcim in the countries.

Holcim differentiates four categories for the social initiatives, which are:

Housing and Infrastructure: Initiatives that facilitate access to housing and infrastructure for the community, such as affordable housing solutions, building or improving community facilities (emergency relief shelters, sanitation, parks, rural roads, etc.).

Health: Health awareness campaigns, vaccination programs, general healthcare services and building or improving hospital infrastructure.

Education and Skills: Road safety, lectures in partnership with schools and universities, livelihood and income-generation programs, professional training targeting the community and building or improving school infrastructure.

Other: Environmental management and awareness, cultural, recreational or other initiatives to contribute to positive social impact.

Under Human Rights and Social Impact reporting, data such as number of community advisory panels, number of engagements with key stakeholders at site level, and complaints related to human rights, environmental impact and other potential risks are recorded. Furthermore, any conflicts with stakeholders that sites may have or expect in the future, and how such conflicts are addressed, are captured. Also, countries report on the latest version of their human rights assessments and the status of implementation of their human rights action plans.

Reporting cycle

The Holcim Group will continue to report annually.

ASSURANCE STATEMENT

Independent verifier’s limited assurance report on a selection of non-financial information for the year ended 31 December 2024.

To the Executive Committee,

Further to your request and in our quality as an independent verifier, member of the network of one of the statutory auditors of the entity Holcim Ltd (hereafter, the “Entity”), we present our report on a selection of non-financial information consisting in selected consolidated environmental, health & safety, social and taxonomy indicators (hereafter, the “Sustainability Indicators”) that the Entity has chosen to prepare in accordance with its protocols consisting in external standards elaborated by the Global Concrete and Cement Association (previously the World Business Council for Sustainable Development - Cement Sustainability Initiative (WBCSD-CSI)) completed with Entity-specific procedures (hereafter the “Guidelines”), for the year ended on 31 December 2024, presented in its Integrated Annual Report (hereafter, the “Report”) and listed in Appendix 1.

Our Limited Assurance conclusion

Based on the procedures we have performed as described under the “Nature and scope of procedures” section and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Sustainability Indicators, taken as a whole, are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines.

Understanding how Holcim Ltd has prepared the Sustainability Indicators

The absence of a commonly used generally accepted reporting framework or a significant body of established practice to draw on to evaluate and measure sustainability information allows for different, but acceptable, measurement techniques that can affect comparability between entities and over time.

Consequently, the Sustainability Indicators need to be read and understood together with the Guidelines and the basis of preparation set out in the “Methodology and consolidation 2024” section of the Sustainability Performance Report chapter of the Report (together, “the Criteria”), which the Entity has used to prepare the Sustainability Indicators.

The Entity’s responsibility

Management of Holcim Ltd is responsible for:

Selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the Sustainability Indicators.

Preparing the Sustainability Indicators in accordance with the Criteria.

Designing, implementing and maintaining internal control, maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the Sustainability Indicators such that they are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Responsibility of the independent verifier

It is our role, in response to the Entity’s request, based on our work, to:

Plan and perform the engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the Sustainability Indicators are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Form an independent conclusion, based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained.

Report our conclusion to the Executive Committee of Holcim Ltd.

As we are engaged to form an independent conclusion on the Sustainability Indicators as prepared by management, we are not permitted to be involved in their preparation, as doing so may compromise our independence.

It is not our responsibility to report on the entire Report for the year ended 31 December 2024 or on the compliance with other applicable legal provisions.

Independence and quality management

Our independence is defined by the French Code of Ethics (Code de déontologie) of our profession and by the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants.

EY also applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or Related Services engagements, which requires that we design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Means and resources

Our work engaged the skills of 12 people between November 2024 and February 2025 and took place on a total duration of intervention of about 18 weeks.

Nature and scope of procedures

We performed a limited assurance engagement in accordance with international standard ISAE 3000 (revised)1 (International Standard on Assurance Engagements).

We undertook interviews with people responsible for the preparation of the Sustainability Indicators in the Sustainable Development, Health & Safety, Human Resources and EU Taxonomy Project Management Departments, in charge of the data collection process and, when applicable, the people responsible for internal control processes and risk management, in order to:

Assess the suitability of the Guidelines for reporting, in relation to their relevance, completeness, reliability, neutrality and understandability.

Assess the implementation of the process for the collection, compilation, processing and control for completeness and consistency of the Sustainability Indicators, and identify the procedures for internal control and risk management related to the preparation of the Sustainability Indicators.

We determined the nature and extent of our tests and inspections based on the nature and importance of the Sustainability Indicators, in relation to the characteristics of the Entity, its social and environmental issues and its strategy in relation to sustainable development.

At the Entity level, we consulted documentary sources and conducted interviews to corroborate the qualitative information (organization, policies, actions, etc.), implemented analytical procedures on the quantitative information and verified, on a test basis, the calculations and the compilation of the information, and also assessed their coherence and consistency with the other information presented in the Report.

At the level of the representative selection of sites and entities that we made , based on their activity, their contribution to the consolidated indicators, their location and a risk analysis, we undertook interviews to challenge the correct application of the procedures and undertook detailed tests on the basis of samples, consisting in verifying the calculations made and linking them with supporting documentation. The sites and entities selected represented on average 9% of the hours worked used for the calculation of safety indicators, 8% of the total number of employees (headcount), and between 8% and 17% of the environmental information.3

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had we performed a reasonable assurance engagement.

Paris-La Défense

27 February 2025 The Independent Verifier

EY & Associés

Partner, Sustainable Development

Christophe Schmeitzky

1 ISAE 3000 (revised): “Assurance Engagements other than audits or reviews of historical information”.

2 Four cement plants: Bath (Eastern Canada), Milaki (Greece), El-Sokhna (Egypt), Nobsa (Colombia), and 4 Group Reporting Units (GRU): Eastern Canada, Greece, Egypt and Colombia.

3 On average 13% of production (cement produced (10%), aggregates produced (16%), RMX produced (13%)), 12% of absolute Scope 1 emissions - Gross, 9% of absolute scope 2 emissions (market-based), 9% of waste derived resources, 17% of air emissions, and 8% of cement freshwater withdrawal.

APPENDIX 1: SELECTION OF NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Sustainability Indicators

Products and solutions

• Clinker produced

• Cement produced

• Cementitious material produced

• Aggregates produced

• RMX produced

• Clinker factor (average % of clinker in cements)

Recycling waste and internal waste

• Total raw material consumed - excl. fuels

• Waste derived resources

• Construction and demolition materials (CDM)

• Internal hazardous waste recycled or recovered

• Internal hazardous waste disposed

• Internal non-hazardous waste recycled or recovered

• Internal non-hazardous waste disposed

Energy and GHG emissions

• Energy consumption total

• Thermal energy consumption

• Electrical energy consumption

• Absolute Scope 1 emissions - gross

• Absolute Scope 2 emissions (market-based)

• Absolute Scope 3 emissions - total

• Absolute Scope 3 emissions per category of emissions (as defined by the GHG Protocol)

- Category 1 - Purchased goods and services

- Category 2 - Capital goods

- Category 3 - Fuel- and energy-related activities

- Category 4 - Upstream transportation and distribution

- Category 5 - Waste generated in operations

- Category 6 - Business travel

- Category 7 - Employee commuting

- Category 8 - Upstream leased assets

- Category 9 - Downstream transportation and distribution

- Category 10 - Processing of sold products

- Category 11 - Use of sold products

- Category 12 - End-of-life treatment of sold products

- Category 13 - Downstream leased assets

- Category 14 - Franchises

- Category 15 - Investments

- Specific CO2 emissions - net (Scope 1) - cement plants only

- Specific CO2 emissions - gross (Scope 1) - cement plants only

- CO2 emissions - electricity (Scope 2) - cement plants only

- CO2 indirect emissions from purchased fuels (Scope 3)

- CO2 indirect emissions from purchased clinker and cement (Scope 3)

- CO2 indirect emissions from downstream transportation (Scope 3)

Water

• Cement Specific freshwater withdrawal

• Aggregates Specific freshwater withdrawal

• Ready-mix Specific freshwater withdrawal

• Total water withdrawal

Environmental management systems (EMS) and compliance

• Cement sites with ISO 14001 certification

Biodiversity

• Quarries assessed using BIRS methodology - active only

• Quarries with rehabilitation plan in place

• Quarries with biodiversity importance

• Quarries with biodiversity importance with biodiversity management plans in place

Air emissions

• Clinker produced with continuous monitoring of dust, NOx and SO2 emissions

• Clinker produced with monitoring of dust, NOx and SO2 emissions

• Total dust, NOx , SO2, VOC, mercury, dioxin/furans emissions

• Specific dust, NOx , SO2, VOC, mercury, dioxin/furans emissions

People: Social initiatives

• Total contribution to create positive social impact

Health and safety

• Fatalities (employees and contractors)

• Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) for employees on site

• Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) for contractors on site

• Total injury frequency rate (TIFR) for employees and contractors on site

Social

• Number of employees (headcount): total

• Number of employees (headcount): by gender

• Number of employees (headcount): by contract type (permanent & temporary)

• Number of employees who have left undertaking

• Overall employee turnover rate

• Gender distribution in percentage of employees (headcount) at senior management level

• Distribution of employees under the age of 30; between 30 and 50; above 50 years (in headcount percentage)

• Gender distribution in percentage of employees who had an annual performance review

• Average of training hours per employee and by gender

EU Taxonomy

• EU Taxonomy-aligned turnover

• EU Taxonomy-aligned CapEx

• EU Taxonomy-aligned OpEx

• EU Taxonomy-eligible turnover

• EU Taxonomy-eligible CapEx

• EU Taxonomy-eligible OpEx

CSRD CONTENT INDEX 2024

Holcim Ltd has begun to adopt the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) on a voluntary basis for the period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024.

As a leader in sustainability reporting, Holcim is proud to begin adopting the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) on a voluntary basis, ahead of regulatory requirements coming into force. This year’s Integrated Annual Report reflects our alignment with these new frameworks for the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. Material topics are presented in the Materiality Matrix on page 197 of the 2024 Integrated Annual Report.

In the double materiality assessment, the following topics were identified as material:

Climate change

Pollution

Water and marine resources

Biodiversity and ecosystems

Resource use and circular economy

Own workforce

Workers in the value chain

Affected communities

Business Conduct

Where we have available data on ESRS topics and disclosures, we have included this data and the relevant links (where applicable) in the content index.

AR: 2024 Integrated Annual Report

CSRD INDEX 

 CROSS-CUTTING STANDARDS                                                                                                                                                                                              
 ESRS 2 - General disclosures                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Disclosure requirements and incorporation by reference                                                                                                         Report Location / Website / Omissions / Explanations   GRI Reference
 BP-1                                                     General basis for preparation of sustainability statements                                            AR: page 390                                           GRI 2, 2-2; GRI 3, 3-1
 BP-2                                                     Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances                                                     AR: page 390                                           GRI 2, 2-4; GRI 2, 2-22; GRI 3, 3-2; GRI 3, 3-3
 GOV-1                                                    The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies                                     AR: pages 138-144                                      GRI 2, 2-9; GRI 2, 2-12; GRI 2, 2-13; GRI 2, 2-14; GRI 2, 2-17; GRI 405, 405-1
 GOV-2                                                    Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies  AR: page 143                                           GRI 2, 2-12; GRI 2, 2-13; GRI 2, 2-16; GRI 2, 2-24
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/governance                                 
 GOV-3                                                    Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes                                AR: pages 166-191 Compensation Report                  GRI 2, 2-19; GRI 2, 2-20
 GOV-4                                                    Statement on due diligence                                                                            AR: pages 114-117, 120-123, 149-150                   
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/sustainable-procurement-directive          
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights-directive                     
 GOV-5                                                    Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting                                   AR: pages 112, 143-148, 194-235                        GRI 2, 2-14
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 136-164 Corporate Governance Report         
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 390 “Methodology” section                   
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/minimum-control-standards-2025             
 SBM-1                                                    Strategy, business model and value chain                                                              AR: pages 4-9, 12-22, 52-57                            GRI 2, 2-6; GRI 2, 2-7; GRI 2, 2-22; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 201, 201-1
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 120-122, 196-199                            
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/sustainable-supply-chain                   
 SBM-2                                                    Interests and views of stakeholders                                                                   AR: pages 100-104, 114-116, 196, 212-213               GRI 2, 2-12; GRI 2, 2-29
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights-social-policy                 
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights-directive                     
 SBM-3                                                    Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model      AR: pages 194-235 “Risk and control” section           GRI 2, 2-27; GRI 3, 3-2; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 201, 201-2; GRI 303, 303-1; GRI 306, 306-1; GRI 308, 308-2; GRI 413, 413-2; GRI 414, 414-2
 IRO-1                                                    Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities           AR: pages 194-235 “Risk and control” section           GRI 2, 2-14; GRI 3, 3-1;
 IRO-2                                                    Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement                 AR: pages 198-199                                     
 MDR-P                                                    Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters                                            holcim.com/esg-policies                                GRI 2, 2-23; GRI 2, 2-24; GRI 3, 3-3
 MDR-A                                                    Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability matters                                  AR: pages 50-122 Leading in sustainability             GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/sustainability                             
 MDR-M                                                    Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters                                                AR: pages 378-389 Performance data tables              GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 390-393 “Methodology” section               
 MDR-T                                                    Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets                                        AR: pages 58-59, 379                                   GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 303, 303-1


 ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Disclosure requirements and incorporation by reference                                                                                                         Report Location / Website / Omissions / Explanations      GRI Reference
 ESRS E1 - Climate change                                                                                                                                                                                                
 E1.GOV-3                                                 Integration of sustainability-related performance (climate) in incentive schemes                      AR: page 175                                              GRI 2, 2-19
 E1-1                                                     Transition plan for climate change mitigation                                                         AR: pages 66-69                                          
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/climate-action                                
 E1.SBM-3                                                 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model      AR: pages 214-235                                         GRI 201, 201-2
 E1.IRO-1                                                 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities  AR: page 194                                             
 E1-2                                                     Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation                                          holcim.com/climate-policy                                
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/cement-environmental-directive                
 E1-3                                                     Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies                                          AR: pages 66-104                                          GRI 305, 305-5
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/climate-action                                
 E1-4                                                     Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation                                           AR: page 67                                               GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 305,
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/net-zero-journey                               305-1; GRI 305,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          305-2; GRI 305, 305-3
 E1-5                                                     Energy consumption and mix                                                                            AR: pages 74-76, 380                                      GRI 302, 302-1;
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/climate-action                                 GRI 302, 302-3
 E1-6                                                     Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions                                                          AR: pages 68, 381                                         GRI 305, 305-1;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 305, 305-2;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 305, 305-3;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 305, 305-4
 E1-7                                                     GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits                              AR: page 67                                               GRI 305, 305-5
 E1-8                                                     Internal carbon pricing                                                                               Not disclosed in 2024                                    
 E1-9                                                     Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential climate-related opportunities  AR: pages 214-235                                         GRI 201, 201-2
 ESRS E2 - Pollution                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 E2.IRO-1                                                 Description of the processes to identify and assess material pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities  AR: pages 194-197                                         GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/environment                                   
 E2-1                                                     Policies related to pollution                                                                         holcim.com/cement-environmental-directive                
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/water-directive                               
 E2-2                                                     Actions and resources related to pollution                                                            AR: pages 112-113                                         GRI 3, 3-3
 E2-3                                                     Targets related to pollution                                                                          AR: pages 112-113, 379                                    GRI 3, 3-3;
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/environment                                    GRI 303, 303-2
 E2-4                                                     Pollution of air, water and soil                                                                      AR: pages 112-113, 379, 383-385                           GRI 2, 2-27;
                                                                                                                                                                Pollution of soil is not material for Holcim              GRI 305, 305-7
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/environment                                   
 E2-6                                                     Anticipated financial effects from material pollution-related risks and opportunities                 AR: pages 213, 229                                       
 ESRS E3 - Water and marine resources                                                                                                                                                                                    
 E3.IRO-1                                                 Description of the processes to identify and assess material water and marine resources-related impacts, risks and opportunities  AR: pages 194-197                                         GRI 303, 303-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/water                                         
 E3-1                                                     Policies related to water and marine resources                                                        holcim.com/nature-policy                                 
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/water-directive                               
 E3-2                                                     Actions and resources related to water and marine resources                                           AR: pages 96-98                                           GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 303, 303-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/water                                         
 E3-3                                                     Targets related to water and marine resources                                                         AR: pages 96, 383                                         GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 303, 303-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/water                                         
 E3-4                                                     Water consumption                                                                                     AR: page 383                                              GRI 303, 303-3;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 303, 303-4;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 303, 303-5
 E3-5                                                     Anticipated financial effects from material water and marine resources-related risks and opportunities  AR: pages 228-230                                        
 ESRS E4 - Biodiversity and ecosystems                                                                                                                                                                                   
 E4-1                                                     Transition plan and consideration of biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy and business model       AR: pages 96-99                                           GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/biodiversity                                  
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/sustainable-procurement-directive             
 E4.SBM-3                                                 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model      AR: pages 228-230                                         GRI 304, 304-1
 E4.IRO-1                                                 Description of processes to identify and assess material biodiversity and ecosystem-related impacts, risks and opportunities  AR: pages 194-197                                         GRI 304, 304-1
 E4-2                                                     Policies related to biodiversity and ecosystems                                                       AR: pages 96-99                                           Several
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/biodiversity                                  
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/nature-policy                                 
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/quarry-rehabilitation-biodiversity-directive  
 E4-3                                                     Actions and resources related to biodiversity and ecosystems                                          AR: pages 96-99                                           GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 304, 304-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/biodiversity                                  
 E4-4                                                     Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems                                                        AR: pages 96-97, 384                                      GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 304, 304-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/biodiversity                                  
 E4-5                                                     Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change                                          AR: page 384                                              GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 304, 304-1; GRI 304, 304-2; GRI 304, 304-4
 E4-6                                                     Anticipated financial effects from material biodiversity and ecosystem-related risks and opportunities  AR: pages 96-99                                          
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/biodiversity                                  
 ESRS E5 - Resource use and circular economy                                                                                                                                                                             
 E5.IRO-1                                                 Description of the processes to identify and assess material resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities  AR: pages 194-199                                         GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/circular-economy                              
 E5-1                                                     Policies related to resource use and circular economy                                                 holcim.com/circular-economy-policy                        GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/waste-management                              
 E5-2                                                     Actions and resources related to resource use and circular economy                                    AR: pages 26-27                                           GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 306, 306-2
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/circular-economy                              
 E5-3                                                     Targets related to resource use and circular economy                                                  AR: page 384                                              GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/circular-economy                              
 E5-4                                                     Resource inflows                                                                                      AR: page 70-77                                            GRI 301, 301-1;
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/circular-economy                               GRI 301, 301-2;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 306, 306-1
 E5-5                                                     Resource outflows                                                                                     holcim.com/circular-economy                               GRI 306, 306-2;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 306, 306-3;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 306, 306-4;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          GRI 306, 306-5
 E5-6                                                     Anticipated financial effects from material resource use and circular economy-related risks and opportunities  AR: pages 202, 204, 226, 228                             
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/circular-economy                              


 SOCIAL STANDARDS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Disclosure requirements and incorporation by reference                                                                                                         Report Location / Website / Omissions / Explanations                                                  GRI Reference
 ESRS S1 - Own workforce                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 S1.SBM-2                                                 Interests and views of stakeholders                                                                   AR: pages 114-116                                                                                    
 S1.SBM-3                                                 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model      AR: pages 194-197                                                                                     GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 408, 408-1; GRI 409, 409-1
 S1-1                                                     Policies related to own workforce                                                                     AR: pages 106-112                                                                                     GRI 2, 2-23; GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 403,
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-resources-policy                                                                     403-1; GRI 403,
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/diversity-inclusion-standard                                                               403-3; GRI 404,
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/code-of-business-conduct                                                                   404-2; GRI 408,
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/health-safety-environment-policy                                                           408-1; GRI 409, 409-1
 S1-2                                                     Processes for engaging with own workforce and workers’ representatives about impacts                  AR: pages 106-116                                                                                     GRI 2, 2-12; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights                                                                              
 S1-3                                                     Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns              AR: pages 106-116                                                                                     GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-26; GRI 403, 403-2
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights                                                                              
 S1-4                                                     Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness of those actions  AR: pages 106-116                                                                                     GRI 2, 2-24; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 203, 203-2; GRI 403, 403-9; GRI 403, 403-10
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights                                                                              
 S1-5                                                     Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  AR: pages 106-116                                                                                     GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights                                                                              
 S1-6                                                     Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees                                                        AR: pages 388-389                                                                                     GRI 2, 2-7; GRI 401, 401-1; GRI 405, 405-1
 S1-7                                                     Characteristics of non-employees in the undertaking’s own workforce                                   Not disclosed in 2024                                                                                 GRI 2, 2-8
 S1-8                                                     Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue                                                    AR: page 389                                                                                          GRI 2, 2-30
 S1-9                                                     Diversity metrics                                                                                     AR: pages 388-389                                                                                     GRI 405, 405-1
 S1-10                                                    Adequate wages                                                                                        We do not currently collect this specific information.                                                GRI 202, 202-1
 S1-11                                                    Social protection                                                                                     We do not currently collect this specific information.                                                GRI 401, 401-2
 S1-12                                                    Persons with disabilities                                                                             Information on persons with disabilities is not available as of the date of this publication. This information will published once available.  GRI 405, 405-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/diversity-inclusion-additional-indicators                                                 
 S1-13                                                    Training and skills development metrics                                                               AR: page 388                                                                                          GRI 404, 404-1; GRI 404, 404-3
 S1-14                                                    Health and safety metrics                                                                             AR: page 387                                                                                          GRI 403, 403-8;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      GRI 403, 403-9;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      GRI 403, 403-10
 S1-15                                                    Work-life balance metrics                                                                             We do not currently collect this specific information.                                                GRI 401, 401-3
 S1-16                                                    Remuneration metrics (pay gap and total remuneration)                                                 Information on gender pay gap is not available as of the date of this publication. This information will published once available.  GRI 2, 2-21; GRI 405, 405-2
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/diversity-inclusion-additional-indicators                                                 
 S1-17                                                    Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts                                                 AR: page 148                                                                                          GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-27; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 406, 406-1
 ESRS S2 - Workers in the value chain                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 S2.SBM-3                                                 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model      AR: pages 120-122, Sustainable supply chain                                                           GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 408, 408-1; GRI 409, 409-1
 S2-1                                                     Policies related to value chain workers                                                               holcim.com/sustainable-procurement-directive                                                          GRI 2, 2-23; GRI 2, 2-24; GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 408, 408-1; GRI 409, 409-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/code-of-conduct-suppliers                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/workers-in-the-value-chain-directive                                                      
 S2-2                                                     Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts                                         AR: pages 120-122, Sustainable supply chain                                                           GRI 2, 2-12; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3
 S2-3                                                     Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise concerns        AR: pages 120-122, Sustainable supply chain                                                           GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-26; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3
 S2-4                                                     Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of those actions  AR: pages 120-122, Sustainable supply chain                                                           GRI 2, 2-24; GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 203, 203-2; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 203, 203-2; GRI 204, 1.1; GRI 403, 403-7
 S2-5                                                     Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  Not disclosed in 2024                                                                                 GRI 3, 3-3
 ESRS S3 - Affected communities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 S3.SBM-3                                                 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model      AR: pages 114-118, Human rights and our communities                                                   GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 413, 413-2
 S3-1                                                     Policies related to affected communities                                                              holcim.com/human-rights-and-social-policy                                                             GRI 2, 2-23; GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 411, 411-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights-at-holcim                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/human-rights-directive                                                                    
 S3-2                                                     Processes for engaging with affected communities about impacts                                        AR: pages 114-118, Human rights and our communities                                                   GRI 2, 2-12; GRI 2, 2-29; GRI 3, 3-3
 S3-3                                                     Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for affected communities to raise concerns       AR: pages 114-118, Human rights and our communities                                                   GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 2, 2-26; GRI 3, 3-3
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 212-213, Human rights - salient risks                                                      
 S3-4                                                     Taking action on material impacts on affected communities, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to affected communities, and effectiveness of those actions  AR: pages 114-118, Human rights and our communities                                                   GRI 2, 2-24; GRI 2, 2-25; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 203, 203-2; GRI 413, 413-1; GRI 411, 411-1
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 212-213, Human rights - salient risks                                                      
 S3-5                                                     Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  Not disclosed in 2024                                                                                 GRI 3, 3-3


 GOVERNANCE STANDARDS                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Disclosure requirements and incorporation by reference                                                                                                         Report Location / Website / Omissions / Explanations   GRI Reference
 ESRS G1 - Business conduct                                                                                                                                                                                           
 G1.GOV-1                                                 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies in business conduct                 AR: pages 136-164 Corporate Governance Report          GRI 2, 2-9; GRI 2, 2-12
                                                                                                                                                                AR: page 389                                          
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/code-of-business-conduct                   
 G1.IRO-1                                                 Description of processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks, dependencies and opportunities in relation to business conduct matters  AR: pages 194-235 “Risk and control” section          
 G1-1                                                     Business conduct policies and corporate culture                                                       AR: pages 136-164 Corporate Governance Report          GRI 2, 2-16; GRI 2, 2-23; GRI 2, 2-24; GRI 2, 2-26
                                                                                                                                                                AR: pages 106-111                                     
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/code-of-business-conduct                   
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/governance-code-of-conduct                 
 G1-2                                                     Management of relationships with suppliers                                                            AR: pages 104-105, 120-123, 149-150                    GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 204, 1.1; GRI 308, 308-1; GRI 414, 414-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/sustainable-procurement-directive          
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/supplier-code-of-conduct                   
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/sustainable-supply-chain                   
 G1-3                                                     Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery                                                    AR: pages 147-148                                      GRI 2, 2-13; GRI 2, 2-16; GRI 2, 2-26;
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/anti-bribery-and-corruption-policy          GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 205, 205-2; GRI 205, 1.2
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/compliance-program-faq                     
 G1-4                                                     Incidents of corruption or bribery                                                                    AR: pages 147-148                                      GRI 2, 2-27; GRI 3, 3-3; GRI 205, 205-3
 G1-5                                                     Political influence and lobbying activities                                                           AR: pages 100-103, 389                                 GRI 2, 2-9; GRI 415, 415-1
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/public-policy-positions                    
                                                                                                                                                                holcim.com/lobbying-and-advocacy-directive            
 G1-6                                                     Payment practices                                                                                     holcim.com/code-of-business-conduct                   


SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) CONTENT INDEX

Holcim Ltd has reported in accordance with SASB Construction Materials Sustainability Accounting Standard for the period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024.

As of August 2022, the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) of the IFRS Foundation assumed responsibility for the SASB Standards. The ISSB has committed to maintaining, enhancing and evolving the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards and encourages preparers to continue applying the SASB Standards. The SASB Standards guide the disclosure of financially material sustainability information by companies to their investors. SASB Standards identify the subset of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues most relevant to financial performance in 77 industries. The SASB Standards focus on financially material issues because their mission is to help businesses around the world report on the sustainability topics that matter most to their investors. Although a great deal of ESG and sustainability information is publicly disclosed, it can often be difficult to identify and assess which information is most useful for making finance-related decisions. SASB identifies financially material issues, which are the issues that are reasonably likely to impact the financial condition or operating performance of a company and are hence most important to investors.

The material issues identified by SASB for the Construction Materials sector are:

GHG emissions

Air quality

Energy management

Water management

Waste and hazardous materials management

Biodiversity impacts

Workforce health and safety

Product Innovation

Pricing Integrity and Transparency 

 SASB INDEX                                                                                                                              
 SASB reference                     Description                                                                                           Page, comment, performance
 Greenhouse Gas Emissions                                                                                                                
 EM-CM-110a.1                       Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations               AR: page 381
 EM-CM-110a.2                       Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets  AR: pages 66-69
                                                                                                                                          AR: page 381
                                                                                                                                          holcim.com/climate-action
 Air Quality                                                                                                                             
 EM-CM-120a.1                       Air emissions of the following pollutants:                                                            AR: page 385
                                    • NOX (excluding N2 O)                                                                                We report annually on all emissions, with the exception of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), in our Sustainability Performance Report. We report not only absolute emissions of these substances but also specific emissions by both clinker and cementitious material.
                                    • SOX                                                                                                 The only PAH we consider material and measure is benzene, and this is measured as required by the Global Cement and Concrete Association. Our measurements of benzene emissions in 2024 were: Total benzene emissions (tons): 204
                                    • Particulate matter (Dust-PM10 )                                                                     Specific benzene emissions:
                                    • Dioxins/furans                                                                                      • Milligrams/ton clinker: 2.3
                                    • Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs)                                                                  
                                    • Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)                                                            
                                    • Heavy metals                                                                                       
 Energy Management                                                                                                                       
 EM-CM-130a.1                       Total energy consumed                                                                                 AR: page 380
 EM-CM-130a.1                       Percentage grid electricity                                                                           AR: page 380
 EM-CM-130a.1                       Percentage alternative energy                                                                         AR: pages 380-381
 EM-CM-130a.1                       Percentage renewable                                                                                  AR: page 380
 Water Management                                                                                                                        
 EM-CM-140a.1                       Total water withdrawn                                                                                 AR: page 383
                                                                                                                                          We report water withdrawn from a number of sources for all segments and for captive power plants separately.
 EM-CM-140a.1                       Total water consumed                                                                                  AR: page 383
                                                                                                                                          We report total water consumed for all segments and for captive power plants separately.
 EM-CM-140a.1                       Percentage in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress                               AR: page 383
                                                                                                                                          We measure and report on the number of sites located in Medium-High to Extremely High water risk areas according to the WRI Aqueduct tool. The concept of water risk includes not only water stress but also water quality, regulatory and reputational risks. We do not currently disclose water withdrawn.
 Waste Management                                                                                                                        
 EM-CM-150a.1                       • Amount of waste generated                                                                           AR: page 384
                                    • Percentage of hazardous waste                                                                      
                                    • Percentage of recycled                                                                             
 Biodiversity Impacts                                                                                                                    
 EM-CM-160a.1                       Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites                       Our management policies and practices are documented in our Quarry rehabilitation and biodiversity Directive
                                                                                                                                          holcim.com/esg-quarry-rehabilitation-and-biodiversity-directive
 EM-CM-160a.2                       Terrestrial acreage disturbed, percentage of impacted area restored                                   AR: page 384
                                                                                                                                          • Total rehabilitated area was 13,685 ha
                                                                                                                                          • Total of area disturbed in 2024 was 51,254 ha
                                                                                                                                          • We do not currently disclose percentage of impacted area restored
 Workforce Health & Safety                                                                                                               
 EM-CM-320a.1                       • Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)                                                               AR: page 387
                                    • Near-miss frequency rate (NMFR)                                                                     We report in our Sustainability Performance Report TIFR and OIFR, which are calculated with a denominator of one million hours
                                    for direct employees and contract employee                                                            TRIR employees - 1.53 (per 200,000 hours worked)
                                                                                                                                          TRIR contractors on-site - 0.94 (per 200,000 hours worked)
                                                                                                                                          NMFR employees and contractors - 5.3 (per 200,000 hours worked)
 EM-CM-320a.2                       Number of reported cases of silicosis                                                                 In 2024, we had 0 reported cases of silicosis.
 Product Innovation                                                                                                                      
 EM-CM-410a.1                       Percentage of products that qualify for credits in sustainable building design and construction certifications (% sales by revenue)  We do not currently collect this specific information. However, we collect data on our portfolio of sustainable solutions, which in 2024 amounted to 28% of net sales. The largest contributor was low-carbon cements and concrete.
 EM-CM-410a.2                       Total addressable market and share of market for products that reduce energy, water, and/or material impacts during usage and/or production  We do not currently have this information.
 Pricing Integrity & Transparency                                                                                                        
 EM-CM-520a.1                       Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with cartel activities, price fixing, and antitrust activities  AR: pages 342-343
                                                                                                                                          Detailed description of ongoing legal proceedings (including anti-competition) is provided.
 Activity Metric                                                                                                                         
 EM-CM-000.A                        Production by major product line                                                                      AR: page 385
                                                                                                                                          See “Products and solutions” section for details of production per product line.


DISCLOSURES FOR SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS (ART. 964B)

The following sections comprise the report on non-financial matters in accordance with Art. 964b of the Swiss Code of Obligations. The advisory vote on the report at the Annual General Meeting is limited to the content of these sections.

Sustainability is at the core of Holcim’s business and is deeply embedded in its corporate strategy. Recognizing that sustainability cannot be viewed separately from our broader business activities, Holcim adopts an integrated approach for the report on non-financial matters pursuant to Art. 964b of the Swiss Code of Obligations. Through the integration of sustainability topics alongside other relevant topics covered in the Integrated Annual Report, we aim to provide our shareholders and other stakeholders with a comprehensive view of our business activities. 

 CONTENT INDEX                                                                                                                                         
 Art. 964b content requirement                    Section                                                                                               Page reference
 Description of the business model                • Record performance                                                                                  pages 18-35
 Environmental matters, in particular CO2 goals   • Sustainability performance highlights                                                               pages 58-59
                                                  • Climate Report                                                                                      pages 62-105
                                                  • Performance against targets                                                                         page 379
 Employee-related issues                          • Holcim people                                                                                       pages 106-111
                                                  • Health, safety & environment                                                                        pages 112-113
 Social issues and respect for human rights       • Human rights and our communities                                                                    pages 114-119
                                                  • Just Transition                                                                                     pages 104-105
                                                  • Report on due diligence and transparency in relation to minerals and metals from conflict-affected areas and child labor  pages 149-150
 Supply chain                                     • Sustainable supply chain                                                                            pages 120-123
                                                  • Report on due diligence and transparency in relation to minerals and metals from conflict-affected areas and child labor  pages 149-150
 Combating corruption                             • Corporate governance                                                                                pages 134-146
                                                  • Compliance program - performance with integrity                                                     pages 147-148
 Material risks                                   • Risk and control                                                                                    pages 194-211
                                                  • Material priorities                                                                                 pages 196-197
                                                  • Climate and nature risks and opportunities                                                          pages 214-230
                                                  • Scenario analysis                                                                                   pages 232-235
 Non-financial performance indicators             • Compliance program - performance with integrity                                                     pages 147-148
                                                  • Sustainability Performance Report 2024                                                              pages 376-389
                                                  • Scope and methodology                                                                               pages 390-393
                                                  • Assurance statement                                                                                 pages 394-396


CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES

In 2024, we made great strides in our mission to decarbonize building. From our operations to construction and making buildings sustainable in use, we are decarbonizing the entire building life cycle for a net-zero future.

Holcim is at the forefront of ESG reporting, showcasing an unwavering commitment to transparency and environmental responsibility. Pioneering the adoption of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidelines, the company has consistently led the disclosure of its risks and opportunities. For four consecutive years, Holcim has published comprehensive climate reports. The latest report is fully integrated into the company’s Annual Report, underscoring Holcim’s holistic approach to reporting. Moreover, Holcim's decarbonization targets for 2030 and 2050 are aligned with its sector’s 1.5°C science-based framework, confirming its commitment to decarbonizing building in line with the most advanced science. 

 CONTENT INDEX                                      
                                                     Page reference
 Making progress across all decarbonization levers   pages 64-65
 Decarbonizing Holcim to become net-zero             pages 66-69
 Decarbonizing our solutions                         pages 70-73
 Decarbonizing our energy mix                        pages 74-77
 Holcim's value chain: Scope 3 emissions             pages 78-79
 Decarbonizing our mobility                          pages 80-81
 Driving advanced technologies                       pages 82-87
 Advancing smart design                              pages 88-89
 Circular construction                               pages 26-27
 Circular living                                     pages 90-91
 Regenerative Revolution                             pages 92-93
 Sustainable construction                            pages 94-95
 Building a nature-positive future                   pages 96-99
 Advocacy positions and transparency                 pages 100-103
 Just Transition                                     pages 104-105
 Climate governance                                  pages 143, 175
 Climate risks and opportunities                     pages 214-230
 Scenario analysis                                   pages 232-235
 Performance data tables                             pages 378-382


ABOUT HOLCIM

Holcim is a global leader in innovative and sustainable building solutions with net sales of CHF 26.4 billion in 2024. Our 65,000 employees are driven by our purpose to build progress for people and the planet across our regions to improve living standards for all. We partner with our customers to offer the broadest range of advanced solutions, from sustainable building materials ECOPact and ECOPlanet, to our circularity technology ECOCycle®, all the way to Elevate’s advanced roofing and insulation systems.

For more information visit: holcim.com

INTEGRATED REPORTING

This report applies the principles of Integrated Reporting to show how we manage the company sustainably, as well as the financial and non-financial value we created in 2024.

Document JAHREV0020260112em190010p




CENAFTAENG
SCJN to resolve dispute over double VAT taxation on IMMEX transactions

INCOMEX 
386 words
9 January 2026
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

The Tax Administration Service (SAT) is facing 30 lawsuits filed by 24 companies for alleged irregularities in the collection of Value Added Tax (VAT) on virtual foreign trade operations under the IMMEX scheme. 

At stake is 16 billion pesos, and the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation (SCJN) will issue a final ruling in the first quarter of 2026, a ruling that could set a precedent for foreign investment and for the revision of the USMCA.

The controversy revolves around the double charging of VAT on virtual exports (V5 customs declarations). According to the SAT, when an IMMEX company sells goods to a Mexican company, even without physical transfer abroad, it must pay VAT on the import and on the domestic sale, while the maquiladoras argue that this interpretation leads to double taxation.

Gloria Rocío Estrada Antón, president of the Technical Commission on Foreign Trade of the Mexican Association of Public Accountants (CCPM), warned that if the Court confirms the SAT's position, it could send a negative message to investors.

According to Inegi, there are 5,241 IMMEX manufacturing companies that could be affected by this ruling.

In this context, the National Council of the Maquiladora and Export Manufacturing Industry (Index) maintains that virtual importers are only required to pay VAT on imports, in accordance with Article 1-A of the VAT Law, and that the authority's interpretation distorts the purpose of virtual exports, which were created to streamline trade without overburdening customs.

The conflict reached the Court after contradictory rulings: in February 2024, a court in Mexico City ruled that double taxation was not applicable, while another in Mérida, Yucatán, ruled otherwise. The SCJN postponed the discussion initially scheduled for October 2025 and will resume it in 2026, now with new members.

Risk to competitiveness and nearshoring

Organizations such as Coparmex and Index warned that the lack of fiscal certainty could slow foreign direct investment and weaken the momentum of nearshoring, in a context where Mexico seeks to consolidate itself as a manufacturing hub in North America.

The Court's decision, expected in the coming months, will be decisive in defining the future of the IMMEX regime and the legal certainty of thousands of foreign trade operations in Mexico.



Document NAFTA00020260110em1900002




CE Noticias Financieras English
Mexican economy, stagnation, deficit, and poverty

770 words
9 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

The Mexican economy has been virtually stagnant since 2019, when it contracted by 0.2%, before falling by almost 6% in 2020 during the pandemic (due to poor economic and public health management). It rebounded increasingly weakly between 2022 and 2024, when it grew by just 1.2%. In 2025, Mexican economic growth collapsed to near zero or just a few tenths of a percentage point, thus decoupling from the US economy, whose GDP increased by 18% between 2019 and 2025. The fact is that the Mexican economy will have grown in total in the period from 2019 to 2025 at a meager average annual rate of 0.85%, with a cumulative total of 5.1% over the entire period. With a 5% increase in population over the same period, real per capita income has remained virtually stagnant. Latin American countries such as Costa Rica, which were once poorer than us, have surpassed us in GDP per capita.

 The debacle began with the cancellation and destruction of the New Mexico City International Airport in 2018, followed by regressive and statist energy policies, fiscal harassment of businesses, elimination of autonomous agencies, capture of the electoral authority, creation of a spurious qualified majority for the regime in Congress, and dismantling and capture of the judiciary. Added to this is rampant populism with the massive reorientation of public spending toward patronage subsidies, pensions (which now account for a quarter of public spending), unproductive militarized projects, and astronomical subsidies to Pemex, while public investment in infrastructure and public services is declining, with a collapse of almost 30 percent expected by 2025. Private investment has also contracted significantly due to political and legal uncertainty throughout the period, and the construction sector has collapsed. (Public and private investment, or Total Gross Fixed Capital Formation, are the fundamental drivers of growth). Mexico has failed to take advantage of its great competitive advantages in the context of globalization and investment relocation, neither the USMCA nor its proximity to the United States. The dynamism of exports has not been able to revive the economy. Foreign direct investment consists mainly of reinvestment of profits, not new investments, and private consumption has weakened.

Public finances are in a critical situation with uncontrolled unproductive public spending. The Mexican state is literally living on borrowed money, without knowing how it will pay it back, kicking a boat that is getting heavier every day. Debt service is approaching 1.5 trillion pesos and is rising rapidly every year. The public deficit reached a historic level of almost 6% of GDP in 2024 and will exceed 4% in 2025, or 1.4 trillion pesos. There can be no fiscal consolidation with the ever-increasing waste on patronage subsidies, unsustainable pensions (contributory and non-contributory, and demagogic reduction in the retirement age of public servants), colossal support and transfers to an irretrievably bankrupt state-owned company (PEMEX), and onerous subsidies to opaque military projects and businesses. The growing deficit has meant that public debt will skyrocket between 2018 and 2025 from 10 trillion pesos to almost 19 trillion pesos. Public debt could reach 60% of GDP this year, which is highly risky given the almost zero growth and very low tax collection (mainly due to informality). Just as the year is getting underway, the SHCP has contracted another $9 billion in foreign debt.

In terms of poverty, the data on social deprivation is staggering, despite the government's sophistry that it has "lifted 13 million people out of poverty" with pure subsidies and discretionary increases in the minimum wage without any increase in productivity. All deprivations have increased in recent years (or why did Coneval disappear?). According to information from the National Household Income and Expenditure Survey (Inegi), between 2018 and 2024, the population lacking health services rose by 24 million people; the population vulnerable due to social deprivation rose by 9 million; the population with at least three social deprivations reached 3 million, and the data was worse for people in extreme poverty. The reduction in extreme poverty has been much less than that achieved under Zedillo, Fox, Calderón, and Peña. The misleading figure of 13 million people "lifted out of poverty" only appears in Excel because the income aggregator was artificially affected by discretionary increases in the minimum wage, which have not led to a reduction in the population's deprivation and vulnerability. Without economic growth and greater labor productivity, and with only populist subsidies and unproductive public spending financed by unsustainable deficits and debt, there can be no real reduction in poverty. Period.

Document NFINCE0020260109em19003vx




CE Noticias Financieras English
2026, the year of  investment :  Mexico City 

788 words
9 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

For Mexico City, 2026 will be the year of investment.

At the same time, it will be a special year due to the number of tax benefits that taxpayers in the capital will enjoy.

Clara Brugada's administration is committed to turning Mexico City into an economic and investment hub in the year of the World Cup.

Its objectives are to strengthen the local economy, maintain healthy public finances without imposing new taxes, offer an extensive program of tax benefits to support the family economy, and at the same time, reduce insecurity to a minimum.

The World Cup, for which Mexico City is one of three host cities in the country, is being used to implement an ambitious urban development strategy.

That is what the head of the capital's government has said and is trying to achieve.

The objectives seem numerous and very ambitious, particularly in the economic sphere.

This is especially true because, at the same time as plans are underway to complete more than 2,000 projects to transform the capital city, a wide range of tax benefits is also being offered to different sectors of the population.

In addition, the aim is to build confidence among the business community and increase the amount of Foreign Direct Investment, which at the end of 2025 totaled 19 billion pesos, with an annual increase of 36%.

For the capital's secretary of administration and finance, Juan Pablo de Botton, this is not only possible, but already a reality.

He points out that in a period of two years, public investment has increased by 55%.

The official, who holds the position that has led the federal government's Ministry of Finance to three of his predecessors, says that by the end of 2025, not only were the projected resources obtained, but revenues exceeded the original estimates by 20%.

He estimates that 2026 will see record tax collection and an expansion of the tax base.

Preliminary estimates calculate a 7.5% increase in revenue, reaching a total of around 313 billion pesos for this year.

Even with the extensive package of tax benefits that will be implemented, public finances will remain healthy, says De Botton.

This package includes property tax discounts of 8% and 5% for annual payments made in advance during January and February 2026; for vulnerable groups and seniors over 60, a fixed fee of 68 pesos every two months, and a 30% discount on property tax depending on the assessed value and 50% on water, as well as 100% on vehicle ownership tax when paying the renewal fee.

For the first time in 13 years, the limit for exempting vehicle ownership tax is being updated and raised from 250,000 to 638,000 pesos, including VAT, for private vehicles, extending the benefit to more taxpayers who cover the 2026 renewal fee of 760 pesos from January 1 to March 31, 2026.

For vulnerable groups, such as seniors without a fixed income and with limited resources, single mothers, separated or divorced women, female heads of household, widows, surviving spouses of the owner, orphans receiving pensions, retirees or pensioners due to occupational hazards and disability, as well as people with permanent disabilities and people aged 60 and over, the Mexico City government offers fixed rates and discounts on property tax and water bills.

In addition, as of January 1, there will be a fixed bi-monthly property tax payment of 68 pesos when the residential property does not exceed 2,808,466 pesos, and properties exceeding that amount will be granted a 30 percent discount.

From what we can see, it appears that the strategy is bearing fruit and it is very likely that the objectives of increasing the tax base without raising taxes, offering tangible tax benefits, and at the same time implementing an ambitious urban development plan will be achieved.

We shall see.

Employment, job losses, lower?

According to IMSS figures, 320,692 formal jobs were lost in December 2025.

The figure confirms the seasonal pattern of declines at the end of the year, although the drop was less than in previous years.

In 2024, 405,259 jobs were lost, the most pronounced decline in a similar month in the last 20 years.

The IMSS highlights that the job losses in December 2025 are the second lowest in the last decade in absolute terms and the lowest in relative terms, without taking the pandemic into account.

Undoubtedly, the agency sees the glass as half full.

The truth is that in terms of employment, Mexico is experiencing a notable decline, which can be explained by the low level of growth observed in the last seven years.

Document NFINCE0020260109em19003vm




CE Noticias Financieras English
Liga MX returns with maximum foreign capital involvement

1,175 words
9 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

This weekend, Liga MX returns with an unprecedented twist, as five of its 18 teams are operating with foreign capital.

Bravos, Atlético de San Luis, Necaxa, Querétaro, and América are the stars of this maximum version of foreign investment in the first division of Mexican soccer. The pioneer was the Chihuahua team in May 2015, while the most recent was Mexico City in December 2025.

Three of these teams accepted foreign investment after the COVID-19 pandemic (between 2021 and 2025). It is a trend that, according to experts, is projected to continue growing.

"It would not be unreasonable to see at least 50% of Liga MX teams having some form of foreign investment in the future," Walter Franco, director of Victus Advisors, a US-based sports industry consulting firm, told El Economista.

"The fact that someone invested in América could be a watershed moment that leads to more investment in other clubs. I spoke with an owner a few months ago, and they expected that in the coming years, the deal with Apollo Sports Group and the (centralized) television rights would definitely go through. If we set that five-year highlight, this type of investment would come before that happens. It could be within the next two or three years."

Upward trend

The Apolloinvestment fund was in negotiations to inject $1.25 billion into Liga MX between 2024 and 2025, but it was rejected by a majority decision of the Owners' Assembly.

The current investors come from the United States and Spain. Each case is different, and the only one that claims 100% foreign ownership is Querétaro, acquired by the Innovatio Capital group in the summer of 2025.

The US conglomerate MountainStar Sports also claims full ownership of Bravos de Juárez, although at the individual level, Mexican businesswoman Alejandra De la Vega is in charge.

Bravos accepted foreign capital since its founding in 2015; Atlético de San Luis did so in 2017 to revive a franchise with more solidity in that entity; Necaxa experimented with a group of celebrity investors; and Querétaro was forced to find a new buyer after the violent events at its stadium, La Corregidora, in 2022.

The case that attracted the most attention was América, the most successful team in Liga MX and considered to have sufficient capital to succeed in sporting and administrative matters without the need for foreign investment. But it surprised everyone a few days ago when it announced that the US fund General Atlantic had acquired 49% of its shares, including the Azteca stadium and surrounding land.

"In the case of investment in sports activities, foreign investment has traditionally been very low. In the last three years, it has not even reached 1% of the foreign investment entering the country. Of more than $30 billion, less than 1% goes to sports or recreational activities," says Saúl Herrera, professor and researcher at the Faculty of Economics of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM).

"The restructuring of companies related to soccer teams is now aimed at attracting these resources. The case of América is noteworthy because it is not only the amount, which is around $500 million and is very important for the sports sector in Mexico, but also the strategies. It is something that can expand the capabilities of the business and should be related to improving sports performance, entertainment, facilities, conditions, players, and so on."

Foreign participation accounts for 27% of current clubs in Liga MX, but this percentage is still far from the global trend. In the Premier League (England), for example, it is 49%, and in Serie A (Italy), it is 45%.

Advantages and expectations

When asked about the advantages of investing in Mexican soccer, the UNAM specialist responds:

"First, performance. Any investor who risks capital to carry out an activity tends to have that intention. In mature markets, such as Europe or the United States, returns tend to be lower due to competition between companies. However, when entering markets where these types of schemes are not as prevalent, the focus is primarily on expanding the business, diversifying risks, and obtaining returns."

He points out that there are around 100 million soccer fans in Mexico and that, in this sense, a return on investment of more than 5% is considered high.

"Mexico is sure to have a higher return because it is a fertile and broad market where competition is lower. It is a safe market, fans are usually loyal, and that guarantees a sufficiently attractive return."

He adds that, compared to franchise prices in Europe and the United States (which can exceed $700 million), Liga MX offers advantages.

"Buying teams in Mexico is cheaper, the return is high, and the risk is lower. Normally, what we have, apart from the big names that advertise themselves as investors, are fund schemes, where there is not just one person, but a series of resources raised. These are contributions from a significant number of people who direct their resources to invest, diversify portfolios, and reduce risk. So, it's cheap, profitable, and safe."

For Walter Franco, the viability of a high rating for Liga MX in the United States is another incentive for foreign investment, in addition to more accessible returns than in Europe.

"These types of investors are always looking for returns without having to invest as much. For example, instead of investing billions of dollars in Manchester United, they can invest $100 million in Liga MX. They also know that a Liga MX team can generate higher ratings in the United States. Mexico is recognized as a market where there is still a lot of potential for investment and returns (...) In addition, Liga MX continues to be the most popular soccer league in the United States in terms of ratings, followed by the Premier League, LaLiga, and a tie between MLS and the Bundesliga."

On the other hand, the arrival of foreign capital raises expectations for improving the clubs' infrastructure and their sporting level.

So far, neither Bravos, Necaxa nor Querétaro have signed any big-name players. Atlético de San Luis has already brought in former Italian international Joao Pedro and, years ago, Mohamed Sissoko, who played for clubs such as Liverpool, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain (PSG).

"This is very important because soccer is a spectacle that needs to be of a certain standard to guarantee fan interest, not only in their team, but also in going to the stadiums or participating in experiences.

"The case of América is interesting because, in turn, it formed an alliance with Kraft Analytic Group, a subsidiary of the Patriots' owner. That NFL scheme, in terms of experience, spectacle, and player professionalization, is fundamental to maintaining the business. If that catches on in Mexico, we would expect to see an increase in the level of soccer. As for signings, in European soccer, teams compete with their wallets, and attracting big names guarantees full stadiums; that aspect should be considered here," concludes Saúl Herrera.

Document NFINCE0020260109em19003f2




CE Noticias Financieras English
Canada opens fronts against Mexico over energy, lithium, and genetically modified canola in the USMCA

735 words
8 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City.- The joint review of the North American trade agreement is here, and two of western Canada's leading business voices are placing Mexico at the center of the debate. Both the Calgary Chamber of Commerce and the Business Council of Alberta agree that the country is key to regional competitiveness, but warn that its policies on energy, mining, and agriculture introduce friction that could strain the USMCA negotiations.

Comments from the Canadian private sector indicate that Mexico has consolidated its role as a central link in North American production chains, especially after China's displacement as a strategic supplier to the United States. This repositioning has increased its economic weight, but also scrutiny of its regulatory framework and its alignment with the interests of its partners.

It is recognized that the trade relationship between Canada and Mexico remains less developed than that with the United States, although there is ample room for growth, either under the USMCA or through a bilateral agreement, but work must be done to eliminate barriers.

According to the Ministry of Economy, Mexico's trade with Canada is still limited. Imports from that country represent about 2% of the total, while exports barely reach 3.3%.

The warnings

The energy sector appears to be the main focus of concern. Calgary and Alberta point out that policies that prioritize Mexican state-owned companies, particularly Pemex, reduce access to foreign capital and limit investment opportunities for Canadian companies. The criticism is not directed at the role of the state, but at the absence of fair and predictable conditions for private participation.

The Business Council of Alberta adds that this environment is exacerbated by USMCA restrictions on the investor-state dispute settlement mechanism in energy, which weakens the protection of foreign investment. For Alberta's energy companies, this design increases the risk of projects in Mexico and slows regional energy integration.

The Calgary Chamber of Commerce agrees that the agreement's review should address these distortions, particularly to facilitate trilateral cooperation on low-emission energy, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, and nuclear power. Without clear rules and legal certainty, it warns, North America is losing ground to other blocs that are moving more quickly in the energy transition.

Both organizations identify a possible turning point, because the Mexican government's intention is to withdraw financial support for Pemex by 2027, which opens up the expectation of greater scope for partnerships with foreign capital. For Canadian businesses, this shift could redefine the balance between state control and private participation, although they stress that any changes must be reflected in clear rules within the USMCA.

The second critical area is mining, particularly of critical minerals. Calgary and Alberta agree that lithium, cobalt, and other strategic inputs are essential for batteries, electric vehicles, advanced technologies, and defense systems. In this context, they argue that the USMCA should serve as a platform for creating integrated supply chains in North America and reducing dependence on China.

They mention that "state control of lithium reserves in Mexico" represents a barrier to fully integrating a critical minerals supply chain within the region.

Added to this concern is the fear that Chinese companies will use subsidiaries in Mexico to access the North American market. The two organizations propose strengthening rules of origin and the enforcement of labor provisions to close this loophole, an issue that directly connects mining with regional manufacturing.

The third front is agriculture, with canola as the main irritant. Both Calgary and Alberta point out that Mexico's ban on imports of genetically modified canola constitutes a non-tariff barrier that is incompatible with the principles of the USMCA. For Canadian businesses, this measure restricts access to the Mexican market for one of their most important agricultural products and sets a precedent that weakens trade based on scientific evidence.

The Calgary Chamber of Commerce stresses that eliminating such restrictions would allow for expanded agri-food trade with Mexico.

In this regard, it highlights the importance of strengthening economic ties with Mexico in a context where the country has become the United States' main trading partner.

Taken together, the positions of Calgary and Alberta paint a consistent picture. Mexico is indispensable to North America's energy, mineral, and food security, but it faces pressure to adjust its regulatory framework.

Document NFINCE0020260108em1800cqt




EXCLUSIVE-Trump supporter and oil magnate Harry Sargeant advising US on Venezuela, sources say

1,311 words
8 January 2026
15:04
Reuters News
LBA
English
Copyright 2026 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved. 

*

Sargeant's influence stems from close ties with Trump and Venezuelan officials

*

He met with Energy Secretary Wright in Miami for oil infrastructure talks

*

Sargeant's company exported asphalt from Venezuela until U.S. license revoked

By Erin Banco, Sarah Kinosian and Matt Spetalnick

WASHINGTON, Jan 8 (Reuters) - Billionaire energy entrepreneur and Republican donor Harry Sargeant III and his team are advising the Trump administration on how the U.S. can engineer a return of some American oil companies to Venezuela, according to four sources familiar with the matter.

The involvement of Sargeant, who has long-standing ties to Venezuela’s oil industry, underscores the Trump administration's reliance on U.S. oil executives for guidance on how to administer the country's energy sector following last week's dramatic U.S. military operation that resulted in the arrest of President Nicolas Maduro.

Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on Wednesday the U.S. would refine and sell up to 50 million barrels of Venezuelan crude, as U.S. forces continued seizing oil tankers linked to Venezuela.

"That money will then be handled in such a way that we will control how it is disbursed in a way that benefits the Venezuelan people," he said.

Sargeant's business interests in Venezuela are relatively small in comparison to the oil giant Chevron, the only U.S. oil company with federal authorization to export oil from the country, but he has been doing business there since the 1980s.

Sargeant's businesses buy and export asphalt, which can be made from the kind of heavy crude oil produced in Venezuela, and he has invested in the production of several of the country’s oil fields.

He also has a long history of dealing with senior Venezuelan officials, including Maduro and interim President Delcy Rodriguez, he told Reuters.

Sargeant has long-standing connections to U.S. President Donald Trump and often golfs with him at Mar-a-Lago, two sources said.

Sargeant has met with senior Trump officials in recent days, including Department of Energy Secretary Chris Wright in Miami, one of the sources familiar with the matter said. He has discussed with officials the need for investment in upgrading Venezuela’s oil infrastructure and advised on what terms the Venezuelan government may be willing to offer in contracts, the sources said.

In an interview, Sargeant confirmed that members of his team, including his son Harry IV and executive Ali Rahman, have been in discussions with U.S. officials but said he is not formally advising the administration.

Like other oil executives, he said he encouraged the administration to deal with Rodriguez over opposition leader Maria Machado. "I think Delcy will, when the time is right, be willing to transition the country to democracy and, you know, and see free and fair elections," he said.

The White House did not comment on Sargeant or his role, but a senior administration official said that Trump is "exerting maximum leverage with the remaining elements in Venezuela and ensuring they cooperate with the United States by halting illegal migration, stopping drug flows, revitalizing oil infrastructure, and doing what is right for the Venezuelan people.”

The U.S. Department of Energy did not respond to a request for comment about Sargeant. A spokesperson for the Venezuelan government and Delcy Rodriguez did not respond to a request for comment.

OIL MAN WORKING IN TURBULENT COUNTRIES

Sargeant is the former finance chairman of the Florida Republican Party. His family and corporate entities have donated millions of dollars to Republicans in recent years, according to campaign finance records. Between 2019 and 2020, Sargeant’s wife Deborah donated $285,000 to the Trump Victory Fund, the records show.

Sargeant has worked in the oil sector in some of the most politically turbulent countries across the world. During the Iraq war, Sargeant contracted with the Pentagon to transport fuel to U.S. troops.

In 2009, he was accused by the Congressional Oversight Committee of having overcharged the Pentagon for oil contracts during the Iraq War.

Sargeant denied the allegations and in 2018 a Defense Department investigation found “no fraud vulnerabilities” and stipulated his company would receive a $40 million payment for its government contract work in Iraq.

One of his companies, GlobalOil Terminals, exported asphalt from Venezuela until last spring when the

U.S. Treasury Department revoked its license

.

The move was part of a pressure campaign against Maduro by U.S. President Donald Trump, whose first administration imposed sanctions on Venezuelan oil.

The energy magnate is one of several major oil executives helping senior administration officials plan a long list of projects to revive Venezuela's oil and gas industry after decades of mismanagement, underinvestment and sanctions. That includes increasing oil supplies to the U.S. and other markets and foreign investment for infrastructure, two of the sources said.

“There are very few people inside the U.S. government who have the industry expertise to be able to run this thing,” one of the sources said, referring to Venezuela’s oil sector. This person, like others in this story, requested anonymity to discuss internal administration deliberations.

While several energy executives have been in touch with the administration in recent days, Sargeant is one of the most influential in part because of his relationship with Trump.

Sargeant told Reuters that he “has never talked to the president about Venezuelan oil.” Reuters could not independently confirm this account.

RELATIONS WITH MADURO, RODRIGUEZ

Sargeant’s companies have for years worked with the Maduro government and the state-run oil company PDVSA.

A company partially owned by Sargeant sought out a

deal with the government

in 2017 to rehabilitate three oil fields, as Reuters exclusively reported at the time. And in 2024, following the easing of some U.S. sanctions, it

struck a deal with PDVSA

for the equivalent of 570,000 barrels of asphalt to be used for projects in the U.S.

The Republican donor has also previously been involved in the Trump administration’s outreach to Venezuelan leadership.

In February 2025, he helped broker a meeting between special

U.S. envoy Richard Grenell and Maduro

in which the two discussed the deportation of migrants back to Venezuela, the release of American prisoners and the potential extension by the U.S. of a license for Chevron to operate in the country, Sargeant told Reuters.

The U.S. eventually announced Chevron’s license would be extended. Chevron did not immediately respond to a request for comment about their licenses or Sargeant's role.

Sargeant and other oil executives close to the administration have advised the U.S. government that Rodriguez would likely be a better choice for interim president because she could better control the oil sector and ensure American oil companies’ access than opposition leader Maria Machado, according to two of the sources.

In conversations with Rodriguez, U.S. officials, including Secretary of State Marco Rubio, have discussed how American companies, fearing legal and financial risk of investing in Venezuela, would need favorable contracts in order to return to the country, two of the sources said.

Reuters could not establish whether Rodriguez has committed to the request or exactly what terms she would be willing to offer American oil companies. But one person familiar with the discussions said the administration is confident Rodriguez will deliver.

Sargeant said that members of his team in Venezuela have been in touch with Rodriguez since Maduro had been captured, but that he himself had only had a text exchange to wish her success in her new role. (Reporting by Erin Banco in New York, Sarah Kinosian in Mexico City, and Matt Spetalnick in Washington. Additional reporting by Marianna Parraga in Houston. Editing by Don Durfee and Michael Learmonth) 

Released: 2026-1-8T21:04:03.000Z 

Document LBA0000020260108em18018d9




CE Noticias Financieras English
 Mexico City , economic and  investment  hub on the road to the 2026 World Cup

496 words
8 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City is ready to offer security and return on investment with a view to 2026. "If we were a country, this beautiful city would be the seventh largest economy in Latin America," said Mayor Clara Brugada to diplomats during her participation in the 37th Meeting of Heads of Embassies and Consulates.

The event, organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (SRE), was attended by officials from FIFA and the host states of Jalisco and Nuevo León. In her speech, she called on diplomats to promote the city's image as a reliable venue for sporting events and business.

According to official data, in 2025 Mexico City attracted 19 billion pesos in Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), representing an annual increase of 36%.

In the fiscal area, Brugada highlighted "healthy tax collection," with a 26% increase in own revenues and 55% growth in public investment over a two-year period.

The mayor expressly linked the celebration of the sporting event with an urban development strategy, "we are welcoming 2026 with more than 2,000 projects that we have been working on since 2025 to transform the city," which include the commissioning of three new Metrobus lines and the modernization of the Light Rail, and the comprehensive repaving of 250 kilometers of primary roads.

At the same time, a program is being implemented to revitalize the Historic Center and tourist corridors through a project to illuminate 50 kilometers of streets and heritage buildings.

Confidence

To build confidence among the business community and visitors, the capital's mayor reported that crime fell by 58% between 2019 and 2025, with a 13% reduction in the last year.

In terms of intentional homicides, the decline is 46% over the same seven-year period. "For those who say that Mexico City is very dangerous, take a look at these figures (...) the capital is the most video-surveilled city in the Americas," with 135,000 operational cameras.

During the meeting, Brugada asked attendees "to help us as ambassadors and consuls to promote and spread the word that Mexico City is a host city that is guaranteed to be safe."

The tourism sector grew by 5% in 2025 and saw an 86% increase in the number of foreigners choosing to reside in the capital. The World Cup will be used as a lever to boost the economy and consolidate the international image of a safe, dynamic, and forward-looking metropolis.

The organizational model, dubbed the Social World Cup by the government, seeks to generate a distributed economic impact. Five hundred soccer fields are being built or renovated in working-class neighborhoods, and 50 public festival sites with giant screens are being prepared, with the Zócalo as the epicenter. "We want a World Cup that puts the population at the center, who may not have the resources to enter the stadiums, but who live the World Cup."

Document NFINCE0020260108em18003sz


Potential Revival of Venezuelan Oil Output May Create Mid- to Long-Term Issues for Mexico

845 words
7 January 2026
16:25
OPIS News Alerts Online
OPISN
English
© 2026 Oil Price Information Service, LLC. All rights reserved. 

Trump administration's plans to sharply increase Venezuelan oil production are
unlikely to affect Mexican crude production in the short term, but could
eventually limit foreign investment in the country's energy sector, industry
analysts said on Tuesday.

"The immediate effect for Mexico is really marginal," Gonzalo Monroy, managing
director at Mexico-City based energy consultant GMEC, said in an interview. But
he added that while Mexico wants to attract more foreign investment,
"fundamentally it has nothing attractive to sell."

Monroy said U.S. companies have increasingly chosen to spend on projects in
other regions, such as Brazil and West Africa, rather than in Mexico even
before the White House said it wanted U.S. companies to rebuild the Venezuela's
production infrastructure and increase output.

Efforts by Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex to award international oil
companies shared contracts to develop new production fields has so far failed
to draw interest from U.S. exploration and development companies and the first
five contracts announced under this strategy will be awarded to private Mexican
companies.

After U.S. military forces launched a raid Saturday in Caracas to arrest
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and bring him to the U.S. to face
drug-trafficking charges, Trump said the U.S. would maintain control of the
country and bring U.S. oil companies in to develop the country's oil reserves
that are estimated at more than 300 billion bbl.

Trump on Tuesday said Venezuela will sell 30 million to 50 million bbl of crude
to the U.S. at market value, and the proceeds would be managed by Washington.

"The fact that Trump said U.S. companies will reactivate the industry isn't set
in stone. We still need to see whether there is interest from other players to
do so," Monroy said.

"We're talking about years of underinvestment and a lack of repairs in the
fields and infrastructure, and that's going to take quite a while to fix and a
lot of money," he added.

Before U.S. producers can even consider helping to revive an industry that
would require at least $60 billion in investment, Venezuela would need provide
clarity on what the post-Maduro government will look like and whether a
democratic transition will take place, panelists said at a Bloomberg webinar.

"That would allow Venezuela to slowly, but surely, get back to that past
splendor, in terms of GDP gains, a gradual recovery in oil production, a
rebound in debt markets that have been rattled by the news, and the return of
its diaspora," Jimena Zúñiga, a Latin American geoeconomics analyst at
Bloomberg, said.

The Bloomberg speakers outlined different scenarios involving a stalled
transition or political chaos, in which oil production could fall well below 1
million b/d, as well as a more optimistic scenario in which crude production
could approach 2.5 million b/d.

In any case, any impacts on Mexico's oil industry would likely not materialize
until 2027 or later, assuming order is restored in Venezuela and oil
development becomes more profitable for U.S. firms there than in Mexico, Ramsés
Pech, an energy industry and economic consultant, said in an interview.

Under Mexico's mixed-contract model, companies must grant Pemex 40% of profits,
while in Venezuela they could hypothetically gain access to all profits, Pech
said.

Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum has set a target for Pemex to reach oil
production of 1.8 million b/d by 2028, prioritizing domestic supply and
limiting exports to no more than 400,000 b/d, according to the company's
2025--2035 business plan.

Of that volume, 150,000 b/d would be sent to Pemex's Deer Park refinery near
Houston, leaving less for external sales.

"Venezuela could position itself as one of Mexico's main competitors with U.S.
backing in two specific areas that would affect the country," should U.S.
companies decide to invest there and deploy the experience and technology that
made the U.S. the world's largest oil producer since 2018, Pech said.

Venezuela's heavy crude, in addition, would compete directly with Mexico's Maya
crude, as well as heavy barrels from Ecuador and Canada, according to Vincent
Piazza, senior equity analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Over time, heavy crude
oil spreads would weaken, he explained.

"More supply from Venezuela would widen the price discount of light barrels
relative to heavy barrels," he added.

Still, Jaime Brito, executive director refining and oil products at Dow Jones,
said all of those scenarios will play out over the mid- to long term. "The oil
industry is a long-term business," he said.

"Any company that would potentially participate in Venezuela would need the
social, regulatory and legal transition to be completed successfully. They need
to see that there is rule of law to justify a long-term investment."

Reporting by José Luis Adriano, jadriano@opisnet.com: Editing by Jeffrey
Barber, jbarber@opisnet.com


Document OPISN00020260108em1700010




CE Noticias Financieras English
Alejandro Gertz Manero leaves his post as Mexican ambassador to the United Kingdom: What are we selling and what are we buying?

504 words
7 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

As part of his resignation letter, former prosecutor Alejandro Gertz Manero said he would be appointed ambassador to "a friendly country," and on January 7, President Claudia Sheinbaum announced that it would be the United Kingdom.

"I can now say this because it has been approved and has received the go-ahead: he is going to Great Britain, to England. It has to be approved by the Senate, then we will give you the date," said the president at her morning press conference on Wednesday, January 7.

Mexico has trade relations with the United Kingdom that include the purchase and sale of products, foreign direct investment, and even remittances.

The Ministry of Economy detailed that from January to December 2024, Mexico's main exports to the United Kingdom were automobiles and other vehicles designed for passenger transport. These exports originated in San Luis Potosí, Querétaro, and Mexico City.

What are Mexico's imports to the United Kingdom?

In terms of imports, the same agency details that these were also automobiles and other vehicles designed for passenger transport. Their destination states are Mexico City, Nuevo León, and Jalisco.

In October 2025, Mexico's exports to the United Kingdom amounted to $270 million, while imports reached $234 million.

Foreign direct investment (FDI) from the United Kingdom to Mexico amounted to $823 million in 2024. In terms of remittances, in the third quarter of 2025, Mexico received $1.62 billion.

On migration issues, in 2020, 2,582 migrants from the United Kingdom were registered, concentrated in Mexico City, Querétaro, and Nuevo León.

What do we know about the embassy Alejandro Gertz Manero will be heading to?

President Sheinbaum announced that Alejandro Gertz's appointment as ambassador to the United Kingdom will have to be approved by the Senate, but no date has yet been set for discussion of the matter.

Gertz will replace Josefa González, who was head of the Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources (Semarnat).

In addition, Alejandro Gertz left the FGR two years before the end of his term and was replaced by Ernestina Godoy, who was previously the Mexico City Attorney General.

"This proposal will allow me to continue serving my country in a new role that I am honored and grateful for," he said in a letter sent to the Senate, in which he explained that he had accepted President Sheinbaum's proposal to become ambassador.

As Sheinbaum revealed in a morning press conference, she raised the opportunity with him at a meeting, and Alejandro Gertz expressed his willingness to take on a new diplomatic role.

"It was in recognition of the work he has done and an agreement between the two of us that he was interested in going to an embassy and will do very well. I brought it up to him at a meeting," the president said about how the process unfolded.

Document NFINCE0020260107em17009nw




CE Noticias Financieras English
Maquiladora will continue to attract  investment ; EU expects 'difficult'

396 words
7 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City - The National Council of the Export Manufacturing Industry (Index) affirmed that it will continue to attract Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), despite the tightening of U.S. trade, immigration and security policies.

At the beginning of this year 2026, we announce our objective to continue promoting investments in our country, the arrival of foreign direct investment and the generation of more and better jobs," stated the organization led by Humberto Martínez Cantú.

The business entity recalled that it closely follows international events and is attentive to a possible hardening of the discourse on energy, immigration, security and trade issues.

The hardening of the U.S. government's energy, immigration, security and trade agenda will eventually cloud the review process of the Free Trade Agreement (T-MEC), which will begin after the first half of 2026, he said.

The maquiladora industry said it will maintain close communication with representatives of the Mexican and U.S. governments ahead of the review of the T-MEC, the trade agreement that moves North America.

We will be attentive to the amendments to the General Import and Export Tax Law (LIGIE) and the Tariffs of the General Import and Export Tax Law (TIGIE) promoted by the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit," he said.

Index showed its availability to the government of Claudia Sheinbaum to give the vision of the export manufacturing sector with more than 60 years of experience.

Mexico must take advantage of the domestic market that contributes to balance foreign trade balances for the benefit of the coexistence and welfare of all Mexicans, thereby achieving a solid, diversified and socially inclusive national industrialization," he said.

Index's members and affiliates will hold their Board of Directors meetings in McAllen, Texas and Washington, D.C., in February and March, which confirms their interest in being a key player in the review of the T-MEC and strengthening a good relationship with U.S. congressmen and peers, mainly on the tariff issue.

With this, the updating and establishment of tariffs will allow us to correct trade distortions, guaranteeing fair conditions of competition for domestic producers in the face of unfair practices and external subsidy policies, as well as aligning tariff policy with a vision of sustainable and regional development," said Index.

Document NFINCE0020260107em170049o


INDUSTRY SNAPSHOTS - INDIA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 7 JAN 26_EN

19,449 words
7 January 2026
Acquisdata Global Industry SnapShot
ACQIND
English
Copyright 2026. Acquisdata Inc. 

LATEST COMPANY NEWS

This Week’s News

Fortune India - India to get AI investments worth $70 billion: Ashwini Vaishnaw - 7/1/2026

Speaking at the Rajasthan AI Summit, Vaishnaw said the Centre has launched the India AI Mission to strengthen India's position in the global.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.fortuneindia.com/business-news/india-to-get-ai-investments-worth-70-billion-ashwini-vaishnaw/129236

Staffing Industry Analysts - Active tech jobs in India tumble in January - 6/1/2026

The number of active technology job openings in India fell to 103,000 at the start of January.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.staffingindustry.com/news/global-daily-news/active-tech- jobs-in-india-tumble-in-january

The Hindu - Infosys eyes Yendada hill for its permanant campus in Vizag - 5/1/2026

Infosys is currently operating its unit in a rented building in the Rushikonda IT zone area.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Visakhapatnam/infosys-eyes-yendada-hill-for-its-permanant-campus-in-vizag/article70474613.ece

Other Stories

Firstpost - India’s semiconductor sector at a turning point: From vision to execution - 5/1/2026

Yahoo Finance - Tata and Infosys to Bear Brunt of Trump’s $100,000 H-1B Worker Fee - 16/12/2025

The New Indian Express - ‘Law to safeguard welfare of IT employees needed’: Telangana HC - 16/12/2025

Carbon Copy - American tech companies to invest billions to build AI infra in India - 16/12/2025

digitimes - India roundup: Intel commits to India semiconductor mission - 15/12/2025

Media Releases

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP) - Change in the composition of the Board of Directors - 5/1/2026

Latest Research

Assistive Technology and Employability of the Divyangjan: A Study with Special Reference to Bangalore IT Companies - By SM Nagaraj, KS Muralidhara

Overviews of Leading Companies

Birlasoft Limited (NSE: BSOFT)

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP)

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE)

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH)

Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY)

Kavveri Telecom Products Limited (BSE: 590041)

KPIT Technologies Limited (NSE: KPITTECH)

LTIMindtree Limited (NSE: LTIM)

Sonata Software Limited (NSE: SONATSOFTW BSE: 532221)

Take Solutions Limited (NSE: TAKE)

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS)

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755)

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU)

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO)

Senior Associate: Joseph Hang Ellision

News and Commentary

Fortune India - India to get AI investments worth $70 billion: Ashwini Vaishnaw - 7/1/2026

Speaking at the Rajasthan AI Summit, Vaishnaw said the Centre has launched the India AI Mission to strengthen India's position in the global.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.fortuneindia.com/business-news/india-to-get-ai-investments-worth-70-billion-ashwini-vaishnaw/129236

Staffing Industry Analysts - Active tech jobs in India tumble in January - 6/1/2026

The number of active technology job openings in India fell to 103,000 at the start of January.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.staffingindustry.com/news/global-daily-news/active-tech- jobs-in-india-tumble-in-january

The Hindu - Infosys eyes Yendada hill for its permanant campus in Vizag - 5/1/2026

Infosys is currently operating its unit in a rented building in the Rushikonda IT zone area.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Visakhapatnam/infosys-eyes-yendada-hill-for-its-permanant-campus-in-vizag/article70474613.ece

Firstpost - India’s semiconductor sector at a turning point: From vision to execution - 5/1/2026

India’s semiconductor journey has long been framed as a strategic imperative in the global technology race.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.firstpost.com/opinion/indias-semiconductor-sector-at-a-turning-point-from-vision-to-execution-13965698.html

Yahoo Finance - Tata and Infosys to Bear Brunt of Trump’s $100,000 H-1B Worker Fee - 16/12/2025

President Donald Trump’s $100,000 price tag for new H-1B workers hired from outside the US could have punishing effects for the IT outsourcing and staffing industries that have long been a target of both parties.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-15/tata-infosys-to-bear-brunt-of-trump-s-100-000-h-1b-worker-fee

The New Indian Express - ‘Law to safeguard welfare of IT employees needed’: Telangana HC - 16/12/2025

The petitioner, who joined the company in 2019, alleged that he was made to execute a 52-month surety bond in phases.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.newindianexpress.com/states/telangana/2025/Dec/14/law-to-safeguard-welfare-of-it-employees-needed-telangana-hc

Carbon Copy - American tech companies to invest billions to build AI infra in India - 16/12/2025

American e-commerce giant Amazon has decided to pump in $35 billion into its India operations, with most of it being focused on AI.

For the complete story, see:

https://carboncopy.info/american-tech-companies-to-invest-billions-to-build-ai-infra-in-india/

digitimes - India roundup: Intel commits to India semiconductor mission - 15/12/2025

Intel and Tata to assemble chips locally as global firms, including Amazon, Microsoft, and Vingroup, announced fresh investments in India.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20251212VL204/india-roundup-intel-chips-amazon-microsoft.html

Media Releases

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP) - Change in the composition of the Board of Directors - 5/1/2026

Paris, January 5, 2026 – Meeting on January 5, 2026, the Board of Directors of Capgemini SE took due note of Ms. Megan Clarken‘s resignation as a director and decided to appoint by co-option[1] a new director, Ms. Lila Tretikov, following a proposal by the Ethics and Governance committee.

Ms. Lila Tretikov, a French and American national, is currently Head of AI Strategy, at New Enterprise Associates, Inc., a global venture capital firm. She will bring to the Board her technological skills and her expertise in Artificial Intelligence as well as business transformation through technology.

The Board considers Ms. Lila Tretikov to be independent pursuant to the criteria of the AFEP-MEDEF Code to which the Company refers.

Ms. Lila Tretikov’s nomination is effective from January 5, 2026. This nomination is in line with the Board’s ambition to enrich the diversity of its profiles and deepen its industry expertise.

The Board of Directors warmly thanked Ms. Megan Clarken for her contribution to the work of the Board and the Strategy & CSR Committee on which she sat.

As of January 5,2026, the Board of Directors therefore comprises 15 directors, including two directors representing employees and one director representing employee shareholders. 83% of its members are independent[2], 40% have international profiles and 42% are women2.

BIOGRAPHY

Ms. Lila Tretikov

Ms. Tretikov is a leading expert on Artificial Intelligence and innovation-driven business transformation. Since 2024, she has been Partner, and Head of AI Strategy, at New Enterprise Associates, Inc., a global venture capital firm based in Silicon Valley.

Ms. Tretikov studied computer science (specializing in AI) and visual art at the University of California, Berkeley.

Prior to joining New Enterprise Associates, Ms. Tretikov was employed by Microsoft Corporation since 2018. She notably held the position of Corporate Vice President & Deputy Chief Technology Officer from April 2020 to January 2024, driving large-scale AI transformation.

Previously, Ms. Tretikov served as Senior Vice President of Engie SA, a multinational energy company, and Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Terrawatt Initiative, a non-profit corporation launched by Engie, Total, IBM, and other multinationals to accelerate decarbonization of global industries. She was previously Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of The Wikimedia Foundation and Wikipedia Endowment, which support Wikipedia. Ms. Tretikov sits on the Board of Directors of UBS Group AG, Volvo Car Corporation, and Xylem Inc.

[1] Ms. Lila Tretikov will serve the remainder of Ms. Clarken’s mandate until 2027 at the AGM convened to approve the 2026 statutory accounts. Ms. Megan Clarken left her position on December 31, 2025.

* The Directors representing employees and employee shareholders are not taken into account in calculating this percentage, in accordance with the provisions of the AFEP-MEDEF Code and the French Commercial Code.

https://www.capgemini.com/news/press-releases/change-in-the-composition-of-the-board-of-directors-2/

Latest Research

Assistive Technology and Employability of the Divyangjan: A Study with Special Reference to Bangalore IT Companies

SM Nagaraj, KS Muralidhara

Abstract

Implementation of Assistive Technology (AT) in the work environment has greatly enhanced the employability of Divyangjan (individuals with disabilities) by bringing in inclusivity and accessibility. This research analyses the contribution of assistive technology towards increasing work opportunities for Divyangjan workers in Bangalore’s IT industry. It also investigates the level of AT adoption in the IT industry, the categories utilised, and challenges encountered in their implementation. The study also examines the views of employers and employees on the effectiveness of AT in enhancing work efficiency, job satisfaction, and career development. The research employs a mixed-methods approach, integrating surveys and interviews among HR professionals and IT managers in order to capture a holistic perspective of AT’s influence. Central areas of concentration are the applications of screen readers, speech-to-text software, ergonomic hardware, AI-based assistive solutions, and workplace accommodations. The study reveals that, although most IT firms in Bangalore have been successful in incorporating AT, high costs, unawareness, and insufficient training are the areas where the journey has been bumpy. It concludes that with a sound policy framework, higher investment in AT, and greater corporate initiatives, the gaps are filled and a more inclusive work environment for the IT sector can be established. Recommendations are policy improvements, better training schemes, and company incentives for the widespread use of assistive technology. In doing so, Bangalore’s IT sector can create a model for workplace accessibility and inclusiveness.

https://www.rvimjournal.com/index.php/rvim/article/view/379

The Industry

Last updated: Apr, 2025

Introduction

The IT & BPM sector has become one of the most significant growth catalysts for the Indian economy, contributing significantly to the country’s GDP and public welfare. The IT industry accounted for 7.5% of India’s GDP, as of FY23 and is projected to hit 10% by FY25.

As innovative digital applications permeate sector after sector, India is now prepared for the next phase of growth in its IT revolution. India is viewed by the rest of the world as having one of the largest Internet user bases and the cheapest Internet rates, with 76 crore citizens now having access to the Internet.

The current emphasis is on the production of significant economic value and citizen empowerment, thanks to a solid foundation of digital infrastructure and enhanced digital access provided by the Digital India Programme. India is one of the countries with the quickest pace of digital adoption. This was accomplished through a mix of government action, commercial innovation and investment, and new digital applications that are already improving and permeating a variety of activities and different forms of work, thus having a positive impact on the daily lives of citizens.

India’s rankings improved six places to the 39th position in the 2024 edition of the Global Innovation Index (GII).

Market Size

According to the National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM), the Indian IT industry’s revenue touched US$ 227 billion in FY22, a 15.5% YoY growth and was estimated to have touched US$ 245 billion in FY23.

The IT spending in India is estimated to record a double-digit growth of 11.1% in 2024, totalling US$ 138.6 billion up from US$ 124.7 billion last year. By 2025, the Indian software product industry is projected to hit Rs. 8,68,700 crore (US$ 100 billion) as companies seek to expand globally.

The Indian software product industry is expected to reach US$ 100 billion by 2025. Indian companies are focusing on investing internationally to expand their global footprint and enhance their global delivery centres.

The data annotation market in India stood at US$ 250 million in FY20, of which the US market contributed 60% to the overall value. The market is expected to reach US$ 7 billion by 2030 due to accelerated domestic demand for AI.

India's IT industry is likely to hit the US$ 350 billion mark by 2026 and contribute 10% towards the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Infomerics Ratings said in a report.

As an estimate, India’s IT export revenue rose by 9% in constant currency terms to US$ 194 billion in FY23. Exports from the Indian IT services industry stood at US$ 199 billion in FY24.

The export of IT services has been the major contributor, accounting for more than 53% of total IT exports (including hardware).

BPM and engineering and R&D (ER&D) and software products exports accounted for 22% and 25%, respectively of total IT exports during FY23.

Exports from the Indian IT industry stood at US$ 194 billion in FY23. The export of IT services was the major contributor, accounting for more than 51% of total IT exports (including hardware). BPM, and Software products and engineering services accounted for 19.3% and 22.1% each of total IT exports during FY23.

The IT industry added 2.9 lakh new jobs taking the industry’s workforce tally to 5.4 million people in FY23.

By 2026, the increased use of cloud technology could create 14 million jobs and contribute Rs. 33,01,060 crore (US$ 380 billion) to India’s GDP.

Investments/ Developments

* Indian IT's core competencies and strengths have attracted significant investment from major countries and companies.

* Hyderabad, known for its prominence in the IT sector, achieved exports worth Rs. 2.68 lakh crore (US$ 32.2 billion) in FY24, with a workforce of 9.46 lakh employees. This represents a YoY growth of 11.2%.

* Direct employment in the IT services and BPO/ITeS segment was estimated to reach 5.4 million in FY23 with an addition of 290,000 people.

* The revenue of India’s public cloud services market totalled US$ 6.2 billion in 2022, and it is expected to reach US$ 17.8 billion by 2027 growing at a CAGR of 23.4%.

* Announced in January 2025, Reliance Industries is set to build the world’s largest data center in Jamnagar, Gujarat, marking a major step in its entry into India's Artificial Intelligence (AI) sector.

* In January 2025, TCS approved the Rs. 1,625 crore (US$ 187.1 million) acquisition of TRIL Bengaluru Real Estate Five & Six Ltd. to develop delivery centers, acquiring 100% equity in one year.

* In December 2024, TCS has expanded its partnership with Bank of Baroda, India’s second largest public sector bank, to continue to implement an end-to-end financial inclusion solution over the next five years.

* In November 2024, TCS Partners With IIT KGP to Launch Advanced Research Center for Innovation in Digital Health, Robotics & Intelligent Systems

* In November 2022, ICICI Bank introduced two new products for its NRI clients - Loan against Deposits (LAD) and Dollar Bonds, at its branch in GIFT City.

* In November 2022, Amazon Web Services announced the launch of its second AWS infrastructure region in India - the AWS Asia Pacific (Hyderabad) Region. By 2030, it is anticipated that the region will support more than 48,000 full-time jobs annually thanks to investments totalling more than US$ 4.4 billion in India.

* In November 2022, Google established a partnership with local gaming startup SuperGaming through its Google Cloud division. As part of the collaboration, game developers who use Google Cloud to create, host, and distribute their games will have access to SuperGaming's SuperPlatform game engine.

* HDFC Bank partnered with Flywire to enable their customers to make fee payments digitally to overseas colleges and universities.

* In August 2022, Network People Services Technologies (NPST) announced that it was working on a banking super app. The high-end platform can be used by banks, fintech companies, and other BFSI players, and it will offer a seamless user experience with all banking, financial, and transactional services combined into a robust, smart app.

* In August 2022, PwC India announced that it was planning to hire 10,000 employees in the cloud and digital technologies space over the next five years.

* In October 2022, PE/VC investments in the technology sector stood at US$ 157 million across 12 deals.

* The computer software and hardware sector in India attracted cumulative foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows worth US$ 87.46 billion between April 2000-September 2024. The sector ranked second in FDI inflows as per the data released by Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT). Computer software and hardware make up 15.11% of the cumulative FDI equity inflows.

* In July 2022, the Union Bank of India (UBI) launched a Metaverse Virtual Lounge and Open Banking Sandbox environment in partnership with Tech Mahindra.

* In June 2022, ZStack International, a worldwide market leader in cloud computing, IaaS, and PaaS solutions, announced that they were entering India and the SAARC Region.

* In June 2022, Redington India, an IT provider, entered into a multi-year strategic agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to drive cloud technology adoption in India.

* American-Irish consumer credit reporting company Experian is planning a major expansion of its Global Innovation Centre (GIC) in Hyderabad to about 4,000 employees over the next three to five years. According to sources, GIC will concentrate on employing emerging technologies in the BFSI (banking, financial services, and insurance) sector, including cloud computing, big data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.

* In 2021, PE investments in the IT sector stood at US$ 23.4 billion.

* India’s IT startup ecosystem received record investments of nearly US$ 36 billion in privately held companies in 2021, up from US$ 11 billion in 2020.

* In March 2022, Licious, India’s largest tech-first, fresh animal protein brand, raised US$ 150 million in a Series F2 funding round.

* In March 2022, Byju’s raised US$ 800 million in funding as part of a pre-IPO round, which values the Bengaluru-based company at about US$ 22 billion.

* In March 2022, debt marketplace CredAvenue raised US$ 137 million in a funding round led by Insight Partners, B Capital Group and Dragoneer Investment Group, which propelled the startup’s valuation to US$ 1.3 billion.

* In February 2022, Hasura, a software company which helps developers with tools, raised US$ 100 million in a fresh funding round led by Greenoaks Capital, which elevated the company into a unicorn.

* In January 2022, Google announced plans to invest US$ 1 billion in India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd. to push India's digital ecosystem.

* Amazon partnered with Airtel to sell Amazon Web Services (AWS) to its customers and intends to inject US$ 1.6 billion into their two upcoming data centres in Hyderabad.

Government Initiatives

Some of the major initiatives taken by the government to promote the IT and ITeS sector in India are as follows:

* The Union Budget 2024-25, presented by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on July 23, 2024, proposes an allocation of Rs. 1,16,342 crore (US$ 13.98 billion) for IT and Telecom sectors.

* In March 2024, The Cabinet approved an allocation of over Rs. 10,300 crore (US$ 1.2 billion) for the IndiaAI Mission, marking a significant step towards bolstering India’s AI ecosystem.

* The government prioritizes cybersecurity, hyper-scale computing, AI, and blockchain. With data costs at Rs. 10/GB ($0.12/GB), India ranks among the world's cheapest.

* Cabinet approved PLI Scheme – 2.0 for IT Hardware with a budgetary outlay of Rs. 17,000 crore (US$ 2.06 billion).

* In September 2022, the new Telecommunications Bill 2022 was published for public consultation by the Ministry of Communications as a move toward creating a new telecom framework in India.

* In August 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), in collaboration with the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore (CSA), successfully planned and carried out the "Synergy" Cyber Security Exercise for 13 countries to build network resilience against ransomware attacks.

* In June 2022, STPI Director General Mr. Arvind Kumar stated that exports through STPI units have increased from Rs. 17 crore (US$ 2.14 million) in 1992 to Rs. 5.69 lakh crore (US$ 71.65 billion) in 2022.

* In May 2022, it was announced that Indians can now avail of their DigiLocker services through WhatsApp to get easy access to their official documents.

* In April 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) issued Directions to strengthen cybersecurity in the country.

* The government introduced the STP Scheme, which is a 100% export-oriented scheme for the development and export of computer software, including the export of professional services using communication links or physical media.

* In November 2021, the government launched the Internet Exchange in Uttarakhand to enhance the quality of internet services in the state.

* The Karnataka government signed three MoUs worth Rs. 100.52 crore (US$ 13.4 million) to help the state's emerging technology sector.

* In September 2021, the Indian government announced a plan to build a cyber-lab for the ‘Online Capacity Building Programme on Crime Investigation, Cyber Law, and Digital Forensics’ to strengthen cyber security capabilities.

* In September 2021, the Ministry of Electronics, and Information Technology (MeitY) organised a workshop under the theme of ‘Connecting all Indians’ to promote public and private stakeholders’ interest in the country and expand internet access to remote areas.

* In September 2021, the Indian government launched the Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture Project (MeghEA) to boost service delivery and governance in the state by leveraging digital technologies, to make Meghalaya a high-income state by 2030.

* In September 2021, the Indian government launched Phase II of the Visvesvaraya PhD Scheme to encourage research in 42 emerging technologies in Information Technology (IT), Electronics System Design & Manufacturing (ESDM) and Information Technology-Enabled Services (ITES).

* In September 2021, the Indian government inaugurated five National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology (NIELIT) Centres in three Northeastern states to boost the availability of training centres and employment opportunities.

* On July 2, 2021, the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises launched six technology innovation platforms to develop technologies for globally competitive manufacturing in India. The six technology platforms have been developed by IIT Madras, Central Manufacturing Technology Institute (CMTI), International Centre for Automotive Technology (iCAT), Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI), BHEL, and HMT, in association with IISc Bangalore.

* The Department of Telecom, Government of India and Ministry of Communications, Government of Japan, signed an MoU to enhance cooperation in areas of 5G technologies, telecom security and submarine optical fibre cable systems.

Road Ahead

India is the topmost offshoring destination for IT companies across the world. Having proven its capabilities in delivering both on-shore and off-shore services to global clients, emerging technologies now offer an entire new gamut of opportunities for top IT firms in India.

The IT spending in India is estimated to record a double-digit growth of 11.1% in 2024, totalling US$ 138.6 billion up from US$ 124.7 billion last year.

India’s public cloud services market grew to US$3.8 billion in the first half of 2023, expected to reach US$ 17.8 billion by 2027

By 2026, widespread cloud utilisation can provide employment opportunities to 14 million people and add US$ 380 billion to India's GDP.

As per a survey by Amazon Web Services (2021), India is expected to have nine times more digitally skilled workers by 2025.

In November 2021, Mr. Piyush Goyal, Minister of Commerce and Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Textiles, lauded the Indian IT sector for excelling in its competitive strength with zero government interference. He further added that service exports from India have the potential to reach US$ 1 trillion by 2030.

Notes: AI - Artificial Intelligence

References: Media Reports, Press Information Bureau (PIB), Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT), Department of Information and Technology, Union Budget 2023-24

Source: India Brand Equity Foundation

https://www.ibef.org/industry/information-technology-india

NASSCOM

Overview

NASSCOM, a not-for-profit industry association, is the apex body for the 180 billion dollar IT BPM industry in India, an industry that had made a phenomenal contribution to India's GDP, exports, employment, infrastructure and global visibility. In India, this industry provides the highest employment in the private sector.

Established in 1988 and ever since, NASSCOM’s relentless pursuit has been to constantly support the IT BPM industry, in the latter’s continued journey towards seeking trust and respect from varied stakeholders, even as it reorients itself time and again to remain innovative,without ever losing its humane and friendly touch.

NASSCOM is focused on building the architecture integral to the development of the IT BPM sector through policy advocacy, and help in setting up the strategic direction for the sector to unleash its potential and dominate newer frontiers.

NASSCOM’s members, 2800+, constitute 90% of the industry’s revenue and have enabled the association to spearhead initiatives at local, national and global levels. In turn, the IT BPM industry has gained recognition as a global powerhouse.

https://www.nasscom.in/about-us

Leading Companies

Birlasoft Limited (NSE: BSOFT)

Birlasoft and KPIT’s IT Services business, has merged to form a leading $500M publicly listed Enterprise Digital and IT Services company. As part of the multibillion dollar diversified The CK Birla Group, Birlasoft with its 10,000 employees, is committed to continuing our 157-year heritage of building sustainable communities. Birlasoft combines the power of domain, enterprise and digital technologies to reimagine business processes for customers and their ecosystem. Its consultative and design thinking approach makes societies more productive by helping customers run businesses.

https://www.birlasoft.com/

6/11/2025

Q2 FY 2025-26

Birlasoft Q2FY’26 Revenue up 3.4% QoQ to ?13,289 Mn

EBITDA up 34.3% QoQ at ?2,133 Mn, EBITDA margin expands to 16.0%

DSO improves to 55 days, Cash & cash equivalents up 26% YoY at ?23,434 Mn

Board recommends interim dividend of ?2.50 per share

New York and Pune, November 6, 2025: Birlasoft Ltd [BSE: 532400, NSE : BSOFT ], part of the multibillion-dollar CKA Birla Group, today reported its unaudited consolidated financial results for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025 (Q2 FY26).

Mr. Angan Guha, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Birlasoft, said, “We have delivered a healthy operating quarter in the face of a macroenvironment that remains challenging. Our performance during the quarter under review also reflects our ability to drive operational efficiencies and generate strong cash flows. We continue to make investments aimed at enhancing our capabilities and are leveraging advanced AI-led capabilities, including Agentic AI, across multiple engagements. Our pipeline remains robust and we expect an upswing in deal wins as customer decision-making picks up.”

"Our revenue grew 3.4% quarter-on-quarter to Rs 13,289 million. This was enabled by growth in our BFSI and Lifesciences & Services verticals, that offset some weakness in our Manufacturing vertical. EBITDA margin expanded from 12.4% in the preceding quarter to 16.0% in Q2 FY26. This was a result of improved operational efficiencies, exchange rate tailwinds, and some one-offs. We also maintained our robust track record of collections and cashflow generation, with cash and cash equivalents rising to ?23,434 million by the end of the quarter, up about 3% QoQ and 26% YoY. Our focus continues to be on prioritising operational efficiency, cashflow generation, and prudent capital allocation," said Mr. Chandrasekar Thyagarajan, Chief Financial Officer, Birlasoft.

Key Financial highlights for Q2 FY26

In INR ?

• Revenue at ? 13,289 M, up 3.4% QoQ

• EBITDA ? 2,133 M, EBITDA Margin at 16.0%

• PAT at ? 1,161 M translating to basic EPS (not annualized) of ?4.16

• Adjusted PAT at ? 1,477 M translating to basic EPS (not annualized) of ?5.28

• Cash and cash equivalents rise 2.5% QoQ and 26.1% YoY to ? 23,434 M

Other operating highlights

• Revenue performance during Q2FY26 was led by LSS and BFSI among verticals and by Infra among service lines. - Lifesciences & Services (LSS) up 6.4% and BFSI up 1.8% QoQ in dollar terms, while Manufacturing registered a sequential decline among verticals.

- Infra up 11.2% QoQ.

- Revenue contribution from Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20 customers increased QoQ.

• Signed deals of TCV $ 107 M during the quarter with new deal wins TCV of $ 40 M and renewals of $ 67 M.

• Active Client Count at 239 in Q2FY26 (compared to 247 in Q1FY26 and 261 in Q2FY25), reflecting some tail account rationalisation during Q2FY26.

• Cash & Cash equivalents stood at $ 263.9 M by the end of Q2FY26 versus $ 266.6 M at the end of Q1FY26, reflecting final dividend payout during the quarter under review. In rupee terms, cash and cash equivalents increased to ? 23,434 M at the end of Q2FY26 from ? 22,864 M at the end of the Q1FY26.

• Q2FY26 DSO improved to 55 days from 58 days in Q1FY26.

• Workforce strength stood at 11,892 as on 30th September 2025 and attrition was 13.3% during Q2FY26.

• During Q2FY26, the company achieved AWS DevOps Competency status which differentiates Birlasoft as an AWS Partner with deep expertise and a proven track record in delivering DevOps solutions that help enterprises accelerate application delivery, automate operations, and enhance agility with built-in security and scalability.

• Birlasoft has inducted Mr. Komal Jain, a seasoned IT services industry professional, as CEO?Americas. In this role, he will lead the company's business across the United States, Canada, and Latin America, with a focus on accelerating growth and strengthening client partnerships. He will also shape the company’s innovation agenda and drive strategic investments to further enhance its market leadership.

Key deal wins for the quarter

• Signed a deal with one of the largest agricultural and construction equipment manufacturing companies for their AI-driven supply chain transformation initiative focusing on optimizing warehouse picking operation by integrating AI software with SAP Extended Warehouse Management.

• Won a strategic deal on configuration management of a large Payments, Cards & Banking client’s core banking platform, replacing a global Tier-1 firm as the incumbent partner.

• Won a legacy ERP transformation project for a new multi-billion dollar global manufacturing client based in North America, demonstrating Birlasoft’s strong credentials in the Global ERP Transformation space.

• Signed a 5-year strategic partnership deal with a global player in the Communication/Tech sector to deliver a cutting-edge AI-enabled hyper automation solution to enhance their global application and infrastructure services.

• In the Insurance sector, acquired a new P&C commercial and speciality global client for modernizing and streamlining their finance operations across their global entities.

• Secured a multi-million-dollar engagement with a Fortune 500 industrial manufacturing company to develop Agentic AI-powered solutions that automate ERP conversions.

https://www.birlasoft.com/sites/default/files/resources/downloads/investors/birlasoft-q2-fy-2025-26-results-press-release.pdf

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP)

Our Company

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms.

Business sub-brands

The Capgemini Group's core offer is supported by two specialized sub-brands that enable a full suite of end-to-end solutions for our clients.

Capgemini Invent

Capgemini Invent is our Group's ’s digital innovation, consulting and transformation brand. We bring to life what's next for our clients, by combining strategy, technology, data science and creative design expertise.

Sogeti

Sogeti works closely with its clients at a local level and mobilizes expert teams that create custom solutions from existing and emerging technologies to deliver viable outcomes at speed.

https://www.capgemini.com/our-company/

A History of our Founder, Serge Kampf

It’s 1967 in Grenoble, France: Television broadcasts are in color for the first time. The city is buzzing about the upcoming 1968 Winter Olympics. Inspired by these exciting technological and cultural changes, entrepreneur Serge Kampf decides the time is ripe to launch an IT company. And so began the Capgemini story.

https://www.capgemini.com/company-profile-key-figures/a-history-of-our-founder-serge-kampf/

28/10/2025

Capgemini Q3 2025 revenues

* Q3 2025 revenues of €5,393 million, up +2.9% at constant exchange rates*

* 9M 2025 revenues of €16,500 million, up +1.0% at constant exchange rates

* Updated 2025 financial targets:

Constant currency revenue growth of +2.0% to +2.5% (was -1.0% to +1.0%),

Operating margin of 13.3% to 13.4% (was 13.3% to 13.5%)

Organic free cash flow of around €1.9 billion (unchanged)

Paris, October 28, 2025 – The Capgemini Group reported consolidated revenues of €5,393 million in Q3 2025, up +0.3% year-on-year on a reported basis, and up +2.9% at constant exchange rates*.

Aiman Ezzat, Chief Executive Officer of the Capgemini Group, said: “The Group delivered a strong Q3, better than expected, thanks to the relevance of our AI-powered business and technology partner positioning and the targeted actions initiated a year ago, in a demand environment that is largely unchanged. Revenue growth improved in all regions, with a significant acceleration in North America. Demand continued to be driven by cloud, data and AI, with a strong focus on efficiency and optimization.

We are accelerating the integration of generative AI across our service portfolio to enable clients to achieve tangible business value. Our investments in proprietary platforms, delivery frameworks, and talent – combined with strategic partnerships – position us as a leader in AI. This is reflected in robust deal wins in generative and agentic-AI.

With the acquisition of WNS now complete, we lead in the fast-growing Intelligent Operations market addressing client demand for agentic AI-powered business operations.

On the back of this strong performance, we raise our growth target for 2025 to between +2.0% and +2.5% – as a reminder, this is above the top-end of the growth outlook communicated in February 2025[1] – and narrow our operating margin target to between 13.3% and 13.4%.”

Capgemini generated revenues of €5,393 million in Q3 2025, up +0.3% year-on-year on a reported basis. In an economic environment that remains uncertain, Capgemini continued to benefit from the targeted actions implemented over the last twelve months. As a result, at constant exchange rates, year-on-year revenue growth improved in Q3 in most regions, businesses and sectors, lifting the Group’s revenue growth from +0.7% in Q2 to +2.9% in Q3 2025.

For the first nine months of the year, revenues grew +1.0% at constant exchange rates and were essentially stable at -0.1% on a reported basis.

The overall demand environment remains stable, with clients continuing to invest selectively in initiatives that support operational efficiency and strategic transformation rather than growth-oriented programs. There is consistent interest in technology-led solutions that deliver tangible outcomes with sustained demand for cloud, digital core, data estate modernization and AI/GenAI solutions.

Bookings totaled €5,161 million in Q3 2025, an increase of +1.5% at constant exchange rates, leading to a book-to-bill ratio of 0.96 for the period in line with traditional seasonality.

OPERATIONS BY REGION

At constant exchange rates, revenues in the North America region (28% of 2024 Group revenues) rose +7.0% year-on-year. Growth was driven by the Financial Services and TMT (Telecoms, Media and Technology) sectors as well as the Manufacturing sector, notably in the Life Sciences industry.

Revenues in the United Kingdom and Ireland region (12% of 2024 Group revenues) grew by +9.0%. This robust growth was broad-based, with Financial Services and TMT sectors recording the strongest performance.

Revenues in France (20% of 2024 Group revenues) declined by -4.7%, notably driven by the persisting weakness in the Manufacturing sector.

Revenues in the Rest of Europe region (31% of 2024 Group revenues) decreased by -1.5%. Solid growth in the Public, Consumer Goods & Retail and Financial Services sectors were more than offset by the softness in the Manufacturing and Services sectors.

Finally, revenues in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America region (9% of 2024 Group revenues) increased by +13.6%. Growth was particularly robust across the Financial Services, Manufacturing, Energy & Utilities and TMT sectors.

OPERATIONS BY BUSINESS

At constant exchange rates, total revenues* of Strategy & Transformation services (9% of 2024 Group revenues) were slightly up by +0.7% year-on-year.

Applications & Technology services (62% of 2024 Group revenues and Capgemini’s core business) posted a solid growth of +5.7% of their total revenues.

Lastly, Operations & Engineering (29% of 2024 Group revenues) total revenues increased by +1.3%, with continued strong growth in Business Services.

HEADCOUNT

The Group’s total headcount stands at 354,700 as at September 30, 2025, up +4.7% year-on-year. The offshore workforce stands at 211,800 employees or 60% of the total headcount.

OUTLOOK

The Group’s financial targets for 2025 are updated as follows:

Revenue growth of +2.0% to +2.5% at constant currency (was -1.0% to +1.0%);

Operating margin of 13.3% to 13.4% (was 13.3% to 13.5%);

Organic free cash flow of around €1.9 billion (unchanged).

Following the completion of the acquisition of WNS, the contribution from M&A to revenue growth is now estimated to around 2 points (was around 1 point).

https://www.capgemini.com/news/press-releases/capgemini-q3-2025-revenues/

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE)

Coforge is a leading global IT solutions organization, enabling its clients to transform at the intersect of unparalleled domain expertise and emerging technologies to achieve real-world business impact. A focus on very select industries, a detailed understanding of the underlying processes of those industries and partnerships with leading platforms provides us a distinct vantage. We leverage AI, Cloud and Insight driven technologies, allied with our industry expertise, to transform client businesses into intelligent, high growth enterprises.

Today our proprietary platforms power critical business processes across the Insurance, Financial Services and Travel industries. Our 11,000 technology and process consultants engineer, design, consult, operate and modernize systems across the world.

https://www.coforgetech.com/about-us

24/10/2025

Coforge posts robust Q2FY26, revenue up 8.1% QoQ, EBIT margin expands 251 bps sequentially

* Q2 revenue increases 8.1% QoQ in INR terms

* Q2 EBIT margin at 14%; expands 251 bps QoQ

* $514 Mn TCV order intake during the quarter

* Order Executable at $1.63 Bn, up 26.7% YoY

* Continued momentum on large deals with 5 large deals signed during the quarter

New Delhi and Princeton, New Jersey, October 24, 2025: Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE), a leading global IT solutions and services organization, today announced its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025

Key Financial Highlights

* Revenue: INR 3,986 crore / US$ 462 million * Up 8.1% QoQ in INR terms, 5.9% in CC terms, 4.5% in USD terms

* Up 31.7% YoY in INR terms, 25.7% in CC terms, 26.6% in USD terms

* EBIT margin at 14%, up 251 bps QoQ and 240 bps YoY

* EBITDA: US$ 84 Mn, up 11.5% QoQ and 42% YoY in US$ terms

* EBITDA margin at 18.3%, up 115 bps QoQ and 199 bps YoY

* PAT: INR 376 crores, up 18.4% on a QoQ basis and 86.0% on a YoY basis

The Board has recommended an interim dividend of INR 4/- per share, and the record date for this payout will be October 31, 2025

“The 8.1% sequential INR growth in Q2, a next twelve-month signed order book which is 26.7% higher YoY, a sales execution engine that signed 14 large deals last year and has already closed 10 large deals in the first half of this year, an EBIT margin expansion of 250 bps QoQ, coupled with one of the lowest employee attrition rates across the industry are all pointers to what we believe will be an exceptional fiscal’26. We remain steadfast in our commitment to turning in the ninth consecutive year of sustained and robust growth despite the uncertain macros.” said Sudhir Singh, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, Coforge Ltd

Key Business Highlights

* Order Intake: US$ 514 Mn for the Quarter

* Executable Order Book over next twelve months at $1.63 billion, a 26.7% YoY increase

* Large Deal Momentum: 5 large deals signed this quarter across North America and APAC

* Headcount: stood at 34,896; net addition of 709 sequentially

* Attrition Rate: Maintained at 11.4%, among the lowest in the industry

Recognitions

* ISG positioned Coforge as a Leader in AI-Augmented Workforce Services in ISG’s Future of Work Services 2025 Provider Lens™ Study

* Everest group awarded Coforge the Everest Group Elevate Honor award for the Growth Honor of the year (annual revenue between USD 1 to 5 billion category).

* Avasant positioned Coforge as a Disruptor in Avasant Global Capability Center (GCC) Services 2025 RadarView™

* NelsonHall positioned Coforge as an Innovator in the Employee Workflow Services and the Technology Workflow Services in the NelsonHall’s ServiceNow Services 2025 NEAT.

Partnerships

* Salesforce recognized Coforge as the “Market Expansion Partner of the Year” for year 2025 at the Salesforce Agentforce Partner Summit

* Coforge entered into strategic partnerships with Workato and SnapLogic to expand its Integration and API Management portfolio

Awards

* Coforge was certified as a Great Place To Work® by the Great Place To Work India for the fifth consecutive year

* Coforge was recognized as one of the “Most Preferred Workplaces 2025-26” for the fourth time in a row by Marksmen Daily

* Coforge was declared the Winner of the ‘Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance’ for the year 2025

* The Coforge Public Library in Gurugram was recognized among the ‘Top 3 CSR Projects of the Year’ at the 2025 India CSR Awards, presented by Brand Honchos

https://www.coforge.com/who-we-are/newsroom/press-release/coforge-posts-robust-q2fy26-revenue-up-8.1-qoq-ebit-margin-expands-251-bps-sequentially

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH)

Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world’s leading professional services companies, transforming clients’ business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps many of the best-known organizations in every industry and geography envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses.

Founded in 1994 as a technology development arm of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, we were spun off as an independent company in 1996, and have worked closely with large organizations to help them build stronger businesses ever since. Today, Cognizant specializes in helping some of the world’s most established companies to stay the most loved brands in today’s fast-changing technology landscape by advancing every aspect of how they serve their customers: digitizing their products, services and customer experiences; automating their business processes; and modernizing their technology infrastructures.

Put simply, we help clients get digital done at scale and speed—the scale needed to transform their complex organizations to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities the latest technologies make possible, and the speed expected by their customers, partners and owners.

Organizing our horizontal capabilities into Cognizant Digital Business, Cognizant Digital Operations and Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology, we have made it easier for clients to approach us for solutions they require. Cognizant Digital Business helps clients redesign their business models, reinventing existing businesses and creating new ones by innovating products, services and experiences with digital. Cognizant Digital Operations helps clients reinvent their operating models, achieving hyperagility in core business processes by harnessing automation and intelligent, on-demand platforms and utilities. Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology helps clients refresh their technology models, matching their business’ capabilities with its ambitions by simplifying, modernizing and securing enabling systems. Because today, creating value by leveraging technology is very industry-specific, we continue to deepen our expertise in 20 different industries, including banking and financial services, healthcare, manufacturing and retail. And to help speed clients’ journeys toward becoming digital, we bring our digital capabilities and industry expertise together into horizontal offerings and industry solutions that accelerate the most essential leaps that today’s technology makes possible, and complement those solutions with consulting and services built for the speed of business today.

With headquarters in the U.S. and a rapidly-expanding footprint that extends from India and China to Europe, North America, South America, and the Middle East, we work around the globe—securely, quickly—while collaborating locally with clients, in person and in their local languages.

We consider it our responsibility to make people feel at home in the future, no matter how technologyenabled it becomes. So, we are committed to helping to solve some of humankind’s most difficult challenges in a way that is beneficial and comfortable for people through the work we do, and through investing in training people around the world in the digital skills that will be needed to do that work.

We believe that the opportunity presented by technology has never been greater, and because of that opportunity, Cognizant will continue to be one of the fastest-growing companies in our industry.

https://www.cognizant.com/my/en/about-cognizant

29/10/2025

Cognizant Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results

* Revenue of $5.42 billion increased 7.4% year-over-year or 6.5% in constant currency1, above the high end of our guidance range, and 3.2% sequentially or 2.8% in constant currency, driven by North America and organic growth across all segments

* Operating margin of 16.0% increased 140 basis points year-over-year; Adjusted Operating Margin1 of 16.0% increased 70 basis points year-over-year

* GAAP EPS of $0.56 declined by $0.61 year-over-year and includes the $0.80 impact of a one-time, non-cash income tax expense

* Adjusted EPS1 of $1.39 increased 11% year-over-year

* Trailing 12-month bookings of $27.5 billion increased 5% year-over-year

* Year-to-date $1.5 billion returned to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends; on track to return $2.0 billion in 2025

* 2025 constant currency revenue growth guidance is increased to 6.0% to 6.3%, above our prior guidance range

* 2025 Adjusted Operating Margin guidance is now approximately 15.7%, expansion of 40 basis points year-over-year, the high end of prior guidance range

TEANECK, N.J., Oct. 29, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Cognizant (Nasdaq: CTSH), one of the world's leading professional services companies, today announced its third quarter 2025 financial results.

"Third quarter revenue grew 6.5% year-over-year and 2.8% sequentially in constant currency, representing our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year organic revenue growth and our strongest sequential organic growth since 2022," said Ravi Kumar S, CEO. "We maintained our large deal momentum, signing six large deals in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 16 with 40% growth in large deal TCV year-to-date compared to the same period last year. I am proud of our year-to-date top-tier revenue growth, which is a testament to our differentiated capabilities at the intersection of technology and industry. We believe our three vector AI builder strategy is gaining traction and we expect our early investments in AI-led platforms and IP on the edge will help power growth in the years ahead."

"Third quarter revenue was well above our guidance range with broad-based growth across segments and geographies, including noteworthy performance in North America. Strong execution and cost discipline drove 70 basis points of year-over-year Adjusted Operating margin expansion, robust cash flow and year-to-date Adjusted EPS growth of 11%," said Jatin Dalal, CFO. "We have increased our full-year revenue guidance to 6.0% to 6.3% year-over-year constant currency growth, above our prior range and deployed $1 billion through share repurchases through Q3, underscoring our confidence in our growth strategy."

Bookings

On a trailing-twelve-month basis, bookings increased 5% year-over-year to $27.5 billion, which represented a book-to-bill of approximately 1.3x. Bookings in the third quarter declined 5% year-over-year. Third quarter bookings included six large deals, which are deals with total contract value of $100 million or greater.

Employee Metrics

On a trailing-twelve months basis, Voluntary Attrition - Tech Services was 14.5% for the period ended September 30, 2025, as compared to 15.2% and 14.6% for the periods ended June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, respectively. Total headcount as of September 30, 2025 was 349,800, an increase of 6,000 from June 30, 2025 and 9,700 from September 30, 2024.

Return of Capital to Shareholders

The Company repurchased 6.3 million shares for $450 million during the third quarter under its share repurchase program. Year-to-date, the company has repurchased 13.1 million shares for $994 million under the program. As of September 30, 2025, there was $2.2 billion remaining under the share repurchase authorization. In October 2025, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.31 per share for shareholders of record on November 18, 2025. This dividend will be payable on November 26, 2025.

Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2025 Guidance2

(all growth rates year-over-year)

* Fourth quarter revenue is expected to be $5.27 - $5.33 billion, growth of 3.8% to 4.8%, or 2.5% to 3.5% in constant currency.

* Full-year 2025 revenue is expected to be $21.05 to $21.10 billion, growth of 6.6% to 6.9%, or 6.0% to 6.3% in constant currency.

* Full-year 2025 Adjusted Operating Margin3 is expected to be approximately 15.7%, or 40 basis points of expansion.

* Full-year 2025 Adjusted Diluted EPS3 is expected to be in the range of $5.22 to $5.26.

Select Company, Client and Partnership Announcements

Cognizant is building a portfolio of capabilities combined with deep domain expertise to harness and advance an AI-led future. Cognizant's progress has been accelerated through client agreements, platform enhancements, and partnerships. Recent announcements include:

Client Announcements

* Signed a multi-year agreement with Pearson to enhance Pearson's platforms with generative and agentic AI and help Pearson enhance its products including learner experiences and applications by implementing cloud-native solutions with a microservices architecture, leveraging Cognizant Flowsource™. Additionally, Cognizant aims to use its Agent Foundry and Neuro® SAN solutions to help enhance Pearson's critical business processes.

* Announced an agreement with North Carolina Turnpike Authority (NCTA) to develop and implement a next-generation tolling back-office system. It aims to eliminate the need for traditional toll transponders, allowing drivers to pay tolls directly through automobile infotainment systems. Cognizant's IoT and API development capabilities are expected to be central to enabling a successful proof of concept (POC), laying the foundation for infrastructure-less tolling.

* Announced a contract with AP Pension, one of Denmark's leading life and pension companies. Cognizant will deliver business process outsourcing (BPO) and Robotic Process Automation (RPA) services to AP Pension. By adding additional capacity and expertise, Cognizant will help AP Pension improve efficiency, free up internal resources for strategic tasks, and, at the same time, strengthen the overall customer experience.

* Announced an agreement with SmartestEnergy, a supplier of energy solutions. As SmartestEnergy scales its operations internationally, Cognizant has been selected to deliver an end-to-end Managed Extended Detection & Response (MXDR) service, covering technology, people, and processes. Through ongoing monitoring and threat prevention, Cognizant aims to help SmartestEnergy minimize disruptions, protect sensitive data, and strengthen trust with clients and partners.

Platform Enhancements and Partnerships

* Partnering with Workfabric AI, the company building the context engine for enterprise AI. As part of this initiative, Cognizant will train and equip its context engineers with Workfabric AI's ContextFabric™ platform, which transforms the organizational DNA of enterprises — how their teams work, including their workflows, data, rules, and processes — into actionable context for AI agents.

* Announced an engagement with Temenos, a global banking technology leader, to develop and market Temenos Country Model Bank in Australia. Temenos Country Model Bank is an extension of its core banking platform designed to accelerate go-live for financial institutions. As a preferred partner for Australia, Cognizant aims to accelerate banking innovation in Australia by integrating emerging technologies into Temenos' core banking operations.

* Announced an agreement with Rubrik, a security and AI operations company, to provide Business Resilience-as-a-Service (BRaaS) for mutual customers. The new BRaaS offering combines Rubrik's cyber resilience platform with Cognizant's extensive domain and industry expertise, with the goal of delivering industrialized solutions designed to support client compliance objectives and enhance the business resilience lifecycle for clients.

Select Company Recognition, Announcements, and Analyst Ratings

* Announced its participation in the AI Education Taskforce meeting at the White House, joining senior executives from leading AI companies and officials from the Trump Administration to support a national initiative aimed at expanding AI education across the United States. As part of this collaborative effort, Cognizant was among the first of more than one hundred organizations that pledged to empower America's youth with the skills and knowledge needed to thrive in an AI-driven future.

* "Vibe Coding" event set GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ title. Cognizant assembled the world's largest online generative AI hackathon, producing over 30,600 working prototype projects. Over a ten-day period, over 53,000 Cognizant associates across 40 countries took part in a Vibe Coding event, a global initiative designed to democratize innovation and build AI fluency at scale.

* Introduced Cognizant Enterprise Vibe Coding Blueprint, a suite of services and reusable IP that enables Global 2000 organizations to operationalize AI-assisted coding across technical and non-technical teams, securely and at scale. Cognizant has designed the suite of services for organizations that want to use vibe coding to power innovation and drive culture change.

* Included in World's Best Employers list by Forbes in collaboration with Statista. The World's Best Employers were chosen through an independent survey covering a broad sample of more than 300,000 participants from 50 countries.

https://news.cognizant.com/2025-10-29-Cognizant-Reports-Third-Quarter-2025-Results

Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY)

Overview

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.

With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

https://www.infosys.com/about/pages/index.aspx

Established in 1981, Infosys is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company with more than 228,000 employees. From a capital of US$ 250, we have grown to become a US$ 11.8 billion (FY19 revenues) company with a market capitalization of approximately US$ 47.7 billion.

In our journey of over 37 years, we have catalyzed some of the major changes that have led to India's emergence as the global destination for software services talent. We pioneered the Global Delivery Model and became the first IT Company from India to be listed on NASDAQ. Our employee stock options program created some of India's first salaried millionaires.

https://www.infosys.com/about/Pages/history.aspx

16/10/2025

Results for the Second Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Quarterly revenue crosses $5 bn mark; Second consecutive quarter of strong performance

Revenue growth of 2.2% sequentially in Q2 and 3.3% in H1 in CC; Large deal TCV at $3.1 Bn and FCF at $1.1 Bn

FY26 revenue guidance revised to 2%-3% and margin guidance retained at 20%-22%

Bengaluru, India – October 16, 2025: Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY), a global leader in nextgeneration digital services and consulting, delivered $5,076 million in Q2 revenues, year on year growth of 2.9% and sequential growth of 2.2% in constant currency. Operating margin was at 21.0%. Free cash flow generation was strong at $1.1 billion, 131.1% of net profit. TCV of large deal wins was $3.1 billion, with net new of 67%. Employee headcount increased by 8,203.

H1 revenues grew at 3.3% year over year in constant currency. Operating margin for H1 was at 20.9%.

“We have now delivered two consecutive quarters of strong growth, demonstrating our unique market positioning and client relevance. Strong deal wins, with 67% net new in Q2, reflect our deep understanding of clients’ priorities to deliver value from AI in this environment”, said Salil Parekh, CEO and MD. “Our proactive investments, over the last three years, in embracing an AI-first culture within Infosys has ensured that our people are reskilled to thrive in a human+AI workplace. Infosys Topaz’s differentiated value proposition is unlocking value at scale in every transformation program” he added.

Guidance for FY26:

• Revenue growth of 2%-3% in constant currency

• Operating margin of 20%-22%

Key highlights:

For the quarter ended September 30, 2025

• Revenues in CC terms grew by 2.9% YoY and 2.2% QoQ

• Reported revenues at ?44,490 crore, growth of 8.6% YoY

• Operating margin at 21.0%, decline of 0.1% YoY and growth of 0.2% QoQ

• Basic EPS at ?17.76, growth of 13.1% YoY

• FCF at ?9,677 crore, growth of 38.0% YoY; FCF conversion at 131.2% of net profit

For the six months ended September 30, 2025

• Revenues in CC terms grew by 3.3% YoY

• Reported revenues at ?86,769 crore, growth of 8.1% YoY

• Operating margin at 20.9%, decline of 0.2% YoY

• Basic EPS at ?34.47, growth of 10.9% YoY

• FCF at ?17,210 crore, growth of 6.5% YoY; FCF conversion at 120.4% of net profit

We had robust all-round performance in Q2 - strong growth, resilient margins, very high cash generation and 13.1% EPS growth year on year in rupee terms. We continue to make strategic investments to futureproof the business with a tight focus on execution, amidst high uncertainty”, said Jayesh Sanghrajka, CFO. “In line with our Capital Allocation Policy, we have announced a share buyback for ?18,000 crores during the quarter and an interim dividend of ?23 per share, an increase of 9.5% over last fiscal”, he added.

Client Wins & Testimonials

• Infosys transformed ABN AMRO’s lending process with nCino platform implementation by consolidating multiple legacy systems into a single, unified platform. Hans-Willem Giesen, IT Lead–Credits, ABN AMRO, said, “The transition to the nCino Platform, facilitated by our partners like Infosys, has brought about a significant shift in how we manage our lending process. This solution will improve operational efficiency, enhance our collateral management capabilities, and provide our customers with a faster, more transparent experience. As we look to the future, this platform will be a cornerstone of our continued growth and transformation.”

• Infosys collaborated with Mastercard to offer financial institutions enhanced access to Mastercard Move, its portfolio of money movement capabilities, and thereby scale crossborder payments. Pratik Khowala, EVP and Global Head of Transfer Solutions, Mastercard, said, “Through Mastercard Move’s cutting-edge solutions, we empower individuals and organizations to move money quickly and securely across borders. The strategic collaboration with Infosys provides financial institutions with easy access to these capabilities, enabling them to facilitate fast, secure and reliable cross-border payments for their customers while enhancing control of risk, operations, costs and liquidity for themselves. Together with Infosys, we’re helping financial institutions deliver the seamless digital payments experiences today’s customers expect.”

• Infosys extended its strategic collaboration with Sunrise to accelerate its IT transformation, with a strong focus on data security, operational agility, and future AI integration. Anna Maria Blengino, CIO, Sunrise, said, "Through our strategic collaboration with Infosys, we are consolidating our technology landscape and infusing it with AI, putting enhanced customer experience at the heart of this transition. The Sunrise and Infosys teams are working side by side with a true one-team mindset to design and deliver platforms that are more agile, predictive, and scalable.”

• Infosys announced a joint venture with Telstra, in Australia, by acquiring 75% of the shareholding in Versent Group, a wholly owned subsidiary of Telstra Group, to propel AIenabled cloud and digital solutions for enterprises. Vicki Brady, Chief Executive Officer, Telstra, said, “Our collaboration with Infosys reflects our confidence in the value we can unlock together. Their global scale, deep industry knowledge, and culture of innovation and service excellence will be instrumental in accelerating Versent Group’s growth and impact across the region.”

• Infosys collaborated with RWE AG to drive automated digital workplace transformation and improve operational efficiency. Gülnaz Öne?, Group CIO of RWE, said, “By leveraging modern technologies and aligning them with our sustainability and efficiency goals, we are streamlining operations, empowering our people, and creating value across RWE. Our collaboration with trusted partners like Infosys underscores our commitment to a resilient, agile digital workplace that drives sustainable growth.”

• Infosys collaborated with HanesBrands Inc to unlock hyper productivity and AI-driven efficiency in the digital, business applications, and data landscape. Scott Pleiman, Chief Strategy, Transformation, Analytics and Technology Officer, HanesBrands, said, “As we continue to evolve our operational model, we sought an experienced collaborator with deep domain expertise and advanced capabilities in AI-driven transformation. Infosys’ AIfirst approach and proven ability to scale innovation aligned with our long-term vision for agility, efficiency and customer-centricity.”

• Infosys collaborated with AGCO to deliver IT and HR operations transformation with an efficient and future-ready operational framework for growth. Viren Shah, Chief Digital & Information Officer, AGCO Corporation, said, "At AGCO, we’re committed to delivering excellence in everything we do, always putting Farmers First. Collaborating with Infosys is intended to enable us to create a responsive, streamlined and innovative operational ecosystem within IT and other functions that allows our teams to focus on critical and strategic initiatives that center on the farmer.”

• Uniting Financial Services (UFS), Australia, subscribed to Infosys Finacle’s Digital Banking SaaS suite on AWS cloud, in a move that was completed in less than five months. John McComb, Chief Risk Officer and Acting CEO, Uniting Financial Services, said, “We are delighted to announce the successful go-live of the Finacle platform. Our goal was to modernise our core banking and digital capabilities to enhance the experience for clients. With Infosys Finacle, we have found a long-term technology partner, with the ability to deliver a future-ready platform that meets the needs of our operations today and supports our ambitions for tomorrow in a rapidly evolving financial services landscape.”

• Infosys collaborated with Glion Arena Kobe as their official digital innovation and GX partner to power smart and sustainable entertainment experiences. Jun Shibuya, President and Representative Director, One Bright KOBE Corporation, said, “Glion Kobe Arena is a new landmark commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake. Our vision for the arena is to become a pioneering next-generation entertainment venue, offering spectacular events while operating sustainably. We are happy to announce our agreement with Infosys as our official digital innovation and GX partner. Leveraging Infosys' innovative solutions will help us aggregate data, utilize cloud technologies, explore new revenue opportunities, and deliver a seamless experience for all our fans and visitors.”

https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2/documents/ifrs-inr-press-release.pdf

Kavveri Telecom Products Limited (BSE:590041)

Profile

Kavveri Telecom is a leading telecom products manufacturer, providing world-class, hardware products and solutions for the telecom industry.

Founded in 1991 by a highly innovative team, Kavveri Telecom designs, develops, tests and implements a diverse range of products, from concept to deployment. With over 150 R&D man-years of experience, Kavveri Telecom is uniquely positioned to offer an array of world-class products and solutions to meet all hardware requirements of telecom manufacturers, telecom service providers and telecom users. Kavveri Telecom Products Limited is a company registered under Companies Act 1956 vide CIN L85110KA1996PLC019627. The company had changed its name from Kaveri Telecoms Limited to Kavveri Telecom Products Limited vide fresh certificate of incorporation dated 19.08.2003 issued by ROC Karnataka.

Kavveri Telecom combines expertise with experience to deliver state-of-art products and solutions spanning the wide spectrum of wireless Telecommunications. The diverse range of products manufactured by Kavveri Telecoms includes Antennas, RF Components, Repeaters, TMA/TMB.

The Company also enjoys the stature of being the largest manufacturer of Antennas & RF products in India. With 30,000 Sq. ft. area of R&D manufacturing infrastructure for design, development & production of Microwave Components, RF products and Antennas, Kavveri Telecoms has the capacity of manufacturing over 1,00,000 high quality Antennas & 10,000 RF products per month.

Headquartered in Bangalore, India, with three well-equipped production plants, Kavveri Telecom is geared to meet all telecom hardware needs of clients across the globe. Kavveri Telecom's esteemed clientele include industry giants such as Ericsson, Motorola, Spice, Airtel, BSNL, ISRO, World Space and Airports Authority of India.

http://www.kavveritelecoms.com/

Q1-FY26

For full release, see:

https://kavveridefence.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Quarterly-Results-Q1FY26.pdf

KPIT Technologies Limited (NSE: KPITTECH)

An Independent Software Integration

Partner to Global Automotive Leaders

01 Focused on Automotive & Mobility

02 Worldwide footprint with Direct presence in Germany, Americas, Japan, India, Korea, China

03 Only embedded software company with deep domain expertise across CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electrified) domains

04 Key Strategic clients and alliances in the Mobility ecosystem

KPIT is a global technology company with software solutions that will help mobility leapfrog towards autonomous, clean, smart and connected future. With 6000+ Automobelievers across the globe, specializing in embedded software, AI & Digital solutions, KPIT enables customers accelerate implementation of next generation mobility technologies . With development centers in Europe, Americas, Japan, China, Thailand and India – KPIT works with leaders in mobility and is present where the ecosystem is transforming.

https://www.kpit.com/about/

18/11/2025

KPIT Technologies Reports Q2 FY26 Results: 4.4% Revenue Growth Amid Strategic Acquisitions

Overview

KPIT Technologies, a global automotive software solutions provider, released Q2 FY26 results showing 4.40% year-on-year dollar revenue growth and 21.10% EBITDA margin. The company faced a $65 million revenue reduction due to client deprioritization and solution cannibalization. Strategic moves include Caresoft consolidation and increased stake in N-Dream to 90% for EUR 2.82 million. KPIT anticipates growth recovery in Q4 and reports significant deal wins from European OEMs.

The company's 4.40% year-on-year dollar revenue growth indicates a positive trajectory, despite facing headwinds. The achievement of a 21.10% EBITDA margin suggests efficient cost management and operational effectiveness.

However, KPIT Technologies experienced a significant revenue reduction of $65.00 million due to client deprioritization and solution cannibalization. This highlights the dynamic nature of the automotive technology sector and the need for continuous innovation and client engagement.

Strategic Acquisitions and Investments

KPIT Technologies has been proactive in strengthening its market position through strategic moves:

Caresoft Consolidation: The company completed the consolidation of Caresoft, which may enhance its capabilities in the automotive software domain.

N-Dream Stake Increase: KPIT Technologies increased its stake in N-Dream to 90% for EUR 2.82 million. This investment could potentially expand the company's portfolio and market reach.

These strategic actions demonstrate KPIT's commitment to growth and diversification in the automotive technology space.

Future Outlook

The company appears optimistic about its near-term prospects:

* KPIT Technologies is positioning itself for growth recovery in Q4.

* The company reports meaningful deal wins from European OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers), which could contribute to future revenue streams.

As the automotive industry continues its digital transformation, KPIT Technologies' focus on strategic acquisitions and client wins from major European OEMs may play a crucial role in its future performance. However, the impact of these strategies on the company's financial results remains to be seen in the coming quarters.

https://scanx.trade/stock-market-news/earnings/kpit-technologies-reports-q2-fy26-results-4-4-revenue-growth-amid-strategic-acquisitions/24945778

LTIMindtree Limited (NSE: LTIM)

LTIMindtree is a new kind of technology consulting firm. We help businesses transform – from core to experience – to thrive in the marketplace of the future. With a unique blend of the engineering DNA with the experience DNA, LTIMindtree helps businesses get to the future, faster.

LTIMindtree at a Glance

$ 3.5 Bn +

Revenue

750 +

Clients

90,000 +

Employees

30 +

Countries

https://www.ltimindtree.com/about-us/

16/10/2025

* LTIMindtree Delivers Strong Quarter, Broad-based Growth Across Business

* Revenue growth of 2.4% QoQ in CC

* EBIT margin expands by 160 bps QoQ to 15.9%

* INR revenue crosses 10,000 crores for the quarter

Mumbai, October 16, 2025: LTIMindtree [NSE: LTIM, BSE: 540005], a global technology consulting and digital solutions company, announced its consolidated results today for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025, as approved by its Board of Directors. “Q2FY26 has been a strong quarter for us, marked by broad-based performance across our business. We delivered our second consecutive quarter of growth with margin improvement ahead of plan. We are committed to becoming an AI-centric organization, leveraging our BlueVerse™ ecosystem. Our strategy remains on course, and our results reflect disciplined execution, the depth of our client relationships, and solid progress in our ongoing transformation.”

Venu Lambu, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

Key financial highlights:

Quarter ended September 30, 2025

In USD:

- Revenue at $1,180.1 million (+2.3% Q-o-Q / +4.8% Y-o-Y)

- Revenue in constant currency (+2.4% Q-o-Q / +4.4% Y-o-Y)

- Operating margin (EBIT) at 15.9%, expands by 160 bps Q-o-Q

- Net profit at $156.8 million (+6.6% Q-o-Q / +4.9% Y-o-Y)

In INR:

- Revenue at ?1,03,943 million (+5.6% Q-o-Q / +10.2% Y-o-Y)

- EBIT at ?16,481 million (+17.2% Q-o-Q / +13.0% Y-o-Y)

- Net profit at ?13,812 million (+10.1% Q-o-Q / +10.4% Y-o-Y)

Other highlights:

Clients:

- 749 active clients as of September 30, 2025

- $1 million+ clients increased by 10 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 402

- $5 million+ clients increased by 4 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 158

- $10 million+ clients increased by 5 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 93

- $20 million+ clients increased by 3 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 45

- $50 million+ clients increased by 2 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 14

People:

- 86,447 professionals as of September 30, 2025. Added 2,558 employees in Q2.

- Trailing 12-month attrition was 14.2%

- Utilization (ex-trainees) at 88.1%

Deal Wins

• LTIMindtree secured a large deal with a leading global media and entertainment company to drive its digital transformation and enable an AI-centric delivery model.

• LTIMindtree has been selected as a Strategic Partner by a global financial institution to deliver end-to-end technology and consulting services across all its lines of business, spanning multiple geographies, positioning us as one of their five major service partners.

• LTIMindtree has been selected by a global manufacturer of chemicals to oversee and execute their technology transformation in a rapidly evolving industry landscape. LTIMindtree will deploy its BlueVerse™ tech to drive AI efficiencies and streamlined processes for cost management and rapid innovation.

• LTIMindtree has expanded its strategic partnership with a global hospitality major through a significant, multi-year deal to accelerate their digital and guest loyalty transformation initiatives.

• LTIMindtree has won a contract from the Government of India’s Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) to transform India’s PAN infrastructure. Our recent press release highlights the win in detail.

• LTIMindtree has been chosen as a Strategic Partner by a leading Fintech solution provider to deliver Merchant Certification Services through an automation-first approach.

• LTIMindtree has been chosen by a Europe-based life sciences company to lead a largescale ERP transformation, reimagining all key business processes through an S/4 HANA implementation.

• LTIMindtree expanded its strategic engagement by winning a large deal with a technology major to drive cloud migration for their customers, enabling quicker timeto-market in a cost-effective way.

Partnerships

• LTIMindtree has been named a Leader across all three evaluated quadrants — Snowflake Implementation Services, Snowflake Managed Services, and Snowflake Consulting and Advisory Services — in the ISG Provider Lens™ Snowflake Ecosystem Partners 2025 - U.S.

• LTIMindtree has been recognized as one of the Strategic Global Partners featured in Microsoft’s FY26 Agentic AI Playbook.

• LTIMindtree has signed a Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS and is named as Elite Partner for VMware migrations to drive growth across key industries through targeted solutions in Migration, Modernization, GenAI, and SAP.

• LTIMindtree has launched BlueVerse™ Foundry on AWS Marketplace, enabling customers to discover, purchase, and deploy BlueVerse™ Foundry through their AWS accounts.

• LTIMindtree’s next-gen AI-powered Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) is now available on the AWS Marketplace, offering enterprises a scalable and intelligent customer engagement platform.

• LTIMindtree has partnered with Shopify to set up an AI Commerce Center of Excellence to create industry accelerators.

• LTIMindtree has partnered with Adobe to launch BlueVerse™ CraftStudio, a new-age marketing agency built to help clients maximize and accelerate AI-driven marketing ROI.

https://www.ltimindtree.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/earnings-release-factsheet-q2fy26.pdf?pdf=download

Sonata Software Limited (NSE: SONATSOFTW BSE: 532221)

ABOUT US

Sonata is a global technology company specialising in platform-based digital transformation, supporting businesses to become connected, open, intelligent and scalable. Sonata’s Platformation™ methodology brings together industry expertise, platform technology excellence, design innovation and strategic engagement models to deliver sustained value to customers. A trusted partner of world leaders in the retail, manufacturing, distribution, travel, services and software industries, Sonata’s software portfolio includes the Brick & Click Retail Platform©, Modern Distribution Platform©, Rezopia Digital Travel Platform©, Kartopia E-commerce Platform©, Halosys enterprise development automation Platform©, CTRM Commodity Trading and Risk Management Platform© and KODO - AI Powered Customer Experience (CX) Platform. Sonata’s Platformation approach ensures services built on Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft Azure, AWS, Cloud Engineering and Managed Services deliver on the Platformation promise. As world leaders in digital technologies including IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, Chatbots, Block Chain and Cyber Security, Sonata’s people and systems are nurtured to deliver on our commitment to excellence in business technology solutions.

PLATFORMATION

Platformation: Steering the Digital Agenda and accelerating Enterprise Transformation

While enterprises worldwide are struggling to create a meaningful approach to Digital transformation, modern ‘born digital’ businesses have been successful in create tremendous value and disrupting incumbent business models. It is also evident that ‘Platforms’ are the secret success sauce for Born digital companies. How can traditional enterprises imbibe platform thinking into their digital transformation journey? Can incumbent businesses think like a digital native as part of their digital transformation ?

Platformation is our unique approach to help incumbent businesses achieve their digital transformation mandates. We leverage the power of platforms to help clients create & implement platform based business models. By combining engineering excellence with industry experience, niche horizontal expertise, platform assets& IPs - Sonata helps build open, connected, intelligent and scalable platforms that form the core of modern digital businesses today.

Platformation facilitates interaction between enterprises, consumers andecosystem players thereby unlocking value. This enables swift response to changing customer demands through innovative services/ product propositions creating value to all stakeholders. Couple this with a innovativedesign thinking led approach from steering the digital agenda to execution by leveraging ‘born digital’ ,specialized assets & accelerators – clients can truly accelerate their enterprise transformation irrespective of where they are on their digital journey.

Platformation enables orchestrating the digital ecosystem and execution of digital business processes through a combination of platform characteristics.

As trendsetters in this concept, we believe that platforms are much more than just stacks of technology layers. Building a robust digital platform requires bringing together various technology platforms across Information Systems, Data & Analytics, IoT, ecosystem and customer experience platforms.

Digital platforms built using the Platformation framework embodies and delivers the following capabilities and functionalities:

The technology environment, application build approach, and the IT operations model work together as one system.

Integrated stacks to common standards on the cloud in a high secure environment, with auto scaling.

Applications are designed as micro-services, with multi-device and channel-reach capability, with Big Data, AI, IoT, and Telemetry-enabled functionalities for intelligent contextual transactions which can be easily integrated and orchestrated within this standard environment.

Operations approaches include full automation with continuous development, integration, and deployment capability for fast, flexible feature releases.

In-built operations analytics that help platform self-learning are used to measure, control and optimize system performance.

https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us

13/11/2025

Consolidated PAT grew by 10% QoQ. Declares second interim dividend of ?1.25 per share.

Mumbai, November 13, 2025

Sonata Software [NSE: SONATSOFTW, BSE: 532221], a leading Modernization Engineering Company, today reported its unaudited financial results for the Quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025.

Commenting on the Q2 performance, Mr. Samir Dhir, MD & CEO of Sonata Software, said: “International IT Services reported steady progress during the quarter, consolidated PAT improving by 10% quarter-on-quarter. The business secured a large deal in the healthcare vertical with a leading provider, reaffirming our focus on driving growth through large deals and consistent execution. Our continued strategic investments in Artificial Intelligence are delivering results, with AI-led orders accounting for approximately 10% of the overall order book for the quarter. As clients accelerate AI-enabled modernization to enhance competitiveness, we remain confident in the company’s long-term growth trajectory.”

Mr. Sujit Mohanty, MD & CEO of Sonata Information Technology Limited, added: “We continue to execute on our three-pillar strategy focused on driving growth in the Microsoft SMC sector, expanding our AI-led partnerships with ISVs, and securing large system integration deals. During the quarter, we added new clients across all three pillars, with particularly strong traction in the Microsoft SMC segment. Despite prevailing industry headwinds in certain sectors, our disciplined execution and focused investments continue to position us well for sustained growth.”

Financial Highlights for Q2’26:

International IT Services:

* In USD terms, Q2’26 revenue stood at $82.0 million, growth of 0.2% QoQ and 1% in CC.

* In Rupee terms, Q2’26 revenue stood at ?730.3 crores, growth of 4.3% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 17.3%, 70bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?78.0 crores, growth of 10.3% QoQ

* DSO stood at 68 days in Q2’26, compared to 62 days in Q1’26.

* ROCE stood at 17.8% in Q2’26, compared to 14.7% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 22.6% in Q2’26, compared to 20.9% in Q1’26.

* 6 new customers were added during the quarter.

Domestic Products & Services:

* Revenue for Q2’26 stood at ?1391.3 crores, decline of 38.8% QoQ.

* Gross contribution for Q2’26 stood at ?68.7 crores, growth of 0.3% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 3.3%, 140bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?42.2 crores, growth of 9.3% QoQ.

* DSO stood at 42 days in Q2’26, compared to 63 days in Q1’26.

* ROCE stood at 43.8% in Q2’26, compared to 33.6% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 42.5% in Q2’26, compared to 32.5% in Q1’26.

Consolidated:

* Revenue for Q2’26 stood at ?2,119.3 crores, decline of 28.5% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 8.1%, 280bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?120.2 crores, growth of 10.0% QoQ.

* Cash and cash equivalents (gross) stood at INR 323 Crores.

* Cash and cash equivalents (net) stood at negative ? 280 Crores.

* ROCE stood at 22.1% in Q2’26, compared to 18.5% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 27.1% in Q2’26, compared to 24.0% in Q1’26.

* The Company has declared its second interim dividend for the financial year at ?1.25 per share.

This is in line with the commitment made during the previous earnings call to implement a quarterly interim dividend payout policy starting this year.

About Sonata Software Limited

In today's market, there is a unique duality in technology adoption. On one side, extreme focus on cost containment by clients, and on the other, deep motivation to modernize their Digital storefronts to attract more consumers and B2B customers.

Sonata Software, with $1 Billion Revenue, is the leading AI-led Modernization Engineering company. Our unique Modernization approach through Platformation.AI helps create Efficient and Agile digital businesses to drive intelligent ecosystems of the future. Our bouquet of Modernization Engineering Services cuts across Data, Cloud, Dynamics, Automation, Cyber Security, and around newer technologies like Generative AI, Microsoft Fabric, and other modernization platforms.

Our unique and innovative Responsible-first AI offering Sonata Harmoni.AI is a comprehensive platform powered by GenAI and encompasses a variety of industry solutions, service delivery platforms, and accelerators. It is distinguished by its embedded ethics, privacy, security, and compliance. We enable our clients to leverage AI in three different ways: i) driving efficiencies, ii) driving higher consumer experience/modern sales, and iii) driving innovative business models. We have launched bleeding edge Agentic AI offering – AgentBridge – that enables enterprises to usher in the era of intelligent, scalable AI-driven operations.

Headquartered in Bengaluru, India, Sonata Software has a strong global presence, including key regions North America, UK, Europe, APAC, and ANZ. We are one of the fastest growing IT Services companies and a trusted partner of Fortune 500 companies in Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI); Healthcare and Lifesciences (HLS); Telecom, Media, and Technology (TMT); and Retail, Manufacturing and Distribution (RMD) space.

Sonata Software boasts of a very strong partnership with Microsoft, AWS and many others. We are proud member of Microsoft AI Partner Council and have also achieved AWS Generative AI Competency. Also, we are member of the prestigious Inner Circle for Microsoft Business Applications and Featured and Launch Partner for Microsoft Fabric.

About Sonata Information Technology Limited

Sonata Information Technology Limited, our Domestic Business, partners with Indian enterprise customers in their digital transformation journeys. As a digital transformation partner, it helps enterprises adopt and scale cloud solutions, fostering innovation and growth. It also helps customers in managing & maintaining their Hybrid Cloud Platforms and related enterprise IT security environments.

https://www.sonata-software.com/newsroom/press-release/consolidated-pat-grew-10-qoq-declares-second-interim-dividend-rs125-share

Take Solutions Limited (NSE: TAKE)

TAKE Solutions delivers domain-intensive services in Life Sciences and Supply Chain Management.

In the fast-growing Life Sciences space, TAKE offers clients a unique combination of full-service Clinical, Regulatory and Safety services backed by unique technology expertise. Our range of services span from clinical trials to regulatory submissions to post-marketing safety, all backed by insights derived through proprietary industry networks forums. With a team of leading Life Sciences experts, best-in-class systems and processes, and bespoke, industry-specific technology and analytics, TAKE delivers successful outcomes for clients. Our global roster of clients includes large and small innovator biopharmaceutical companies as well as generics manufacturers.

In Supply Chain Management, TAKE focuses on high-margin niches in engineering services, and supply chain collaboration. Our IP-led approach enables its clients to automate supply chain processes, track, trace & control at item level, mandate supplier compliance, and streamline material & shipment movement, and thus optimize their processes.

With operations spread across North America, Europe, Asia, and South America, TAKE is a Public Company, listed in India on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange. Led by a team of industry stalwarts and domain experts, TAKE has been growing steadily with FY20 revenues touching INR 22,129 Mn (USD 312 Mn).

https://www.takesolutions.com/index.php/about-us

Q1 - FY26

Total Income:

From a reported ?0.04 crores in Q1FY26, a substantial drop from the previous quarter's (Q4FY25) figure, though the exact figure for Q4FY25 is not mentioned in the provided search results.

Total Expenses:

Similarly, expenses also declined significantly, from ?0.95 crores in Q1FY26, also indicating a substantial decrease compared to Q4FY25.

Profit Before Tax:

The company experienced a net loss before tax in Q1FY26, at -?0.91 crores, which is a massive decrease from the previous quarter (Q4FY25).

Tax:

Tax expenses were recorded as ?0.00 crores, which is a 100% decrease from the previous quarter.

For full release, see:

https://www.takesolutions.com/images/financial/Consolidated_Q1_FY26_TSL.pdf

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS)

ABOUT US

Helping Clients Create the Future

TCS combines tech expertise and business intelligence to catalyze change and deliver results.

What We Do

We ensure the highest levels of certainty and satisfaction through a deep-set commitment to our clients, comprehensive industry expertise and a global network of innovation and delivery centers.

Our mission is to help customers achieve their business objectives by providing innovative, best-in-class consulting, IT solutions and services and to make it a joy for all stakeholders to work with us.

We function as a full stakeholder to business, offering a consulting-led approach with an integrated portfolio of technology led solutions that encompass the entire Enterprise value chain. Our Customer-centric Engagement Model defines how we do engage with you, offering specialized services and solutions that meet the distinct needs of your business.

We build bespoke teams around your domain and technology requirements drawn from our talent pool of over 469,261 global professionals including 36.4% women from 147 nationalities. Our domain expertise has been built upon decades of experience working across industries and this knowledge underpins our suite of solutions.

Our organization structure is domain led and empowered to help provide Customers a single window to industry specific solutions. Agile industry units have embedded capabilities to enable rapid responses that provide a competitive edge to our Customers. This is coupled with a unique Global Network Delivery Model™ (GNDM™), spanning 40 global locations, that is today recognized as the benchmark of excellence in technology deployment.

We have made significant investments in Digital platforms and products spanning Technology Products, Horizontal Platforms and Products, Vertical Platforms and Products.

Our Customers

As a strategic partner to our Customers across 10 industries, we help them deliver their business goals and drive technology led transformations.

Our clients across the world have achieved significant business results using our world-class solutions and have recognized us for their efforts: We have been ranked number one for customer satisfaction in Europe’s largest survey of service provider performance. Conducted across 13 countries in Europe by Whitelane Research. This is the third consecutive year that we have topped the customer satisfaction ranking for the IT services industry, with TCS also being rated number one across all nine individual key performance indicators (KPIs).

Our Talent

We operate on a global scale, with diverse talent base of over 469,261 associates (including subsidiaries) representing 147 nationalities, across 46 countries as of 31-Dec-2020. We are one of the largest employers of women with 36.4% women employees.

We have been recognized as a Global Top Employer by the Top Employers Institute - one of eight organizations worldwide to have achieved this status. In its assessment of 1,072 companies worldwide in 2016, the Top Employers Institute rated TCS as an exceptional performer across nine core Human Resources (HR) areas: talent strategy, workforce planning, on-boarding, learning and development, performance management, leadership development, career and succession management, compensation and benefits and company culture.

Today, we are building a hyper-connected organization using internal social platforms to ensure extensive collaboration and engagement among our employees. This acts as a critical driver of competitive advantage among the 82% digital natives in our employee base. Our ability to provide holistic long term careers based on continuous learning driven by our anytime, anywhere, any device digital learning ecosystem helps us attract and develop the best talent. Our ability to create an ‘experience’ for our employees have helped us consistently have the highest retention rates in our industry globally. Learn more about careers and opportunities at TCS.

https://www.tcs.com/about-us

9/10/2025

TCS sets course to become the world’s largest AI-led technology services company

Broad-based growth and disciplined execution delivers strong Q2 performance

Announces strategic investments

New business entity to build world class AI infrastructure - 1 GW capacity AI datacenter in India

Board approves acquisition of ListEngage with deep capabilities in Salesforce

Sustained investments in nurturing AI-first culture and talent - World’s largest ‘Ideate and Build with AI’ Hackathon with 275,000 TCSers

MUMBAI, October 9, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) reported its consolidated financial results according to Ind AS and IFRS, for the quarter ending September 30, 2025. Highlights of the Quarter Ended September 30, 2025

• Revenue at $7,466 million, up 0.6% QoQ, Sequential growth: 0.8% in Constant Currency

• International Revenue grows 0.6% QoQ in Constant Currency

• Broad-based growth across verticals, led by continued momentum in BFSI (+1.1% QoQ CC), TSS (+1.8% QoQ CC)

• Life Sciences and Healthcare (+3.4% QoQ CC), Manufacturing (+1.6% QoQ CC) and CMI (+0.8% QoQ CC) deliver growth amidst industry specific challenges

• Operating Margin at 25.2%; an expansion of 70 bps QoQ

• Net Income at $1,464 million, +3.0% YoY | Net Margin at 19.6%

• Cash flow from Operations at 110.1% of Net Income

• Q2 Total Contract Value (TCV): US$10 billion

• Dividend per share: ? 11| Record date October 15,2025| Payment date November 4,2025

K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, said “I am pleased with our strong Q2 performance. I would like to thank all our employees for their dedication and excellence. We are on a journey to become the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. Our journey is anchored in bold transformation across talent, infrastructure, ecosystem partnerships and customer value. The investments including the building of a world-class AI infrastructure business demonstrate our commitment to this transformation.”

Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director - President and Chief Operating Officer, said “We delivered strong growth momentum led by Data, Cloud and AI powered enterprise transformation. Our customer engagements are focused on rapid value realization to deliver speed, efficiency and growth. TCS' AI Hackathon set a new benchmark – is the largest, most diverse and innovative AI-first culture building initiative. Our new AI and Services Transformation unit will further scale and integrate our efforts.”

Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer, said, “We achieved good growth momentum across all verticals this quarter. Our disciplined execution helped us expand our margins while making strategic investments. We have prioritized wage hikes, building future-ready capabilities and establishing new ecosystem partnerships. Looking ahead, our financial resilience and robust balance sheet will support both internal transformation initiatives and external investments aligned with our aspiration.”

Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief HR Officer, said: “I am honoured to take over this responsibility as we chart our path to becoming the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. I look forward to working with our employees and all stakeholders as we pursue this exciting vision”.

Key Highlights:

• Expanded strategic partnership with Tryg, a leading Scandinavian non-life insurance company that operates in Denmark, Sweden, and Norway. As part of the seven-year $647 million agreement, TCS will partner with Tryg to simplify and standardise operations across its three major markets and drive technological transformation, to accelerate the company’s growth journey.

• A leading global healthcare company is significantly expanding its strategic partnership with TCS through a multi-year multi-hundred-million-dollar contract that aims to accelerate growth and transformation across value-based care, health benefits, pharmacy services, and customer experience. The partnership encompasses a broad scope of services, including AI, cloud solutions, data management, digital services, cybersecurity, enterprise solutions, and innovation. This achievement stands as a testament to TCS's deep domain expertise, AI-led delivery capabilities, and strategic investments in innovation, positioning the company as a trusted transformation and Innovation partner.

• ALDI SOUTH has extended its strategic partnership with TCS to modernize its IT infrastructure and application landscape across continents. As part of this engagement, TCS will deliver its Cloud Operations Solution to drive automation, strengthen cyber resilience, and enhance service delivery while reducing costs and complexity. This long-term collaboration reinforces TCS’s role as ALDI SOUTH’s trusted technology partner, enabling the retailer to build a scalable, adaptive, and futureready enterprise.

• Expanded collaboration with Weatherford International, a multinational oilfield service company headquartered in North America, with a focus on enhancing operational efficiencies across critical domains such as finance, supply chains, and human resources using advanced AI solutions. TCS will leverage its expertise in automation, artificial intelligence, and digital optimization to drive enterprise-wide business transformation initiatives for Weatherford.

• Partnered with NOW Corporation’s telecom arm, to bolster national digital sovereignty, enable financial inclusivity, and build a clean network for the Philippines. Through this Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), TCS commits itself to support the company with capabilities to expand trusted networks, provide sovereign cloud technology and a cyber-defense suite, along with creating robust citizen-centric services.

• Launched a new AI-driven operations center in Mexico City, reiterating the company’s commitment to continue accelerating innovation in Mexico and Latin America. The new office in Mexico City is TCS’ eighth operations center in Mexico where the company has built a workforce of over 11,000 highly skilled associates over the last 22 years.

• Selected by Kesko, a leading Finnish retail group, as its strategic IT partner to spearhead the transformation of its core technology landscape across the Nordics and Baltics. This partnership is set to play a pivotal role in Kesko’s journey to modernize operations, enhance business agility, and support its long-term growth and expansion ambitions in grocery, car, building and technical trades across multiple geographies and sectors.

• Enabled ICICI Lombard to achieve fully automated AWS multi-region Disaster Recovery (DR) switchover. This establishes ICICI Lombard as one of the first insurance companies in India to achieve fully automated multi-region resilience on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.

• Announced a partnership with Unilab, Inc., a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare company in the Philippines, to modernize its core business systems through a strategic cloud migration. This transformation will strengthen Unilab’s digital infrastructure, enhance operational agility, and drive long-term business growth.

• Announced a multi-year partnership with ARN Media, one of Australia’s leading audio-led entertainment companies, to streamline operations, bringing together automation, global delivery optimization, and creating a cloud-first data platform.

• Announced the launch of Chiplet-based System Engineering Services, designed to help semiconductor companies push the boundaries of traditional chip design. By using chiplets (which are small integrated circuits that serve as building blocks of larger chips), TCS is enabling chipmakers to deliver faster, efficient, and more powerful processors at a time when global demand for advanced semiconductors is soaring.

• Announced strategic partnership with The Warehouse Group, largest retailing group in New Zealand, to support the next phase of the retailer’s digital transformation journey. Under the scope of the partnership, TCS will focus on technology modernization and transformation by streamlining and consolidating platforms and maximizing value from existing investments across the end-to-end retail value chain. TCS will support the Group in building the capabilities and services needed to improve performance.

• Selected by a leading Australian bank to transform its Mortgage and Institutional Banking backoffice operations. As part of the engagement, TCS will help the bank improve operational efficiency and elevate experience by embedding advanced AI and GenAI solutions into its core processes. This, combined with intelligent automation and data-driven insights, will enable the bank to speed up decision-making, improve accuracy, and ensure seamless service delivery across the critical banking functions.

• Expanded our strategic partnership with a large U.S. Insurer to help them drive operational stability, optimize cost, and enhance productivity in the infrastructure engineering space. As a part of this multi-year deal, TCS will consolidate multiple infrastructure technology towers across Site Reliability, Database Reliability & Cloud Operations. By adopting a scalable operating model and leveraging advanced software engineering and AI, TCS will also assist in migrating critical application workloads to a new infrastructure. The transformation will not only build reliability in operations but also set Insurer on the path of long-term sustained growth.

• A leading North American enterprise networking company has selected TCS as a partner for AIinfused Application Maintenance and Support across Enterprise functions. As part of the deal, TCS will also expand the Full Stack Observability Lab services to further strengthen end-to-end monitoring. By integrating cognitive automation at the core of IT operations, TCS aims to deliver substantial cost efficiencies and increased business value over the three-year duration of the agreement.

• Expanded strategic partnership with an Australia-based integrated infrastructure services provider for its AI-driven business operations. TCS has been a strategic partner spanning across transformation and managed services programs across Cloud, Infrastructure, Enterprise Solutions. In the quarter gone by, the client further advanced its partnership with TCS for advanced AI platform such as ignio™ and AI WisdomNext, and consultation of ERPs for achieving operational efficiency, resilience and TCO reduction.

• TCS has extended its partnership with a leading US insurer to drive technology and business transformation initiatives, and enable the client’s shift toward an AI-driven future. TCS will provide enhanced support across key areas including Insurance and Retirement, Investment Solutions, Technology, Cybersecurity, Marketing, Actuarial, and Data Management. This extension reaffirms TCS’ role as a trusted transformation partner, committed to delivering innovation, and long-term value.

• TCS has secured a multi-year strategic partnership with a leading UK-based Insurance services provider to transform and manage its digital platforms. TCS will deploy AI based innovative solutions to build an integrated engineering platform to optimize IT Change and Operations. Additionally, Agentic AI-enabled solutions will be delivered across front and back-office functions to enhance operational efficiency and elevate customer experience.

https://www.tcs.com/content/dam/tcs/investor-relations/financial-statements/2025-26/q2/IFRS/Press%20Release%20-%20USD.pdf

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755)

Tech Mahindra represents the connected world, offering innovative and customer-centric information technology experiences, enabling Enterprises, Associates and the Society to Rise™. We are a USD 4.9 billion company with 131,500+ professionals across 90 countries, helping 946 global customers including Fortune 500 companies. Our convergent, digital, design experiences, innovation platforms and reusable assets connect across a number of technologies to deliver tangible business value and experiences to our stakeholders. Tech Mahindra is the highest ranked Non-U.S. company in the Forbes Global Digital 100 list (2018) and in the Forbes Fab 50 companies in Asia (2018).

The Mahindra Group is a USD 20.7 billion federation of companies that enables people to rise through innovative mobility solutions, driving rural prosperity, enhancing urban living, nurturing new businesses and fostering communities. It enjoys a leadership position in utility vehicles, information technology, financial services and vacation ownership in India and is the world’s largest tractor company, by volume. It also enjoys a strong presence in agribusiness, aerospace, commercial vehicles, components, defense, logistics, real estate, renewable energy, speedboats and steel, amongst other businesses. Headquartered in India, Mahindra employs over 2,40,000 people across 100 countries.

https://www.techmahindra.com/company/default.aspx

14/10/2025

Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended September 30, 2025

Tech Mahindra reports EBIT of ? 1,699 Crores, up 32.7% YoY; New deal-wins at USD 816 Mn – YoY growth of 35%; Interim dividend declared at ? 15 per share

Tech Mahindra (NSE: TECHM), (NSE: TECHM), a leading global provider of technology consulting and digital solutions to enterprises across industries announced the audited consolidated financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.

Financial highlights for the quarter (USD)

* Revenue USD 1,586 mn;

* up 1.4% QoQ, down 0.2% YoY in reported terms

* up 1.6% QoQ, down by 0.3% YoY in constant currency terms

* EBIT USD 192 mn; up 11.5% QoQ, up 25.6% YoY

* EBIT Margin 12.1%, up 108 bps QoQ, up 254 bps YoY

* Profit After Tax (PAT) USD 135 mn; up 1.5% QoQ; Operational PAT* up 28.2% YoY

* Profit After Tax (PAT) Margin 8.5%, flat QoQ, Operational PAT* margin up 188 bps YoY

* Free cash flow USD 237 mn

* New deal wins TCV USD 816 mn

Financial highlights for the quarter (?)

* Revenue ? 13,995 crores; up 4.8% QoQ, up 5.1% YoY

* EBIT ? 1,699 crores; up 15.0% QoQ, up 32.7% YoY

* Consolidated PAT ? 1,195 crores; up 4.7% QoQ; Operational PAT* up 35.5% YoY

* Diluted Earnings per share (EPS) at ? 13.46

Other Highlights

* Total headcount at 152,714; down 1,559 YoY

* LTM IT attrition at 12.8%

* Days of Sales Outstanding 94 days; flat YoY

* Cash and Cash Equivalent at the end of the quarter ? 7,287 crores

* Interim dividend declared ? 15 per share

*Excludes exceptional item of land sale proceeds in Q2'25

Mohit Joshi, CEO and Managing Director, Tech Mahindra, said, “We delivered broad-based growth this quarter, reflecting the strength of our strategy and execution. We launched TechM Orion, our next-generation AI platform, and TechM Orion Marketplace to help enterprise accelerate autonomous transformation. Being recognized by industry analysts reinforces our leadership in advancing next-generation AI.”

Rohit Anand, Chief Financial Officer, Tech Mahindra, said, “This quarter marks the eighth consecutive period of margin expansion, driven by operational efficiency and disciplined execution. Our deal TCV is up 57% year-on-year on LTM basis, supported by strong deal conversions. The Board has approved a dividend of ?15 per share reflecting our continued focus on shareholder value.”

Key Deal Wins

* Selected by a leading European telecom operator as a strategic partner to accelerate its enterprise-wide Autonomous Operations journey. Through this engagement, Tech Mahindra will consolidate and transform the customer’s ecosystem, delivering an AI and automation-led landscape that accelerates the realisation of their vision for Autonomous Operations.

* Selected by a global logistics leader as a strategic partner with multi-year framework agreement to drive AI led efficiency and transition to Productized IT organization - transitioning from manual, high-touch operations to an AI-driven, automated, and self-service enabled global desk.

* Selected by a leading semiconductor equipment manufacturer to spearhead the enterprise application transformation across SAP, Data & Analytics, AI and ADMS - advancing automation, resilience, scalability across core business platforms.

* Selected by a leading life and health insurer in Asia-Pacific region for a multi-year Application Management Services (AMS) engagement, modernizing core and digital platforms through AI-led automation and cloud first transformation to enhance operational efficiency and scalability.

* Selected by a leading European fintech and HR solutions provider with operations across multiple countries to establish a new offshore delivery center in India. The engagement focuses on driving the development of next-generation applications with the setup of a GCC under Built-Operate-Transfer (BOT) model - strengthening the client's global delivery capabilities and future ready operations.

* Partnered with a leading US based telecom operator to advance its network testing and certification automation and optimization initiatives under its long-term transformation vision. The engagement focuses on accelerating network testing and certification through a homegrown automation platform, leveraging our delivery excellence and agility to drive greater efficiency, scalability, and innovation across operations.

Business Highlights

* Recognized by the Government of India as a key player in the prestigious Indian AI Mission, aligning with country's objectives to bolster leadership in AI, foster technological self-reliance, and ensure the ethical and responsible use of AI.

* Launched TechM Orion, a Next-Gen agentic AI platform, enabling global enterprises to deploy and manage Agentic AI solutions faster, whether in assisted or fully autonomous environments, while maintaining control and transparency throughout the AI lifecycle.

* TechM Orion Marketplace, an Agentic AI marketplace that offers a robust ecosystem of intelligent, autonomous and action-oriented AI agents, engineered to centralize AI governance, reduce the cognitive load on employees.

* 300+ AI Agents at Scale: TechM's Agentic AI portfolio powers hybrid workforces across industries.

* 79K+ employees across the company trained in AI, several of these with advance training and certifications.

* Tech Mahindra has partnered with NVIDIA to accelerate enterprise AI transformation. Combining NVIDIA's accelerated computing stack with Tech Mahindra's integration expertise, the collaboration enables autonomous operations, faster decision-making, measurable business impact, and scalable AI adoption across industries.

* Tech Mahindra and AMD have entered a multi-year collaboration to accelerate AI adoption and hybrid cloud transformation across global enterprises. By integrating AMD's high-performance compute infrastructure with Tech Mahindra's Cloud BlazeTech, the partnership aims to optimize workloads and deliver scalable, secure, and efficient solutions across industries.

* Tech Mahindra has joined J.P. Morgan Payments' System Integrator Program to help global enterprises modernize payment infrastructure and enhance customer experiences. Leveraging its ERP and SAP expertise, Tech Mahindra will support real-time tracking, AI-powered dashboards, and global deployment of next-gen payment solutions.

Awards and Recognitions

* Received the 2025 Entrepreneur India Award for Entrepreneur of the Year in Service Business – SaaS & IT.

* Won 5 Gold medals at the Brandon Hall HCM Excellence Awards 2025 – Talent Management, Human Resources, Learning & Development and Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging.

* Awarded the ‘HYSEA Sustainable Development Award 2025’ reaffirming innovative and impactful initiatives in the category of Environment.

* Recognized as one of the ‘Most Trusted Companies’ at VAR India Most Trusted Companies 2025.

* Recognized as one of the ‘Best Tech Brands’ at ET NOW Best Tech Brands for 2025.

Analyst Ratings & Recognitions

* Recognized as an Emerging Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Emerging Market Quadrant for Generative AI Consulting and Implementation Services

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Consulting and Advisory Services- US by ISG

* Leader - Application Development Services for AI Applications PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader- Application Transformation Services for AI-enablement PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Development Outsourcing- APAC by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Managed Services- APAC and Global Sis Brazil by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Quality Assurance- APAC and Brazil by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Continuous Testing Specialists- US by ISG

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Implementation and Integration Services – US by ISG

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Managed Services for Converged IT and Business Ops- US by ISG

* Leader - 5G Network Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - 5G Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Recognized with the 2025 Asia-Pacific Technology Innovation Leadership Award in Business Process Management by Frost & Sullivan.

* Horizon 3 – Market Leaders - Digital Marketing and Sales Services Capabilities, 2025 by HFS

* Leader - VMware Ecosystem 2025-Build and Modernize IT Foundations- Global by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Professional Services- US and APAC by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Managed Services- U.K, US, and APAC by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Enterprise Data Modernization and AI Services- U.K and US by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS SAP Workloads - U.K and US by ISG

* Emerging Leader - Talent Readiness for Next-generation Cloud Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Gartner

* Leader - Talent Readiness for Next-generation Cloud Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - Contact Center - Customer Experience Services 2025 -Digital Operations Global and Australia by ISG

* Leader - Contact Center - Customer Experience Services 2025 -Intelligent Operations- Australia by ISG

* Leader - Future of Work Services 2025-Managed End-user Technology Services - Mid Market- US by ISG

https://www.techmahindra.com/insights/press-releases/techmahindra-q2-fy26-results/

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU)

Corporate Profile

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU) is a global provider of Digital Business Transformation, Digital Engineering, and Information Technology (IT) outsourcing services that accelerate our clients’ journey to their Digital Future. Virtusa serves Global 2000 companies in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Telecommunications, Media, Entertainment, Travel, Manufacturing, and Technology industries.

Using a combination of digital strategy, digital engineering, business implementation, and IT platform modernization services, Virtusa helps clients execute successful end-to-end digital business transformation initiatives.

Virtusa engages its clients to re-imagine their business models and develop strategies to defend and grow their business by introducing innovative products and services, developing distinctive digital consumer experiences, creating operational efficiency using digital labor, developing operational and IT platforms for the future, and rationalizing and modernizing their existing IT applications infrastructure. As a result, its clients are simultaneously able to drive business growth through digital-first customer experiences, while also consolidating and modernizing their IT application infrastructure to support digital business transformation.

Holding a proven record of success across industries, Virtusa readily understands its clients' business challenges and uses its domain expertise to deliver innovative applications of technology to address its clients’ critical business challenges. Examples include building the world's largest property & casualty claims modernization program; one of the largest corporate customer portals for a premier global bank; an order to cash implementation for a multinational telecommunications provider; and digital transformation initiatives for media and banking companies.

Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Massachusetts, Virtusa has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia.

https://www.virtusa.com/investors/

Requesting financial reports

On December 17, 2020, Virtusa Corporation (the “Company”) and Virtusa HoldCo, Inc. issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior notes due 2028 and on February 15, 2022, the Company and Virtusa HoldCo, Inc. issued an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior noted due 2028 (collectively, the “notes”) in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Company will make annual, quarterly and interim reports available in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the notes. The reports will be made available only to holders of the notes, prospective investors of the notes, securities analysts and market makers that, in each case, have returned an executed “Request for Information and Confidentially Agreement” available here. Any person requesting access to such reports is required to (i) keep confidential and not disclose or reveal such reports (and the information contained therein) and (ii) not use such reports and the information contained therein for any purpose other than their evaluation of their investment in the notes.

https://www.virtusa.com/investors

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO)

Overview

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 200,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.

https://www.wipro.com/about-us/

16/10/2025

Wipro announces results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Large deal booking at $2.9Bn, grew 90.5% YoY, overall deal bookings at $4.7Bn

Revenue grew 0.3% QoQ in CC terms; Net income growth of 1.2% YoY

Q2’26 adjusted operating margin at 17.2%, expands 0.4% YoY

Operating cash flows at 103.8% of net income EAST

BRUNSWICK, N.J. | BANGALORE, India – October 16, 2025: Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO), a leading technology services and consulting company, announced financial results under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.

Highlights of the Results

Results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025:

* Gross revenue at ?227.0 billion ($2,556.6 million1), increase of 2.5% QoQ and 1.8% YoY.

* IT services segment revenue was at $2,604.3 million, increase of 0.7% QoQ and decrease of 2.1% YoY.

* Non-GAAP2 constant currency IT Services segment revenue increased 0.3% QoQ and decreased 2.6% YoY.

* Total bookings3 was at $4,688 million, down by 6.1% QoQ and up by 30.9% YoY in constant currency2. Large deal bookings4 was at $2,853 million, an increase of 6.7% QoQ and 90.5% YoY in constant currency2.

* IT services operating margin5 for Q2’26 was 16.7%, impacted by a provision of ?1,165 million ($13.1 million1) made with respect to bankruptcy of a customer. Adjusted for this event, IT Services Margin for the quarter was 17.2%, contraction of 0.1% QoQ and expansion of 0.4% YoY.

* Net income for the quarter was at ?32.5 billion ($365.6 million1), decrease of 2.5% QoQ and increase of 1.2% YoY. 7. Earnings per share for the quarter at ?3.1 ($0.031), decrease of 2.5% QoQ and increase of 1.0% YoY.

8. Operating cash flows of ?33.9 billion ($381.5 million1), decrease of 17.6% QoQ and 20.7% YoY and at 103.8% of Net Income for the quarter.

9. Voluntary attrition was at 14.9% on a trailing 12-month basis.

Outlook for the Quarter ending December 31, 2025

We expect revenue from our IT Services business segment to be in the range of $2,591 million to $2,644 million*. This translates to sequential guidance of (-)0.5% to (+)1.5% in constant currency terms. The guidance stated above does not include any expected revenue from the recently announced acquisition of Harman Digital Transformation Solutions.

*Outlook for the Quarter ending December 31, 2025, is based on the following exchange rates: GBP/USD at 1.35, Euro/USD at 1.16, AUD/USD at 0.65, USD/INR at 87.21 and CAD/USD at 0.72

Performance for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Srini Pallia, CEO and Managing Director, said “Our revenue momentum is strengthening, with Europe and APMEA returning to growth, and our operating margins holding steady within the narrow band. Bookings surpassed $9.5 billion for H1 FY26. Our strategy is clear: remain resilient, adapt to global shifts, and lead with AI. I am excited to bring Wipro Intelligence™ to our clients, helping them scale confidently and shape the future in an AI-first world.”

Aparna Iyer, Chief Financial Officer, said “We are gradually returning to growth trajectory with three of our four SMUs growing sequentially in Q2. All key financial parameters continue to remain strong. Our large deal bookings in the first two quarters have now surpassed the large deal booking for full year FY’25. Our adjusted margins for Q2 expanded by 0.4% YoY. EPS for the quarter grew 1% YoY. Lastly, our cash flow conversion continues to remain strong with operating cash flow at 104% of our net income for Q2.”

IT Products

1. IT Products segment revenue for the quarter was ?1.1 billion ($12.7 million1)

2. IT Products segment results for the quarter were ?0.1 billion ($1.1 million1)

For full release, see:

https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2fy26/press-release-q2fy26.pdf

Document ACQIND0020260107em170000g


 The Business Year: Costa Rica 2026 No. of pages: 240
TBY Publications, 7 January 2026, 112709 words, (English)
Diplomacy & Economy ? Free Zones & Foreign Trade ? Finance ? InsuranceIT & Telecoms ? Real Estate & Construction ? Tourism ? IndustryGreen Energy ? Agriculture ? Transport & Logistics ? Health ? EducationCosta Rica2026Diplomacy & Economy ? ...



CE Noticias Financieras English
The possibility of U.S. intervention in Mexico is very remote: Sheinbaum

946 words
6 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City - President Claudia Sheinbaum said that Mexico can never agree with the intervention of the United States in Venezuela, "it is a matter of sovereignty of the people of Venezuela, as it is of Mexico. That cannot be approved. Beyond this person's opinion, it is a matter of all Mexicans".

In a new reference to the US military intervention in Venezuela, Sheinbaum considered that it is very important, even in the midst of "all the propaganda there has been against Venezuela or for those who do not agree with Maduro's regime and chavismo. That is one thing and another thing is for a power, a country to use force to take away a president."

Sheinbaum vindicated the foreign policy, which is a national pride, she said, which establishes non-intervention, which is a huge value of Mexican foreign policy. Mexico defends, as a constitutional obligation, the peaceful settlement of disputes, proscription of the threat and use of force in international relations; the legal equality of States, regardless of the size of the countries and their economies.

-Yesterday was the first hearing of Maduro who declared himself as president in force of Venezuela and prisoner of war?

-President Maduro's position is very interesting. Beyond this idea that AMLO has been told since 2006, that Mexico is going like Venezuela, that the 4T is Chavism. The Mexican model, Mexican humanism arises from our own history, from the greatness and the history of independence was built with the thinking of the people of Mexico, for liberties, against electoral frauds and social rights. Our model is here. We defend freedom of expression, freedom of assembly. Here no one is arrested for their ideas. On the contrary, there is public debate in accordance with freedoms.

When asked again about the risk of an eventual U.S. intervention in Mexico, he ratified that we do not agree with interventionism but with cooperation.

It is a matter of sovereignty, of the defense of national sovereignty, but it would serve no purpose (an intervention) to eradicate violence, to diminish this violence; that there be no drug trafficking and violence related to it. Our strategy is based on two axes: that crime is not an option for life, but for death, it does not lead you to anything, it is not an option for life. The State must provide options. Hope and vision for the future. Zero impunity.

Later, in reference to the legal process against Maduro, he said that regardless of whether the accusations made against Maduro have merit, what is required is a fair trial and a speedy process. On the other hand, he commented that he has not yet had any communication with the acting Venezuelan President Delcy Rodríguez.

Very distant possibility

In response to the insistence on an eventual U.S. intervention in national territory, Sheinbaum considered it as a very distant possibility. She stressed that Mexico has a good relationship and there is a fluid dialogue between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ("which, by the way, Juan Ramón de la Fuente has already returned as head of the Foreign Ministry") and the State Department; between the Ministries of National Defense and the Navy with the Southern Command.

Mexico has always expressed its willingness to collaborate and cooperate within a framework of shared responsibility. That is why, in the face of these threats of intervention, we are not going to call for a security plan, no, because what we need to do is to strengthen dialogue on the basis of our principles, but always seeking agreement.

So far there has been very good communication. Dialogue does not mean that we agree with everything. It's not a matter of being omissive. Faced with a statement from Trump (about doing more with Mexico), more communication is required.

However, he said that if the United States says that more needs to be done in Mexico, Mexico also believes that they should do more.

While recently there have been seizures of weapons in the United States, we believe that they should do more on this issue because finally the criminal groups, organized crime, have to see it because in Mexico the sale of weapons is prohibited. There should be more control and in the same way in what they have to do in the prosecution of crimes in the United States.

It is clear that Mexico has to do more but also on the other side, in pursuing those who distribute drugs in its territory or sanction money laundering in the United States. Mexico does its part but what happens in the United States when it enters there, how it is distributed, how it is sold, how the money is laundered there. We have mentioned this while talking about Mexico's responsibilities, but there is also responsibility on the other side.

He questioned the position of the opposition political parties regarding the US intervention in Venezuela because they may be against the government of Mexico but they cannot agree with this intervention which also does not lead to anything. He even assured that for those who are looking for an intervention in Mexico "let them see Venezuela. What happened with the Venezuelan opposition? What did the United States do with the Venezuelan opposition? Without having an opinion, it pushed it aside."

He stressed that "in Mexico we do not need anyone from abroad. It is great that there are international relations, that foreign investment comes, that there is collaboration with many countries in the world but from there to interference." There is a distance.

Document NFINCE0020260106em16007f4




Gobierno Federal de Mexico - Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 06, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 06, 2026 at 15:56 UTC. 
28,748 words
6 January 2026
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2026. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Table of Contents

Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)

Registration No. 333-289967

                                                            
Prospectus SupplementTo Prospectus dated August 29, 2025    


United Mexican States

U.S.$3,000,000,000 5.625% Global Notes due 2034

U.S.$4,000,000,000 6.125% Global Notes due 2038

U.S.$2,000,000,000 6.750% Global Notes due 2056

The 5.625% Global Notes due 2034 (the "2034 notes") will mature on February 9, 2034. The 6.125% Global Notes due 2038 (the "2038 notes") will mature on February 9, 2038. The 6.750% Global Notes due 2056 (the "2056 notes") will mature on February 9, 2056. We refer to the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes collectively as the "notes." Mexico will pay interest on the notes on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing August 9, 2026. Mexico may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, before maturity on the terms described herein. The notes will not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking or similar fund. The offering of each series of notes pursuant to this prospectus supplement is independent of each offering of the other series of notes, and they are not conditioned on each other.

The notes will be issued under an indenture, and each of the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes constitutes a separate series under the indenture. The indenture contains provisions regarding future modifications to the terms of the notes that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Under these provisions, which are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, Mexico may amend the payment provisions of the notes and other reserved matters listed in the indenture with the consent of the holders of: (1) with respect to a single series of notes, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of such series; (2) with respect to two or more series of notes, if certain "uniformly applicable" requirements are met, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate; or (3) with respect to two or more series of notes, more than 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate, and more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series affected by the proposed modification, taken individually.

Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF"). No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained.

The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR").

Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) Notification.

The notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined whether this prospectus supplement or the related prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the National Securities Registry ( Registro Nacional de Valores ) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission ( Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores , or "CNBV"), and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors that qualify as accredited or institutional investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law ( Ley del Mercado de Valores ) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

                                                                                                                                                                                 
                            Price to Public(1)                     Underwriting Discount                       Proceeds to Mexico,before expenses(1)   
Per 2034 note                                    99.646%                                           0.150%                                                        99.496%         
Total for the 2034 notes    U.S.$                2,989,380,000                             U.S.$   4,500,000                                             U.S.$   2,984,880,000   
Per 2038 note                                    99.603%                                           0.170%                                                        99.433%         
Total for the 2038 notes    U.S.$                3,984,120,000                             U.S.$   6,800,000                                             U.S.$   3,977,320,000   
Per 2056 note                                    98.521%                                           0.190%                                                        98.331%         
Total for the 2056 notes    U.S.$                1,970,420,000                             U.S.$   3,800,000                                             U.S.$   1,966,620,000   


(1)

Plus accrued interest, if any, from January 9, 2026 to the date of settlement, which is expected to be January 9, 2026.

The notes will be ready for delivery in book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") against payment on or about January 9, 2026.

Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

Joint Bookrunners

                                                                      
Barclays     Deutsche Bank Securities     HSBC     Morgan Stanley     Scotiabank 


January 5, 2026

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                  
Prospectus Supplement                             
                                  
                                    Page   
About this Prospectus Supplement           S-2    
Forward-Looking Statements                 S-4    
Summary                                    S-5    
Risk Factors                               S-11   
Use of Proceeds                            S-12   
Description of the Notes                   S-13   
Taxation                                   S-21   
Recent Developments                        S-22   
Plan of Distribution                       S-49   


                                                   
Prospectus                                         
                                     
                                       Page   
About this Prospectus                         1    
Forward-Looking Statements                    3    
Use of Proceeds                               4    
Risk Factors                                  5    
Description of the Securities                 10   
Taxation                                      25   
Plan of Distribution                          33   
Official Statements                           34   
Validity of the Securities                    35   
Authorized Representative                     36   
Where You Can Find More Information           36   


Mexico is a foreign sovereign state. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors to obtain or realize upon judgments of courts in the United States against Mexico. See "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-1

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

This prospectus supplement supplements the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, relating to Mexico's debt securities and warrants. If the information in this prospectus supplement differs from the information contained in the prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement.

You should read this prospectus supplement along with the corresponding prospectus. Both documents contain information you should consider when making your investment decision. Mexico is responsible for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and in any related free-writing prospectus or prospectus supplement that Mexico prepares or authorizes. Mexico has not authorized anyone else to provide you with any other information and takes no responsibility for any other information that others may give you. Mexico and the underwriters are offering to sell the notes and seeking offers to buy the notes only in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is current only as of the dates of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, respectively.

Mexico is furnishing this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus solely for use by prospective investors in connection with their consideration of a purchase of the notes. Mexico confirms that:

•

the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is true and correct in all material respects and is not misleading;

•

it has not omitted other facts the omission of which makes this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus as a whole misleading; and

•

it accepts responsibility for the information it has provided in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus.

This prospectus supplement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Mexico and the underwriters do not represent that this prospectus supplement may be lawfully distributed, or that any notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by Mexico or the underwriters which would permit a public offering of the notes or distribution of this prospectus supplement in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than the United States of America. Accordingly, no notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this prospectus supplement nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the underwriters have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this prospectus supplement comes are required by Mexico and the underwriters to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay, see the sections entitled "Plan of Distribution" in this prospectus supplement and "Plan of Distribution" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-2

Table of Contents

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

This prospectus supplement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"), or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.

S-3

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This prospectus supplement may contain forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Mexico's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Mexico undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Mexico cautions you that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:

•

Adverse external factors, such as high international interest rates, low oil prices, measures restricting exports and imports, a prevailing global inflationary environment and recession or low growth in Mexico's trading partners. High international interest rates could increase Mexico's expenditures, low oil prices could decrease the Mexican Government's revenues and recession or low growth in Mexico's main trading partners or restrictions on trade could lead to fewer exports and availability of foreign currencies to service debt. A combination of these factors could negatively affect Mexico's current account.

•

Instability or volatility in the international financial markets. This could lead to domestic volatility, making it more complicated for the Mexican Government to achieve its macroeconomic goals. This could also lead to declines in foreign investment inflows, including portfolio investment in particular.

•

Adverse domestic factors, such as the implementation of legislation impacting foreign investment, domestic inflation, high domestic interest rates, exchange rate volatility and political uncertainty. Each of these could lead to lower growth in Mexico, declines in foreign direct and portfolio investment and potentially lower international reserves.

•

Global or national health considerations, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as the coronavirus pandemic.

S-4

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus. It does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement.

Issuer The United Mexican States Issue Date January 9, 2026 Specified Currency U.S. dollars (U.S.$) Authorized Denominations U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof Form Registered; Book-Entry through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream. Regular Record Date Close of business on the Business Day preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date Status The notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged. The notes of each series rank and will rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico. It is understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness. 2034 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount U.S.$3,000,000,000 Issue Price 99.646%, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 9, 2026 Maturity Date February 9, 2034 Interest Rate 5.625% per annum, accruing from January 9, 2026 Interest Payment Date Semi-annually on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing on August 9, 2026

S-5

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Prior to December 9, 2033 (two months prior to their maturity date) (the "2034 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2034 notes matured on the 2034 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2034 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico as described below under "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2034 notes."

2038 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount U.S.$4,000,000,000 Issue Price 99.603%, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 9, 2026 Maturity Date February 9, 2038 Interest Rate 6.125% per annum, accruing from January 9, 2026 Interest Payment Date Semi-annually on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing on August 9, 2026

S-6

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Prior to November 9, 2037 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the "2038 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2038 notes matured on the 2038 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2038 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico as described below under "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2038 notes."

2056 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount U.S.$2,000,000,000 Issue Price 98.521%, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 9, 2026 Maturity Date February 9, 2056 Interest Rate 6.750% per annum, accruing from January 9, 2026 Interest Payment Date Semi-annually on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing on August 9, 2026

S-7

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Prior to August 9, 2055 (six months prior to their maturity date) (the "2056 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2056 notes matured on the 2056 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2056 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico as described below under "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2056 notes."

Optional Repayment Holders of the notes will not have the option to elect repayment by Mexico before the maturity dates of the notes. Use of Proceeds

Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico.

For further information, see "Use of Proceeds."

Underwriters

Barclays Capital Inc.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

Listing Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has allocated to Mexico the number 2395 for listing purposes. The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or UK MiFIR. No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained. Luxembourg Stock Exchange Legal Entity Identifier 254900EGTWEU67VP6075

S-8

Table of Contents

Securities Codes 2034 notes:

ISIN: US91087BBQ23

CUSIP: 91087B BQ2

2038 notes:

ISIN: US91087BBR06

CUSIP: 91087B BR0

2056 notes:

ISIN: US91087BBS88

CUSIP: 91087B BS8

Trustee, Principal Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

Luxembourg Listing Agent

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts Subject to certain exceptions, Mexico will make all payments on the notes without withholding or deducting any Mexican taxes. Under Mexican law, Mexico is not required to make any such withholding or deduction. For further information, see "Description of the Securities-Additional Amounts" in the corresponding prospectus. Taxation Payments of principal or interest under the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes made to holders of such notes that are non-resident of Mexico for tax purposes will not be subject to Mexican withholding or similar taxes. Further Issues Mexico may from time to time, without the consent of holders of each series of notes, as the case may be, increase the size of the issue of the notes, or issue additional notes of such series having the same terms and conditions as the notes of such series in all respects, except for the issue date, issue price and first payment on those additional notes. Additional notes issued in this manner will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously outstanding notes of such series. Any additional notes subsequently issued that for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) are not issued pursuant to a "qualified reopening" of the notes, (ii) are not treated as part of the same "issue" as the notes, and (iii) are not issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount shall have a separate CUSIP, ISIN, common code or other identifying number from the previously outstanding notes of such series.

S-9

Table of Contents

Payment of Principal and Interest Principal of and interest on the notes will be payable by Mexico to the Principal Paying Agent in U.S. dollars. Governing Law New York; provided, however, that all matters governing Mexico's authorization and execution of the indenture and the notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Mexico. Notwithstanding any authorization or any reserved matter modification, all matters related to the consent of holders and to modifications of the indenture or the notes will always be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Additional Provisions The notes will contain provisions regarding future modifications to their terms that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Those provisions are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025. Stabilization In connection with the issuance of each series of notes, the underwriters or any person acting for the underwriters may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of each series of notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the issue date. However, there is no obligation of any of the underwriters or any agent of the underwriters to do this. Any such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period.

S-10

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors supplement the information contained under "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus. You should consult your financial and legal advisors about the risks of investing in the notes and the suitability of your investment in light of your particular situation. Mexico disclaims any responsibility for advising you on these matters.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will improve or remain stable, or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled by the rating agencies.

Mexico's long-term public external indebtedness is currently rated investment grade by the three leading rating agencies. On November 14, 2024, Moody's affirmed its Baa2 rating and revised its outlook to negative. On April 16, 2025, Fitch affirmed its BBB- rating with a stable outlook. On September 8, 2025, S&P reaffirmed its BBB rating with a stable outlook.

Ratings address the creditworthiness of Mexico and the likelihood of timely payment of Mexico's long-term debt securities. Ratings are not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell securities and may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time. Mexico's current ratings and the rating outlooks currently assigned to it depend, in part, on economic conditions and other factors that affect credit risk and are outside the control of Mexico, as well as assessments of the creditworthiness of its productive state-owned enterprises. Certain ratings agencies may also downgrade the credit ratings of Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), a state-owned public company of Mexico (empresa pública del estado), as they have in the past, and their assessment of PEMEX's creditworthiness may affect Mexico's credit ratings. On September 8, 2025, Moody's upgraded PEMEX's rating from B3 to B1 with a stable outlook. On October 2, 2025, Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will be maintained or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled. Any credit rating downgrade, suspension or cancellation may have an adverse effect on the market price and the trading of the notes.

Changes in the interest rate environment could adversely impact the trading price of the notes.

We expect that the trading price of the notes will depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the interest rate environment.

If interest rates, or expected future interest rates, rise during the terms of the notes, the price of the notes will likely decrease. The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of the notes. Because interest rates and interest rate expectations are influenced by a wide variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that changes in interest rates or interest rate expectations will not adversely affect the trading price of the notes.

Geopolitical developments, such as the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, could have a material adverse effect on Mexico's economy and its ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

The Russia-Ukraine conflict contributed to the upward pressure on global prices for certain commodities, including oil and gas and grains, and affected conditions in the international capital markets. The effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict could materially affect the prices of certain commodities critical to the performance of the Mexican economy. Further, while the full extent of the impact of the conflict in the Middle East remains to be seen as of the date of this prospectus supplement, the effects of these ongoing conflicts could result in economic uncertainty and upward inflationary pressure, and, as a result, negatively affect the performance of the Mexican economy or Mexico's ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

S-11

Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately U.S.$8,928,490,000, after the deduction of the underwriting discounts and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately U.S.$330,000. Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico, including the refinancing, repurchase or retirement of domestic and/or external indebtedness.

S-12

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES

Mexico will issue the notes under an amended and restated indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, as amended by a first supplemental indenture, dated January 24, 2022, between Mexico and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. The information contained in this section summarizes some of the terms of the notes, the indenture and the first supplemental indenture. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you as a potential investor in the notes. You should read the corresponding prospectus, the indenture, the first supplemental indenture and the form of the notes before making your investment decision. Mexico has filed or will file copies of these documents with the SEC and will also file copies of these documents at the offices of the trustee.

Terms of the 2034 notes

The 2034 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January 9, 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$3,000,000,000;

•

mature on February 9, 2034;

•

bear interest at a rate of 5.625% per year, commencing on January 9, 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2034 notes will be payable semi-annually on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing on August 9, 2026;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2034 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2034 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be ready for delivery in the book-entry form only through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2034 Notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2034 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2034 notes; and

•

will be redeemed at par at maturity.

S-13

Table of Contents

Terms of the 2038 notes

The 2038 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January 9, 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$4,000,000,000;

•

mature on February 9, 2038;

•

bear interest at a rate of 6.125% per year, commencing on January 9, 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2038 notes will be payable semi-annually on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing on August 9, 2026;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2038 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2038 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be ready for delivery in the book-entry form only through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2038 Notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2038 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2038 notes; and

•

will be redeemed at par at maturity.

Terms of the 2056 notes

The 2056 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January 9, 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$2,000,000,000;

•

mature on February 9, 2056;

•

bear interest at a rate of 6.750% per year, commencing on January 9, 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2056 notes will be payable semi-annually on February 9 and August 9 of each year, commencing on August 9, 2026;

S-14

Table of Contents

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2056 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2056 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be ready for delivery in the book-entry form only through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2056 Notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2056 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2056 notes; and

•

will be redeemed at par at maturity.

Optional Redemption - 2034 notes

Prior to December 9, 2033 (two months prior to their maturity date) (the "2034 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2034 notes matured on the 2034 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2034 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

S-15

Table of Contents

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by Mexico after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as "Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15" (or any successor designation or publication) ("H.15") under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" (or any successor caption or heading) ("H.15 TCM"). In determining the Treasury Rate, Mexico shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2034 notes Par Call Date (the "Remaining Life"); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the 2034 notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, Mexico shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2034 notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2034 notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2034 notes Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2034 notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2034 notes Par Call Date, Mexico shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2034 notes Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2034 notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, Mexico shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Mexico's actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary's procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of 2034 notes to be redeemed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the 2034 notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair and in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. No 2034 notes of a principal amount of $1,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any 2034 note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the 2034 note will state the portion of the principal amount of the 2034 note to be redeemed. A new 2034 note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the 2034 note will be issued in the name of the holder of the 2034 note upon surrender for cancellation of the original 2034 note. For so long as the 2034 notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the 2034 notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

S-16

Table of Contents

Unless Mexico defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the 2034 notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

Optional Redemption - 2038 notes

Prior to November 9, 2037 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the "2038 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2038 notes matured on the 2038 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2038 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by Mexico after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as "Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15" (or any successor designation or publication) ("H.15") under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" (or any successor caption or heading) ("H.15 TCM"). In determining the Treasury Rate, Mexico shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2038 notes Par Call Date (the "Remaining Life"); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the 2038 notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

S-17

Table of Contents

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, Mexico shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2038 notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2038 notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2038 notes Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2038 notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2038 notes Par Call Date, Mexico shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2038 notes Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2038 notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, Mexico shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Mexico's actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary's procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of 2038 notes to be redeemed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the 2038 notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair and in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. No 2038 notes of a principal amount of $1,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any 2038 note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the 2038 note will state the portion of the principal amount of the 2038 note to be redeemed. A new 2038 note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the 2038 note will be issued in the name of the holder of the 2038 note upon surrender for cancellation of the original 2038 note. For so long as the 2038 notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the 2038 notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless Mexico defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the 2038 notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

Optional Redemption - 2056 notes

Prior to August 9, 2055 (six months prior to their maturity date) (the "2056 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2056 notes matured on the 2056 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

S-18

Table of Contents

On or after the 2056 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by Mexico after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as "Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15" (or any successor designation or publication) ("H.15") under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" (or any successor caption or heading) ("H.15 TCM"). In determining the Treasury Rate, Mexico shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2056 notes Par Call Date (the "Remaining Life"); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the 2056 notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, Mexico shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2056 notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2056 notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2056 notes Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2056 notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2056 notes Par Call Date, Mexico shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2056 notes Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2056 notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, Mexico shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

S-19

Table of Contents

Mexico's actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary's procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of 2056 notes to be redeemed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the 2056 notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair and in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. No 2056 notes of a principal amount of $1,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any 2056 note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the 2056 note will state the portion of the principal amount of the 2056 note to be redeemed. A new 2056 note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the 2056 note will be issued in the name of the holder of the 2035 note upon surrender for cancellation of the original 2056 note. For so long as the 2056 notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the 2056 notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless Mexico defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the 2056 notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

S-20

Table of Contents

TAXATION

United States Federal Taxation

For a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-United States Federal Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

Mexican Taxation

For a summary of the Mexican federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-Mexican Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-21

Table of Contents

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

The information in this section supplements the information about Mexico corresponding to the headings below that is contained in Exhibit D to Mexico's annual report on Form 18-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 18-K). To the extent that the information included in this section differs from the information set forth in the 2024 Form 18-K, you should rely on the information in this section.

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Form of Government

The Government

The following table provides the distribution, as of the date of this filing, of Congressional seats reflecting the party affiliations of Mexico's senators and deputies.

Table No. 1 - Party Representation in Congress (1)

                                                                                                                             
                                     Senate           Chamber of Deputies   
                                     Seats            % of Total                      Seats       % of Total   
MORENA                                        67                              52.3                253                50.6    
National Action Party                         21                              16.4                70                 14      
Institutional Revolutionary Party             13                              10.2                37                 7.4     
Citizen Movement Party                        6                               4.7                 28                 5.6     
Ecological Green Party of Mexico              14                              10.9                62                 12.4    
Labor Party                                   6                               4.7                 49                 9.8     
Unaffiliated                                  1                               0.8                 1                  0.2     
Total                                         128                             100.0   %           500                100.0   % 
                                                                                                                             


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding. Individual members of Congress may change party affiliations.

(1)

As of January 2, 2026

Source: Senate and Chamber of Deputies.

Criminal Justice

On October 9, 2025 a decree was published in the Diario Oficial de la Federación (Official Gazette) reforming Article 73, Section XXI, item (a), of the Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (the Political Constitution of Mexico, or the Constitution). The reform aims to combat extortion by granting Congress the authority to enact a general law that establishes, at a minimum, a single criminal offense definition for extortion, applicable nationwide and with uniform penalties.

On November 28, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette enacting the Ley General para Prevenir, Investigar y Sancionar los Delitos en Materia de Extorsión (General Law to Prevent, Investigate and Punish Crimes Related to Extortion), and amending, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Código Penal Federal (Federal Criminal Code), the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Penales (National Code of Criminal Procedure), the Ley Federal Contra la Delincuencia Organizada (Federal Law against Organized Crime), the Ley Nacional de Extinción de Dominio (National Law on Asset Forfeiture) and the Ley Orgánica del Poder Judicial de la Federación (Organic Law of the Federal Judiciary). The decree amends and supplements the existing legal framework for the enforcement and prosecution of extortion-related crimes, including (i) modifications to the legal requirements related to jurisdiction, sentencing and aggravating circumstances, (ii) mechanisms for coordination between authorities, (iii) victim protection measures, and (iv) rules for criminal investigation and enforcement, including the creation of a specialized Complaint Response Center.

S-22

Table of Contents

Legal and Political Reforms

On October 16, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming and supplementing various provisions of Ley de Amparo, Reglamentaria de los Artículos 103 y 107 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (Amparo Law, Regulating Articles 103 and 107 of the Political Constitution of Mexico), the Código Fiscal de la Federación (Federal Tax Code) and the Ley Orgánica del Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Organic Law of the Federal Court of Administrative Justice). The reform aims to streamline judicial proceedings, ensure procedural efficiency and improve access to justice by redefining and clarifying legal concepts, including the requirements for standing and injunctive relief, as well as by enabling the use of electronic means for the relevant processes and procedures.

On December 10, 2025, the Reglamento Orgánico de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación (Organic Regulations of the Supreme Court), which regulates the powers of members of the court, its administrative procedures and its organizational structure, was published in the Official Gazette.

On November 19, 2025, the decree reforming the Ley Aduanera (Customs Law) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of combatting evasion and smuggling, and protecting lawful trade. The reform, which came into effect on January 1, 2026, introduces, among other measures, (i) the implementation of digital tools and systems to facilitate customs controls (ii) strengthened oversight responsibilities for customs agents, (iii) higher duties for imports not subject to free trade agreements, (iv) expanded compliance obligations, (v) stricter documentation requirements, and (vi) enhanced digital monitoring across the customs process.

Civil and Regulatory Procedures

On November 14, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming certain provisions of various legal codes in connection with the implementation of the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Civiles y Familiares (National Code of Civil and Family Procedures, or CNPCyF) by local legislatures throughout Mexico.

Internal Security

General

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Internal Regulations of the Ministry of National Defense), including to, among other changes, (i) incorporate the Comandancia de la Guardia Nacional (National Guard Command) into the organizational structure of the Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Ministry of National Defense, or SEDENA), (ii) create the Centro Nacional de Vigilancia y Protección del Espacio Aéreo (National Airspace Surveillance and Protection Center), and (iii) redefine the functions of various related administrative bodies.

Organized Crime, Arms Trafficking and Money Laundering

On November 11, 2025, the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público (Ministry of Finance and Public Credit) through the Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera (Financial Intelligence Unit, or UIF) announced that, as a result of an investigation into suspected money-laundering by alleged organized crime groups, 13 casinos were identified and listed as sanctioned legal entities, pursuant to the financial blocking measures administered by the UIF. As a result of such investigation, the Dirección General de Juegos y Sorteos ordered the suspension of the operations of the aforementioned casinos.

Human Rights

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette establishing rules for the organization and operation of the Sistema Nacional para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres (National System for Equality between Women and Men), including defining its structure, powers and coordination mechanisms, with the aim of promoting substantive equality between women and men in Mexico.

S-23

Table of Contents

Cyber Crimes and Cybersecurity

On December 8, 2025, the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency) published the Plan Nacional de Ciberseguridad (National Cybersecurity Plan), establishing strategic guidelines to, among other aims, (i) strengthen the protection of critical infrastructure, (ii) promote the safe use of digital technologies, (iii) define mechanisms for interinstitutional coordination against cyberthreats, and (iv) ensure the safeguarding of citizens' rights and national sovereignty in the cyberspace.

Access to Information, Government Procurement and Transparency

On December 8, 2025, the Secretaría Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno (Ministry of Anti-Corruption and Good Governance) announced sanctions against Santiago López Pérez and five supplier companies: (i) Instalaciones Eléctricas Industriales MT, S.A. de C.V.; (ii) Tameztec, S.A. de C.V.; (iii) C-Gallegos, S.A. de C.V.; (iv) Construcciones San Benito, S.A. de C.V.; and (v) Grupo Corporativo C y C, S.A. de C.V.; each of which was temporarily disqualified and fined for submitting false information in public procurement contracts. Each of these companies was registered in the Directorio de Proveedores y Contratistas Sancionados (Directory of Sanctioned Suppliers and Contractors), thereby prohibiting them from participating in new contracts with the Government.

Foreign Affairs, International Organizations and International Economic Cooperation

On October 24, 2025, the Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) announced that Mexico and the United Nations (UN) had signed the Marco de Cooperación de Naciones Unidas en México 2026-2031 (United Nations Cooperation Framework in Mexico 2026-2031) with the aim of strengthening collaboration on sustainable development, human rights and governance.

Environment

On September 3, 2025, as part of a national policy to transition to safer and more sustainable agricultural practices, President Sheinbaum announced the ban of 35 pesticides that pose a high risk to public health and the environment.

On November 18, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement announcing that Mexico participated in COP30 in Belém, Brazil with the objective of promoting stronger climate action by advancing international commitments to reduce emissions and protect biodiversity.

On December 11, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette, enacting the Ley General de Aguas (General Water Law) and amending, adding and repealing various provisions of the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), with the purpose of regulating the human right to access, availability and sanitation of water, as recognized by the Constitution. The legislation establishes a legal regime to improve water management in Mexico by, among other measures, strengthening equitable water distribution and intergovernmental coordination, promoting the sustainable management of water through the use of basins and aquifers, and improving system capacity to adapt to the effects of climate change, while prioritizing human rights, community systems, the general interest and promoting public participation in conservation efforts. The regulatory framework necessary to carry out this reform must be issued or amended within 180 calendar days of the decree taking effect and, during the interim period, existing regulations will continue to apply to the extent that they do not contravene the principles and guidelines of the General Water Law or the amendments to the National Water Law.

On December 16, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Política Nacional para el Manejo Sustentable de Mares y Costas (National Policy for the Sustainable Management of Seas and Coasts), setting forth objectives and short, medium and long term strategies for the protection and sustainable use of marine and coastal ecosystems, in accordance with Mexico's international and domestic commitments.

S-24

Table of Contents

THE ECONOMY

Gross Domestic Product

According to preliminary figures, Mexico's real GDP decreased by 0.1% during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. In the third quarter of 2025, GDP decreased by 0.3% in seasonally adjusted terms, reflecting a contraction in secondary activities, including manufacturing, construction, electricity generation and distribution, mining, and water and gas supply, which was particularly driven by a decline in industrial production, and partially offset by a moderate expansion in primary and tertiary activities. For more information on the long-term factors affecting Mexico's GDP, see "The Economy-Gross Domestic Product" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

The following tables set forth the composition of Mexico's real GDP by economic sector and percentage change by economic sector, in pesos and in percentage terms, for the periods indicated.

Table No. 2 - Real GDP and Expenditures (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                         
                                                               Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                               2024                                           2025(3)   
GDP                                                            Ps.                             25,574.2                 Ps.   25,411.5   
Add: Imports of goods and services                                                             11,934.5                       12,443.4   
                                                                                                                                         
Total supply of goods and services                                                             37,508.6                       37,854.9   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                                            10,173.8                       10,567.7   
                                                                                                                                         
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditure    Ps.                             27,334.8                 Ps.   27,287.2   
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                                                                  
Private consumption                                                                            18,338.5                       18,523.1   
Public consumption                                                                             2,797.5                        5,718.5    
                                                                                                                                         
Total consumption                                                                              21,136.0                       24,241.6   
                                                                                                                                         
Total gross fixed investment                                                                   6,343.0                        2,881.0    
                                                                                                                                         
Changes in inventory                                                                           22.6                           26.5       
                                                                                                                                         
Total domestic expenditures                                    Ps.                             27,501.6                 Ps.   27,149.1   
                                                                                                                                         
Errors and Omissions                                                                           (166.79    )                   138.1      
                                                                                                                                         


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter data is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 3 - Real GDP and Expenditures (As a Percentage of Total GDP)

                                                                                                    
                                                                Third quarter 
                                                                2024     2025 
GDP                                                                      100.0   %          100.0   % 
Add: Imports of goods and services                                       46.7               49.0    
                                                                                                    
Total supply of goods and services                                       146.7              149.0   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                      39.8               41.6    
                                                                                                    
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditures             106.9   %          107.4   % 
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                             
Private consumption                                                      71.7    %          72.9    % 
Public consumption                                                       24.8               22.5    
                                                                                                    
Total consumption                                                        96.5               95.4    
Total gross fixed investment                                             10.9               11.3    
Changes in inventory                                                     0.1                0.1     
                                                                                                    
Total domestic expenditures                                              107.5   %          106.8   % 
                                                                                                    
Errors and Omissions                                                     (0.7    )%         0.5     % 


Note:

Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

S-25

Table of Contents

Table No. 4 - Real GDP by Sector (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                    
                                                            Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                            2024                                         2025(3)   
Primary Activities:                                                                                                                 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(4)    Ps.                             781.4                  Ps.   810.0      
Secondary Activities:                                                                                                               
Mining                                                                                      885.5                        841.3      
Utilities                                                                                   335.8                        331.1      
Construction                                                                                1,528.2                      1,456.8    
Manufacturing                                                                               5,288.1                      5,189.9    
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                                                
Wholesale and retail trade                                                                  5,011.1                      5,018.7    
Transportation and warehousing                                                              1,892.2                      1,896.1    
Information                                                                                 461.9                        472.6      
Finance and insurance                                                                       1,017.3                      1,036.8    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                                             2,408.8                      2,440.1    
Professional, scientific and technical services                                             575.3                        625.3      
Management of companies and enterprises                                                     168.7                        166.3      
Support for business                                                                        228.1                        252.4      
Education services                                                                          888.9                        892.0      
Health care and social assistance                                                           595.3                        626.6      
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                                          131.4                        148.8      
Accommodation and food services                                                             557.3                        537.4      
Other services (except public administration)                                               455.5                        444.9      
Public administration                                                                       837.5                        833.8      
                                                                                                                                    
Gross value added at basic values                                                           24,048.3                     24,020.7   
Taxes on products, net of subsidies                                                         1,393.7                      1,390.7    
                                                                                                                                    
GDP                                                         Ps.                             25,442.0               Ps.   25,411.5   
                                                                                                                                    


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

(4)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

S-26

Table of Contents

Table No. 5 - Real GDP Growth by Sector

(Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                      
                                                                     Third quarter 
                                                                     2024     2025(2) 
GDP (real pesos)                                                              1.4    %         (0.1   )% 
Primary Activities:                                                                                   
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(3)                      7.0              3.7    
Secondary Activities:                                                                                 
Mining                                                                        (6.8   )         (5.0   ) 
Utilities                                                                     (1.8   )         (1.4   ) 
Construction                                                                  1.1              (4.7   ) 
Manufacturing                                                                 0.5              (1.9   ) 
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                  
Wholesale and retail trade                                                    1.3              0.2    
Transportation and warehousing                                                4.6              0.2    
Information                                                                   2.7              2.3    
Finance and insurance                                                         1.6              1.9    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                               1.2              1.3    
Professional, scientific and technical services                               12.1             8.7    
Management of companies and enterprises                                       11.7             (1.4   ) 
Administrative support, waste management and remediation services             (2.3   )         10.7   
Education services                                                            1.4              0.3    
Health care and social assistance                                             0.4              5.3    
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                            5.7              13.2   
Accommodation and food services                                               (3.5   )         (3.6   ) 
Other services (except public administration)                                 1.2              (2.3   ) 
Public administration                                                         2.7              (0.4   ) 


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

Employment and Labor

According to preliminary Tasa de Desocupación Abierta (Open Unemployment Rate) figures, Mexico's unemployment rate was 2.6% as of October 31, 2025, a one percentage point increase from the rate as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2025, the economically active population in Mexico (fifteen years of age and older) was 62.5 million and the labor force participation rate stood at 59.9%. As of January 1, 2026, the minimum wages were Ps. 440.87 per day for municipalities in the Zona Libre de la Frontera Norte (Northern Border Free Trade Zone) and Ps. 315.04 per day for the rest of Mexico, an increase of 13% and 5%, respectively, from the applicable minimum wages in effect from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. For additional information on Mexico's minimum wage policy, see "The Economy-Employment and Labor" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

On November 13, 2025, amendments to the general legal framework governing pension plans were published in the Official Gazette, including, among other measures, provisions to strengthen the protection of supplementary retirement savings for workers, provide certainty for employers, and improve the traceability of pension plan information with the aim of combatting fraud.

On December 3, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the standard work-week in Mexico would be gradually reduced from 48 hours to 40 hours by 2030, with two-hour annual reductions set to begin starting in January 2027. The federal executive branch sent the initiative to the Senate for deliberation on December 3, 2025 and the initiative must be approved by Congress before its enactment.

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette amending the Ley Federal de los Trabajadores al Servicio del Estado Reglamentaria del Apartado B) del Artículo 123 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, (Federal Law of Workers in the Service of the State, Regulating Article 123, Section B) of the Political Constitution of Mexico) and adding a new provision to the Ley General de ResponsabilidadesAdministrativas (General Law on Administrative Responsibilities), with the aim of protecting union autonomy and penalizing public servant interference in union processes as a serious administrative offense.

S-27

Table of Contents

Principal Sectors of the Economy

Manufacturing

The following table shows the value of industrial manufacturing output in billions of constant 2018 pesos and the percentage change of each sector as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.

Table No. 6 - Industrial Manufacturing Output by Sector

(In Billions of Pesos and Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                                                   
                                                   Third quarter 
                                                   2024          2025(2) 
Food                                                      Ps.    965.6              0.3     %       Ps.   978.7             1.4    % 
Beverage and tobacco products                                    262.1              1.0                   256.5             (2.1   ) 
Textile mills                                                    27.8               (3.0    )             25.3              (9.1   ) 
Textile product mills                                            16.9               (3.9    )             16.7              (0.9   ) 
Apparel                                                          56.1               (6.4    )             50.8              (9.4   ) 
Leather and allied products                                      26.1               (17.1   )             25.1              (4.0   ) 
Wood products                                                    34.5               (2.7    )             31.5              (8.6   ) 
Paper                                                            102.1              (1.3    )             99.1              (2.9   ) 
Printing and related support activities                          24.6               (1.8    )             23.7              (3.8   ) 
Petroleum and coal products                                      229.1              13.4                  251.5             9.8    
Chemicals                                                        382.0              9.4                   369.3             (3.3   ) 
Plastics and rubber products                                     167.7              3.1                   165.7             (1.2   ) 
Nonmetallic mineral products                                     157.2              (0.4    )             155.7             (1.0   ) 
Primary metals                                                   246.5              (8.2    )             253.1             2.7    
Fabricated metal products                                        172.8              (2.4    )             162.2             (6.2   ) 
Machinery                                                        215.4              (2.8    )             217.7             1.1    
Computers and electronic products                                484.2              (3.7    )             492.2             1.7    
Electrical equipment, appliances and components                  220.9              3.2                   211.8             (4.1   ) 
Transportation equipment                                         1,305.0            1.0                   1,181.0           (9.5   ) 
Furniture and related products                                   48.3               (3.0    )             46.7              (3.2   ) 
Miscellaneous                                                    143.1              3.7                   175.5             22.6   
                                                                                                                                   
Total expansion/contraction                               Ps.?   ?5,288.1           0.5     %       Ps.   5,189.9           (1.9   )% 
                                                                                                                                   


(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018. Percent change reflects differential in constant 2018 pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Petroleum and Petrochemicals

On August 5, Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), an empresa pública del estado (state-owned public company) presented its "Strategic Plan 2025-2030," which established PEMEX's Comprehensive Capitalization and Financing Strategy. This strategy is based on the continuous improvement in PEMEX's financial operations in terms of efficiency, discipline, risk management, and process optimization, as well as PEMEX's responsible use of resources. To this end, PEMEX, the Secretaría de Energía (Ministry of Energy, or SENER), and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit are working together to implement financial mechanisms to strengthen PEMEX's financial position and achieve the stability and resilience necessary to ensure its operational and financial continuity. These mechanisms are intended to reduce PEMEX's debt levels to ensure timely access to financing sources under competitive conditions. As part of these mechanisms, on December 1, 2025, the Government granted a guaranty in connection with a credit facility of up to Ps. 257.5 billion, the proceeds of which will be used to support energy sector investment projects.

On September 2, 2025, PEMEX launched an offer to purchase for cash certain of its outstanding dollar-denominated and euro-denominated notes with maturities between 2026 and 2029. The total aggregate principal amount of tenders accepted for purchase amounted to U.S.$9.9 billion, and the offers settled on October 1, 2025.

S-28

Table of Contents

On October 2, 2025, the credit rating agency Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

On October 3, 2025, two decrees were published in the Official Gazette establishing regulatory frameworks for various aspects of the hydrocarbons sector, including (i) the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Law of the Hydrocarbon Sector), which establishes the administrative, technical and legal framework for the regulation of hydrocarbon exploration, extraction, transportation and commercialization; and (ii) the Reglamento de la Ley de Ingresos Sobre Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Hydrocarbons Revenue Law), which, among other measures, updates energy sector administrative procedures regarding the allocation of and bidding process for hydrocarbon exploration and extraction contracts.

On October 3, 2025, the Norma Oficial Mexicana de Emergencia NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transporte de Gas Licuado de Petróleo (Mexican Official Emergency Standard NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transportation of Liquefied Petroleum Gas), was published in the Official Gazette. The standard aims to enhance safety measures and heighten obligations for regulated entities, including through requiring the submission of annual reports on the state of transportation and distribution units, with the aim of ensuring compliance and the timely detection of defects that could cause leaks or failures.

On December 11, 2025, SENER published an agreement in the Official Gazette with the aim of establishing clear criteria for recognizing the occurrence of fortuitous or force majeure events with respect to contracts for the exploration and extraction of hydrocarbons that may affect the fulfillment of contractual obligations.

Electric Power

On September 11, 2025, CFE FIBRA E, a Fideicomiso de Inversión en Energía Infraestructura (Energy and Infrastructure Investment Trust), which is managed by an affiliate of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad (Federal Electricity Commission, or CFE) and in respect of which CFE has residual beneficiary rights, and which is focused on investing in energy and infrastructure (primarily collection rights in respect of fees charged for electricity transmission), issued U.S.$725 million of its 5.875% notes due 2040. This inaugural issuance by CFE FIBRA E attracted a record demand of U.S.$6.36 billion, the highest ever for an issuance by an energy and infrastructure trust in Mexico. The proceeds were used to acquire an additional 2.43% of the beneficiary rights under a trust holding collection rights, to reach an aggregate 6.78% of beneficiary rights under such trust. CFE is the ultimate beneficiary under the trust holding collection rights and expects to use the proceeds to finance strategic projects in connection with the Red Nacional de Transmisión (National Transmission Network, or RNT), within the framework of CFE's Plan de Fortalecimiento y Expansión del Sistema Eléctrico Nacional 2025-2030 (National Electric System Strengthening and Expansion Plan 2025-2030).

On October 3, 2025, a series of decrees issuing new energy sector regulations were published in the Official Gazette. First, the Reglamento de laLey de Planeación y Transición Energética (Regulations of the Energy Transition Law) established a binding framework for energy sector planning, with the aims of (i) strengthening the energy transition, (ii) promoting the sustainable use of energy, (iii) utilizing clean energy sources, and (iv) reducing polluting emissions, while ensuring the country's competitiveness and energy sovereignty. Second, the Reglamento de la Ley de Geotermia (Regulations of the Geothermal Energy Law) established an administrative, technical and environmental regulatory framework for the exploration and use of geothermal resources, including by articulating (i) requirements for obtaining permits and concessions, (ii) terms and conditions for each stage of geothermal development, and (iii) environmental assessment criteria. Third, the Reglamento de la Ley de Biocombustibles (Regulations for the Biofuels Law) sets forth regulations for production, commercialization, distribution and employment within the biofuels sector, with the aim of (i) promoting energy security and sustainable development, (ii) reducing pollutant emissions, and (iii) establishing technical, environmental and administrative requirements for value chain participants.

On October 3, 2025, another decree was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Eléctrico (Regulations of the Electricity Sector Law), which establishes regulations for the generation, transmission, distribution, and commercialization of electricity, with the aim of ensuring the Government's role in the administration and control of the national electricity system. The regulation also seeks to define procedures for granting permissions, establishing participation mechanisms and ensuring compliance with technical, environmental, and energy efficiency criteria.

S-29

Table of Contents

On December 16, 2025, the operating guidelines of the Consejo de Planeación Energética (Energy Planning Council) were published in the Official Gazette with the objective of strengthening coordination in national energy sector planning.

Tourism

On November 30, 2025, the Secretaría de Turismo (Ministry of Tourism, or SECTUR) announced that 5.0 million people were employed in the tourism sector in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 3,838 jobs compared to the second quarter of 2025 and a 1.8% increase compared to the same period in 2024, representing 9.3% of the national workforce.

On December 11, 2025, SECTUR announced that, from January to October 2025, 79.3 million international visitors arrived in Mexico, an increase of 13.6% compared to the same period in 2024. Of those international visitors, 16.6 million arrived in Mexico by air, representing an increase of nearly 100,000 visitors compared to the same period in 2024 and a 10.2% increase compared to the same period in 2019. The United States, Canada and the United Kingdom were the most represented countries of origin for tourists traveling by air to Mexico in this period.

Transportation and Communications

Highways

On October 8, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the Programa de Infraestructura Carretera (Road Infrastructure Program), which aims to modernize, expand and maintain the national road network to improve Mexico's connectivity and competitiveness, had achieved 60% overall completion.

On November 22, 2025, the Secretaría de Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes (Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation, or SICT) reported that 644 out of 820 kilometers of roads in the Mixteca region of Oaxaca have been expanded, maintained and modernized as part and representing 78% completion of the Ps. 6.2 billion Plan General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río Plan).

Seaports

From January to October 2025, total cargo handled at Mexican seaports totaled 209.0 million tons, an 8.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. This decrease was mainly driven by a decline in export cargo, which totaled 66.0 million tons, a 13.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. Imports also declined by 8.4% compared to the same period in 2024, totaling 99.6 million tons from January to October 2025.

Aviation

On December 9, 2025, SICT announced that Ps.129.1 billion are expected to be invested in airport infrastructure by 2030. In 2025, Ps. 36.5 billion of federal government and private sector funding was allocated to the country's 62 airports, including for expansion and modernization projects at the Puerto Escondido, Tepic, Monterrey, Guadalajara, Mexico City, Puerto Vallarta, Cancún, Tijuana, Mérida and Chihuahua airports.

Railways

On November 25, 2025, SICT announced that construction was underway on four passenger train routes in northern and central Mexico, including the Mexico City-Querétaro Train, the Mexico City-Pachuca Train, and the Querétaro-Irapuato Train. These projects aim to add or rehabilitate 785 kilometers of railway infrastructure, along with the development of main and secondary stations.

S-30

Table of Contents

Communications

On October 21, 2025, the Comisión Reguladora de Telecomunicaciones (Telecommunications Regulatory Commission, or CRT) announced the completion of the restructuring of the economic competition and telecommunications system. As part of this process, the Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (National Antitrust Commission, or CNA) was established to replace the former Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Commission for Economic Competition, or COFECE), and the CRT was created to succeed the Instituto Federal de Telecomunicaciones (Federal Telecommunications Institute, or IFT). The CRT is a decentralized administrative body of the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency), an independent agency tasked with furthering the efficient development of telecommunications and broadcasting in Mexico.

On November 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Estatuto Orgánico de la Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (Organic Statute of the National Antimonopoly Commission), which establishes the organizational structure and operating bases of the CNA as a decentralized public body of the government, in accordance with the Ley Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Antitrust Law).

On November 27, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced an expected investment of between Ps. 500 and Ps. 2,000 million in transportation infrastructure for each of the venues hosting the FIFA World Cup 2026 in Mexico, Mexico City (Metro Line 2), Jalisco (Line 5) and Nuevo León (Lines 4 and 6).

On December 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing a new methodology to determine the fees to be paid in connection with services provided by the CNA, such as concentrations analyses, which is informed by, international practices and the costs incurred by the CNA in providing such services, among other factors. Under this methodology, applicable fees are determined using a tiered structure based on the estimated maximum value of the operation and include an additional 15% sustainability surcharge.

Mining

On December 4, 2025, the Supreme Court affirmed the constitutionality of a decree published on May 8, 2023 in the Official Gazette that reformed, added and repealed various provisions on mining and water concessions contained in the Ley Minera (Mining Law), the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), the Ley General del Equilibrio Ecológico y la Protección al Ambiente (General Law of Ecological Balance and Environmental Protection) and the Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral de los Residuos (General Law for the Prevention and Comprehensive Management of Waste). Further, Supreme Court affirmed that Congress has the power to redefine the regulation of the mining and water sector, and that concession titles contain regulatory clauses that can be adjusted for the public interest.

S-31

Table of Contents

FINANCIAL SYSTEM

Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates

Money Supply and Savings

The following table shows Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply aggregates at each of the dates indicated. The methodology for the calculation of Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply is discussed in "Financial System-Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates-Money Supply and Savings" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Table No. 7 - Money Supply

                                                                                                               
                                  At September 30,                 
                                  2024                                            2025(1)   
                                  (in millions of nominal pesos)   
M1:                                                                                                            
Bills and coins                   Ps.                              2,836,728                Ps.   3,052,343    
Checking deposits                                                                                              
In domestic currency                                               2,556,699                      2,680,887    
In foreign currency                                                661,480                        650,214      
Interest-bearing peso deposits                                     1,480,211                      1,633,006    
Savings and loan deposits                                          85,659                         127,951      
                                                                                                               
Total M1                          Ps.                              7,620,777                Ps.   8,144,401    
                                                                                                               
M4                                Ps.                              19,354,248               Ps.   21,092,811   
                                                                                                               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Inflation

Consumer inflation at the end of the third quarter of 2025 was 3.8%, which was above Banco de México's 3.0% (+/- 1.0%) target inflation for the year, 0.4 percentage point lower than the 4.2% consumer inflation for 2024 and 0.9 percentage points lower than the 4.7% consumer inflation for 2023. This trend was the result of Banco de México's monetary policy actions and the decline in non-core inflation, particularly in fruits, vegetables and energy prices, which offset a moderate increase in core inflation.

Annual core inflation, which better reflects medium-term price pressures on the economy, remained higher than target inflation for the year and was 4.3% at the end of the third quarter of 2025, higher than core inflation of 3.7% for 2024.

On November 18, 2025, the Government announced the renewal of the Paquete Contra la Inflación y la Carestía (Anti-Inflation and Deficit Package, or PACIC), as part of which the private sector will contribute to stabilizing the prices of basic products, promoting a more balanced outlook between producers and consumers. The PACIC is intended to serve as a permanent platform for constructive dialogue between private companies and the public sector.

S-32

Table of Contents

The following table shows, in percentage terms, the changes in price indices and increases in the minimum wage for the periods indicated.

Table No. 8 - Rates of Change in Price Indices

                                                                                                                                                               
             National ConsumerPrice Index(1)(4)           National ProducerPrice Index(1)(3)(4)           Increase inMinimum Wage(5)   
2022                                              7.8                                               5.3                                    22.0;(6) 22.0(7)    
2023                                              4.7                                               1.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0(7)    
2024                                              4.2                                               7.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0 (7)   
2025:                                                                                                                                                          
January                                           3.6                                               7.6                                    12.0 ;(6) 12.0 (7)  
February                                          3.8                                               7.9                                    -?                  
March                                             3.8                                               7.3                                    -?                  
April                                             3.9                                               7.1                                    -?                  
May                                               4.4                                               6.8                                    -?                  
June                                              4.3                                               5.2                                    -?                  
July                                              3.5                                               4.1                                    -?                  
August                                            3.6                                               3.7                                    -?                  
September                                         3.8                                               3.4                                    -?                  
October                                           3.6                                               3.4                                    -?                  
November                                          3.8                                               2.8                                    -?                  


(1)

Changes in price indices are calculated as the 12-month percentage change. For annual figures, changes in price indices are calculated each December. Monthly figures are annualized.

(2)

Effective August 2018, the Índice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor (National Consumer Price Index, or INPC) was changed to: (1) update the base date to the second half of July 2018; (2) increase the number of categories for goods and services; (3) increase the number of areas represented; and (4) adjust the weighting of each component.

(3)

Índice Nacional de Precios al Productor (National Producer Price Index, or INPP) figures represent the changes in the prices for basic merchandise and services (excluding oil prices). INPP takes July 2019 as a base date.

(4)

Preliminary figures for July to November 2025.

(5)

Effective January 1, 2019, Mexico has two minimum wages: one rate applicable to municipalities located on the border with the United States, which are included in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone, and a different rate applicable to the rest of Mexico. The rate of change for 2019, for both the minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone and the minimum wage applicable to the rest of Mexico, is as compared to the minimum wage in effect prior to January 1, 2019.

(6)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

(7)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to areas other than the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

Sources: INEGI; Ministry of Labor and Social Security.

S-33

Table of Contents

Interest Rates

The following table sets forth the average interest rates per annum on 28-day and 91-day Certificados de la Tesorería de la Federación (Federal Treasury Certificates, or Cetes), the costo porcentual promedio (average weighted cost of term deposits for commercial banks, or CPP) and the 28-day and 91-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 9 - Average Cetes , CPP and TIIE Rates

                                                                                                                           
                 28-DayCetes            91-DayCetes            CPP       28-DayTIIE       91-DayTIIE   
2021:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   4.1                      4.1              3.2                           4.3          4.3    
July-December                  4.7                      5.1              3.3                           4.9          5.0    
2022:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   6.4                      7.0              4.3                           6.6          6.8    
July-December                  8.9                      9.6              6.0                           9.2          9.6    
2023:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.1                     11.4             7.9                           11.3         11.4   
July-December                  11.1                     11.3             8.5                           11.5         11.5   
2024:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.0                     11.2             8.7                           11.4         11.5   
July-December                  10.4                     10.5             8.3                           10.8         11.0   
2025:                                                                                                                      
January                        9.9                      9.8              7.9                           10.3         10.4   
February                       9.5                      9.3              7.8                           9.9          10.0   
March                          9.1                      9.0              7.5                           9.7          9.8    
April                          8.8                      8.6              7.2                           9.3          9.3    
May                            8.3                      8.3              6.9                           9.0          9.1    
June                           8.1                      8.0              6.7                           8.7          8.8    
July                           7.7                      8.0              6.4                           8.3          8.3    
August                         7.4                      7.7              6.2                           8.1          8.1    
September                      7.3                      7.6              6.1                           8.0          8.1    
October                        7.3                      7.4              5.9                           7.8          7.9    
November                       7.2                      7.3              5.8                           7.6          7.7    
December                       7.2                      7.2              5.7                           7.5          7.5    


Source: Banco de México.

During the first nine months of 2025, interest rates on 28-day Cetes averaged 8.2%, as compared to 10.8% during the same period of 2024. Interest rates on 91-day Cetes averaged 8.3%, as compared to 11.0% during the same period of 2024.

On January 2, 2026, the 28-day Cetes rate was 7.2% and the 91-day Cetes rate was 7.2%.

On September 25, 2025 and November 6, 2025, Banco de México held its sixth and seventh monetary policy meetings of 2025, respectively, and decreased the Tasa de Fondeo Bancario (overnight interbank funding rate) by 25 basis points on each occasion, bringing the rate to 7.25%. These decisions took into account the inflation outlook, the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive, the recent weakening of economic activity, exchange rate dynamics and potential spillovers from global trade policy shifts.

Banco de México decreased the overnight interbank funding rate to 7.0% at its meeting on December 18, 2025. That decision took into account the trajectory of inflation, the deceleration in domestic economic activity, exchange rate developments, and the prevailing global environment marked by trade tensions and geopolitical risks, as well as the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive. Therefore, as of January 2, 2026, the overnight interbank funding rate stood at 7.0%, compared to 10.0% as of December 31, 2024.

S-34

Table of Contents

Exchange Controls and Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign Exchange Rates

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the daily peso/U.S. dollar exchange rates published by Banco de México for the payment of obligations denominated in dollars and payable in pesos within Mexico.

Table No. 10 - Exchange Rates

                                                                            
             Representative Market Rate   
             End-of-Period                            Average   
2021                                      20.4672                 20.2787   
2022                                      19.4715                 20.1193   
2023                                      16.9190                 17.7382   
2024                                      20.7862                 18.3336   
2025                                                                        
January                                   20.6068                 20.5490   
February                                  20.5080                 20.4571   
March                                     20.4380                 20.2417   
April                                     19.6095                 20.0564   
May                                       19.3858                 19.4355   
June                                      18.8332                 19.0300   
July                                      18.7963                 18.6909   
August                                    18.6440                 18.7063   
September                                 18.3342                 18.499    
October                                   18.5725                 18.4296   
November                                  18.3075                 18.4185   
December                                  18.0012                 18.0739   


Source: Banco de México.

On January 2, 2026, the peso/U.S. dollar exchange rate closed at Ps. 17.8803 = U.S.$1.00, a 13.98% depreciation in dollar terms as compared to the rate on December 31, 2024. The peso/U.S. dollar buying exchange rate published by Banco de México on January 2, 2026 (which took effect on the second business day thereafter) was Ps. 17.9528 = U.S.$1.00.

S-35

Table of Contents

Banking System

As of September 30, 2025, the total assets of the banking sector were Ps. 15,362.5 billion, which represented a real annual increase of 3.9% as compared to the end of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2025, the current loan portfolio of the banking sector had a balance of Ps. 7,863.4 billion, a real annual increase of 3.2% as compared to September 30, 2024. Finally, the banking sector's net result was Ps. 226.1 billion as of September 30, 2025, 2.1% lower in real terms as compared to September 30, 2024.

On October 1, 2025, the Consejo de Estabilidad Financiera (Mexican Financial Stability Board) updated its assessment of risks faced by the Mexican financial system, concluding that the Mexican financial system remains solid and resilient, and that the banking sector is adequately capitalized and counts with appropriate liquidity. The Mexican Financial Stability Board assessment also noted that the outlook continues to be subject to a high degree of uncertainty in connection with potential external shocks related to global monetary policy and geopolitical developments.

Banking Supervision and Support

As of September 30, 2025, the Índice de Capitalización (Capitalization Index, or ICAP) for the multiple banking sector was 20.4%, as compared to 19.4% as of September 30, 2024 and 19.09% as of December 31, 2024. For more information on ICAP, see "Financial System-Banking Supervision and Support-Bank Supervision Policy" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

As of September 30, 2025, all multiple banking institutions fell under the first early warning category, indicating that the institutions met the minimum capitalization requirements and were sufficiently capitalized in the event of unexpected loss scenarios. No immediate supervisory actions by the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV) were required as of that date.

On October 10, 2025, the Instituto para la Protección al Ahorro Bancario (Institute for the Protection of Bank Savings, or IPAB) announced the beginning of the liquidation process of CIBanco S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple (CIBanco). IPAB also announced that, in its role as liquidator, it would start to make payments in connection with insured deposits of up to 400,000 Unidades de Inversion (Investment Units, or UDIs), without the use of public funds, which are expected to fully cover the deposits of 99.4% of CIBanco's affected banking clients. Authorities also stated that CIBanco's 0.44% share of total banking system assets means its orderly liquidation does not pose a risk to the overall stability of the Mexican financial system.

On October 13, 2025, the CNBV announced the revocation of CIBanco's authorization to operate as a multiple banking institution following IPAB's appointment as liquidator of CIBanco's assets.

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit, through the UIF, reported that it is coordinating actions with the U.S. Department of the Treasury, including the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), to identify and disrupt financial structures associated with criminal organizations dedicated to the trafficking of narcotics. These joint efforts aim to block assets, prevent the use of front companies, and strengthen bilateral information-sharing mechanisms to limit the circulation of illicit proceeds in the Mexican and U.S. financial systems.

Insurance Companies, Mutual Funds and Auxiliary Credit Institutions

As of October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional del Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (National Retirement Savings System Commission, or CONSAR) reported that total net assets managed within the Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (Retirement Savings System, or SAR) reached Ps. 8.17 trillion, representing more than 20.0% of Mexico's GDP. These resources are invested under a diversified regime, allowing the Sociedades de Inversión Especializada en Fondos para el Retiro (Specialized Investment Companies in Retirement Funds, or SIEFORES) to maximize workers' savings based on the maturity profile of each fund. As of October 31, 2025, 51.9% of net assets managed within the SAR was invested in Mexican government bonds.

S-36

Table of Contents

On October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas (National Insurance and Surety Commission, or CNSF) reported that, as of September 30, 2025, the insurance and surety market was comprised of 113 institutions, and that in the third quarter of 2025, direct premiums in the insurance sector increased from Ps. 704.1 billion to Ps. 787.1 billion, representing a 7.7% real increase compared to the same period in 2024. The insurance and surety sector recorded 5.1% real growth in profits, increasing from Ps. 62.2 billion in the third quarter of 2024 to Ps. 65.3 billion in the third quarter of 2025.

Securities Markets

On January 2, 2026, the Índice de Precios y Cotizaciones (Stock Market Index, or IPC), which is calculated based on a group of the thirty-five most actively traded shares, stood at 64,141.36 points, representing an 29.5% increase from the level at December 31, 2024.

FOREIGN TRADE AND BALANCE OF PAYMENTS

Foreign Trade

On September 23, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Reglas de Procedimiento del artículo 10.12 (Revisión ante un Panel Binacional) del Tratado entre los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, los Estados Unidos de América y Canadá (Rules of Procedure of Article 10.12 (Review before a Binational Panel) of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which govern binational panel reviews in connection with Chapter 10 of the USMCA on trade remedies.

On December 15, 2025, the Government, through the Ministry of Economy, announced that the Paquete Arancelario (Tariff Package), which came into effect on January 1, 2026, and is intended to protect 350,000 jobs in the automotive, steel, footwear, textile and apparel industries in the states of Aguascalientes, Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, State of Mexico, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Nuevo León, Puebla, and Querétaro, without harming any trade partner or affecting trade relations with countries with which Mexico does not have a trade agreement in place.

S-37

Table of Contents

Foreign Trade Performance

The following table provides information about the value of Mexico's merchandise exports and imports (excluding tourism) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 11 - Exports and Imports

                                                                                                                                                                        
                                       First nine months                                                                  
                                       2024(1)                                                                                            2025(1)   
                                       (in millions of U.S. dollars, except averageprice of the Mexican crude oil mix )   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Oil and oil products                   U.S.$                                                                              21,402.5                  U.S.$   16,357.3    
Crude oil                                                                                                                 16,185.6                          11,646.9    
Other                                                                                                                     5,216.9                           4,710.4     
Non-oil products                                                                                                          434,357.7                         465,284.7   
Agricultural                                                                                                              17,813.6                          16,272.4    
Mining                                                                                                                    7,703.4                           9,537.3     
Manufactured goods(2)                                                                                                     408,840.7                         439,475.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise exports                                                                                                 455,760.2                         481,642.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Consumer goods                                                                                                            74,534.7                          70,215.0    
Intermediate goods(2)                                                                                                     354,900.0                         372,582.5   
Capital goods                                                                                                             45,797.4                          41,772.0    
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise imports                                                                                                 475,232.1                         484,569.5   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Trade balance                          U.S.$                                                                              (19,471.9   )             U.S.$   (2,927.5    ) 
                                                                                                                                                                        
Average price of Mexican oil mix(3)    U.S.$                                                                              72.1                      U.S.$   62.6        
                                                                                                                                                                        


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Includes the in-bond industry.

(3)

In U.S. dollars per barrel.

Source: Banco de México/PEMEX.

Foreign Trade Relations and Agreements

On August 28, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Mexico and Brazil had signed agreements on trade, health, agriculture, and energy to strengthen bilateral cooperation and expand opportunities for joint development.

On November 28, 2025, representatives of Mexico and Canada attended the first meeting of the Asociación Estratégica Integral México-Canadá (Mexico-Canada Integral Strategic Association, or AEIMC), with the aim of strengthening bilateral cooperation in priority sectors that contribute to joint development and well-being of both countries.

S-38

Table of Contents

Balance of Payments and International Reserves

The following table sets forth Mexico's balance of payments for the periods indicated:

Table No. 12 - Balance of Payments

                                                                                                              
                                First nine months               
                                2024(1)                                         2025(1)   
                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Current account(2)              U.S.$                           (27,525.5   )             U.S.$   (11,782.2   ) 
Credits                                                         568,480.7                         593,921.2   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                    456,262.2                         482,234.2   
Non-factor services                                             46,182.3                          48,732.8    
Transport                                                       7,665.1                           5,965.1     
Tourism                                                         24,266.8                          25,778.4    
Insurance and pensions                                          4,243.3                           3,684.2     
Financial services                                              663.7                             736.6       
Others                                                          9,343.4                           12,568.4    
Primary income                                                  16,927.9                          16,500.3    
Secondary income                                                49,108.3                          46,453.9    
Debits                                                          596,006.2                         605,703.4   
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                    475,763.6                         485,133.9   
Non-factor services                                             53,358.3                          54,937.4    
Transport                                                       18,795.4                          18,996.5    
Tourism                                                         7,947.9                           9,649.5     
Insurance and pensions                                          7,560.0                           7,520.4     
Financial services                                              2,309.3                           1,426.9     
Others                                                          16,745.8                          17,344.0    
Primary income                                                  65,800.5                          64,708.0    
Secondary income                                                1,083.8                           924.2       
Capital account                                                 (55.3       )                     (24.7       ) 
Credit                                                          266.8                             169.8       
Debit                                                           322.1                             194.5       
Financial account                                               (25,963.4   )                     (2,110.3    ) 
Direct investment                                               (32,363.2   )                     (33,820.9   ) 
Portfolio investment                                            1,319.3                           2,408.2     
Financial derivatives                                           2,610.2                           2,798.8     
Other investment                                                (8,998.1    )                     8,644.7     
Reserve assets                                                  11,468.3                          17,858.9    
International reserves                                          17,453.7                          27,520.1    
Valuation adjustment                                            5,985.4                           9,661.2     
Errors and omissions                                            1,617.4                           9,696.5     


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Current account figures are calculated according to a methodology developed to conform to new international standards under which merchandise exports and merchandise imports include the in-bound industry.

Source: Banco de México.

In the third quarter of 2025, Mexico's current account registered a surplus of U.S.$2.32 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, compared to a deficit of U.S.$2.04 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, in the third quarter of 2024. The increase in the current account balance was mainly due to an increase in the balance of non-oil goods and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in the primary income deficit. This was partially offset by a reduction in the secondary income surplus and increases in the deficits in services and oil goods.

S-39

Table of Contents

International Reserves and Assets

The following table sets forth Banco de México's international reserves and net international assets at the end of each period indicated.

Table No. 13 - International Reserves and Net International Assets(1)

                                                                                                                     
             End-of-PeriodInternational Reserves(2)(3)             End-of-PeriodNet International Assets   
             (in billions of U.S dollars)                
2022                                                     199.1                                               201.1   
2023                                                     212.8                                               214.3   
2024                                                     228.8                                               231.8   
2025:                                                                                                                
January                                                  230.8                                               240.7   
February                                                 234.3                                               245.5   
March                                                    237.0                                               246.5   
April                                                    239.1                                               245.8   
May                                                      240.0                                               246.2   
June                                                     241.5                                               248.9   
July                                                     242.3                                               251.2   
August                                                   244.4                                               248.9   
September                                                246.8                                               267.2   
October                                                  248.9                                               257.0   
November                                                 250.2                                               255.7   


(1)

"Net international assets" are defined as: (a) gross international reserves, plus (b) assets with maturities greater than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks, less (x) liabilities outstanding to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and (y) liabilities with maturities of less than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks.

(2)

Includes gold, Special Drawing Rights (international reserve assets created by the IMF) and foreign exchange holdings.

(3)

"International reserves" are equivalent to: (a) gross international reserves, minus (b) international liabilities of Banco de México with maturities of less than six months.

(4)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Foreign Investment in Mexico

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Economy reported that, in the first three quarters of 2025, Foreign Direct Investment in Mexico reached a historic high of U.S.$40.9 billion, a 14.5% increase compared to U.S.$35.7 billion in the same period in 2024.

S-40

Table of Contents

PUBLIC FINANCE

General

At the end of the third quarter of 2025, public finances remained consistent with the fiscal goals outlined in the 2025 Economic Package, reflecting an annual reduction in the budget deficit.

Fiscal policy

In September 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit published the Criterios Generales de Política Económica (General Criteria for Economic Policy) for 2026, on the basis of the Paquete Económico 2026 (2026 Economic Package) which sets forth a fiscal policy that aims to, among other objectives, (i) preserve macroeconomic stability, (ii) achieve the gradual normalization of the budget deficit and a sustainable level of public debt, and (iii) guarantee public investment in welfare programs, health sector policies, the strengthening of education and social housing and other priority programs, in accordance with the Estrategia Nacional de Industrialización y Prosperidad Compartida "Plan México" (the National Strategy for Industrialization and Shared Prosperity, or Plan Mexico).

The Budget

On November 7 and November 21, 2025, the Ley de Ingresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Federal Revenue Law, or the 2026 Revenue Law) and the Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal de 2026 (Federal Expenditure Budget for 2026, or the 2026 Expenditure Budget) were published in the Official Gazette, respectively.

Selected estimated budget expenditures and preliminary results are set forth in the table below.

Table No. 14 - Selected Budgetary Expenditures; 2025 Expenditure Budget

(In Billions of Pesos)

                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                     Actual                                              
                                     2024(1)               First nine monthsof 2024(1)                 First nine monthsof 2025(1)           2025 Budget(2)   
Health                               Ps.       65.6                                      Ps.   48.6                                    Ps.   42.6                 Ps.   66.7      
Education                                      449.1                                           344.2                                         383.4                      450.9     
Housing and community development              15.1                                            14.0                                          15.8                       38.0      
Government debt service                        1,042.5                                         773.1                                         846.4                      1,149.6   
CFE and PEMEX debt service                     107.9                                           139.9                                         176.8                      186.4     
PEMEX debt service                             73.1                                            111.6                                         143.5                      147.9     
CFE debt service                               34.7                                            28.3                                          33.4                       38.5      


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-41

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth the budgetary results for the periods indicated. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 and 2026 Budgets.

Table No. 15 - Budgetary Results; 2025 and 2026 Budget Assumptions and Targets

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                             Actual                                        
                                                             2024(1)     First ninemonths of2024(1)        First ninemonths of2025(1)     2025 Budget(2)           2026 Budget(2) 
Real GDP growth (%)(3)                                                   1.4                          %                                                    1.7     %          0.1     %          0.5-1.5   %          1.8-2.8   % 
Increase in the national consumer price index (%)(4)                     4.2                          %                                                    4.6     %          3.8     %          3.8       %          3.0       % 
Average export price of Mexican oil mix (U.S.$/barrel)(5)                70.24                                                                             72.06              62.58              62.0                 54.9      
Average exchange rate (Ps./$1.00)                                        18.3                                                                              17.7               19.5               19.6                 19.3      
Average rate on 28-day Cetes (%)                                         10.7                         %                                                    10.9    %          8.5     %          8.4       %          6.6       % 
Public sector balance as % of GDP(6)                                     (5.0                         )%                                                   (3.0    )%         (2.2    )%         (3.6      )%         (3.6      )% 
Primary balance as % of GDP(6)                                           (1.5                         )%                                                   (0.6    )%         0.5     %          0.2       %          0.5       % 
Current account balance as % of GDP                                      (0.9                         )%                                                   (2.0    )%         (0.9    )%         (0.3      )%         (0.6      )% 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 and 2026 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025 and 2026, respectively. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 and 2026 economic results.

(3)

Figures represent year-over-year change for the first nine months of 2024 and first nine months of 2025.

(4)

Figures represent the 12-month percentage change in the consumer price index for the last month in the period indicated.

(5)

The Government entered into hedging agreements to mitigate the effects of a change in oil prices with respect to the level that was assumed in the 2025 Revenue Law. Therefore, the approved expenditures level should not be affected if the weighted average price of crude oil exported by PEMEX for the year falls below the price assumed in the 2025 Budget.

(6)

Includes the effect of expenditures related to the issuance of bonds pursuant to reforms to the Ley del Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado (Law of the Institute for Social Security and Social Services of Government Workers, or ISSSTE Law) and the recognition as public sector debt of certain long-term infrastructure-related projects (PIDIREGAS) obligations, as discussed under "Public Finance-Revenues and Expenditures-General" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-42

Table of Contents

Revenues and Expenditures

General

On November 27, 2025, the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (National Institute of Statistics and Geography, or INEGI) published the Estadística de Finanzas Públicas Estatales y Municipales 2024 (State and Municipal Public Finance Statistics, or EFIPEM), which consolidates information on revenue, expenditure, public debt and federal transfers by state and municipality based on data reported by local treasuries. The EFIPEM allows for the monitoring of state and municipal budget execution and multi-year fiscal planning, and provides key inputs for performance evaluation and the aligning of public spending with the objectives of the Plan Nacional de Desarrollo 2025-2030 (National Development Plan 2025-2030) and Mexico's international sustainable development commitments.

The following table presents the composition of public sector budgetary revenues for the first nine months of 2024 and 2025 in billions of pesos. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 Budget.

Table No. 16 - Public Sector Budgetary Revenues

(In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                               Actual                       
                                                                               First ninemonths of2024(2)               First ninemonths of2025(2)               2025 Budget(3)   
Budgetary revenues                                                                                          5,624.4                                    6,247.7                        8,055.6   
Federal Government                                                                                          4,070.9                                    4,615.3                        5,952.0   
Taxes                                                                                                       3,696.2                                    4,107.3                        5,297.8   
Income tax(4)                                                                                               2,036.3                                    2,243.2                        2,859.7   
Value-added tax                                                                                             1,038.8                                    1,149.4                        1,463.3   
Excise taxes                                                                                                449.9                                      495.8                          713.8     
Import duties                                                                                               98.0                                       125.8                          151.8     
Tax on the exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons                                                     5.1                                        5.0                            7.1       
Export duties                                                                                               0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Other                                                                                                       68.0                                       88.1                           102.0     
Non-tax revenue                                                                                             373.4                                      508.0                          654.2     
Fees and tolls(5)                                                                                           112.6                                      126.3                          151.2     
Transfers from the Mexican Petroleum Fund for Stabilization and Development                                 106.0                                      185.2                          279.8     
Fines and surcharges                                                                                        154.8                                      196.4                          223.2     
Other                                                                                                       0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Public enterprises and agencies                                                                             1,553.6                                    1,632.4                        2,103.7   
PEMEX(6)                                                                                                    667.3                                      737.5                          860.9     
Others(7)                                                                                                   886.3                                      894.9                          1,242.8   


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Nominal pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

(4)

Includes tax and oil Impuesto Sobre la Renta (Income Tax).

(5)

Includes oil and non-tax duties.

(6)

Includes oil revenues, which are classified as non-tax revenues for information consistency purposes.

(7)

Includes CFE, IMSS and ISSSTE.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

Revenues

Taxation and Tax Revenues

On October 31, 2025, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) recognized Mexico and its tax authority, the Servicio de Administración Tributaria (Tax Administration Service), for providing tax certainty for high-income taxpayers.

S-43

Table of Contents

Pursuant to the 2026 Revenue Law, the rates in cases of unpaid tax assessments are modified, starting in 2026, to reflect (i) increasing the rate on outstanding balances from 0.98% to 1.38% per month, and (ii) when payment by installments is authorized, increasing the rate from 1.26% to 1.42% per month, from 1.53% to 1.63% per month and from 1.82% to 1.97% per month for installment plans of up to 12 months, installments plans of between 12 and 24 months and installments plans of over 12 months or deferred payment plans, respectively.

Expenditures

Health and Labor, Education and Other Social Welfare Expenditures

On November 10, 2025, the Programa Institucional 2025-2030 del Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública (Institutional Program 2025-2030 of the National Institute of Public Health) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of improving public health in Mexico through scientific research and development, and by implementing a healthcare approach based on equity, social justice and collective well-being.

On November 25, 2025, the Consejo Nacional de Inclusión Financiera (National Council for Financial Inclusion, or CONAIF) presented the Política Nacional de Inclusión Financiera 2025-2030 (National Financial Inclusion Policy 2025-2030), which aims to promote the financial inclusion of individuals and businesses in Mexico.

On December 2, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced the launch of 500 Farmacias del Bienestar (Well-being Pharmacies), which aim to benefit elderly populations and those with disabilities by improving access to medication, with plans to implement them throughout Mexico by March 2026.

On December 5, 2025, the Programa Institucional de Financiera Para el Bienestar 2025-2030 (Institutional Program of Finance Entity for Well-Being) 2025-2030) was published in the Official Gazette, outlining the five-year program of the decentralized agency tasked, with serving the interests of vulnerable populations in the financial system, including by providing reliable and timely financial services and products.

Government Agencies and Enterprises

On December 10, 2025, the Ministry of Economy published the Calendario de Presupuesto Autorizado a la Secretaría de Economía y Entidades Paraestatales Apoyadas para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Authorized Budget Calendar for the Ministry of Economy and Supported Parastatal Entities for Fiscal Year 2026) in the Official Gazette.

PUBLIC DEBT

Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

The following table sets forth the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements as a percentage of GDP at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 17 - Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

(Percentage of GDP)(1)

                                                                                                                                        
                                                              At September 30, 2024(2)             At September 30, 2025(2)   
Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements                               49.3%                                  49.9%   


(1)

The calculation of Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements is discussed in footnote 1 to Table No. 67 in "Public Debt-Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

For an explanation of Mexico's public debt classification, including an explanation of the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements, please see "Public Debt-Public Debt Classification" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-44

Table of Contents

Internal Debt

On October 2, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 137.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 34.2 billion, Ps. 66.4 billion, and Ps. 36.4 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-term instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On October 31, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 165.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 27.0 billion, Ps. 49.1 billion, and Ps. 88.9 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-dated instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On December 5, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out sustainability-linked bond offerings in the local market in the amount of Ps. 26,200 million consisting of an issuance of BONDES G with two, four and six year maturities and an issuance of a Bono S with a 10 year maturity, each under the SDG Sovereign Bond Framework.

Internal Public Sector Debt

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the public sector at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 18 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Public Sector

                                                                                                                                      
                                                At September 30, 2024(1)                  At September 30, 2025(1)   
                                                (in billions of pesos)     
Gross Debt                                      Ps.                        13,330.7                                  Ps.   14,909.6   
By Term                                                                                                                               
Long-term                                                                  12,532.0                                        14,302.9   
Short-term                                                                 798.7                                           606.6      
By User                                                                                                                               
Federal Government                                                         12,595.0                                        14,171.6   
State-Owned Public Companies (PEMEX and CFE)                               326.6                                           301.7      
Development Banks                                                          409.1                                           436.2      
Financial Assets                                                           760.6                                           1,103.5    
Total Net Debt                                  Ps.                        12,570.1                                  Ps.   13,806.1   
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                    40.3       %                                    42.7       % 
Net Internal Debt/GDP(2)                                                   38.0       %                                    39.6       % 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

The calculation of net internal debt is discussed in footnote 2 to Table No. 68 in "Public Debt-Internal Debt-Internal Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-45

Table of Contents

Internal Government Debt

As of January 2, 2026, there was no debt of any state or municipality guaranteed by the Government outstanding.

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the Government at each of the dates indicated.

Table No. 19 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Government(1)

                                                                                                                                                                     
                           At September 30, 2024                                          At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in billions of pesos, except percentages)   
Government Securities                                                   Ps.12,108.8                                    96.1    %       Ps.13,699.2           96.7    % 
Cetes                                                                   1,764.2                                        14.0            2,034.5               14.4    
Floating Rate Bonds(5)                                                  2,190.5                                        17.4            2,216.0               15.6    
Inflation-Linked Bonds                                                  3,583.8                                        28.5            4,209.1               29.7    
Fixed Rate Bonds                                                        4,560.3                                        36.2            5,264.3               37.1    
STRIPS of Udibonos                                                      9.9                                            0.1             10.2                  0.1     
Other(3)                                                                486.2                                          3.9             472.5                 3.3     
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Gross Debt                                                        Ps.12,595.0                                    100.0   %       Ps.14,171.6           100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Net Debt                                                                                                                                                             
Financial Assets(4)                                                     437.2                                                          500.9                         
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Net Debt                                                          Ps.12,157.8                                                    Ps.13,670.7                   
                                                                                                                                                                     
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                 38.0          %                                                40.6          %               
Net Internal Debt/GDP                                                   36.7          %                                                39.2          %               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Internal debt figures do not include securities sold by Banco de México in open-market operations to manage liquidity levels pursuant to Regulación Monetaria. This is because such sales do not increase the Government's overall level of internal debt. Banco de México must reimburse the Government for any allocated debt that Banco de México sells into the secondary market and that is presented to the Government for payment. If Banco de México undertakes extensive sales of allocated debt in the secondary market, however, this can result in an elevated level of outstanding internal debt as compared to the Government's figure for net internal debt.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

Includes Ps. 98.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and Ps. 88.0 billion at September 30, 2025 in liabilities associated with social security under the ISSSTE Law.

(4)

Includes the net balance (denominated in pesos) of the General Account of the Tesorería de la Federación (Treasury of the Federation) in Banco de México.

(5)

Figures correspond to BONDES D floating rate bonds, which are linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE), whereas BONDES F and BONDES G are floating-rate bonds linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio de fondeo (funding equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIEF).

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Debt

On September 8, 2025, Standard & Poor's affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

On October 28, 2025, HR Ratings affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB+, changing the outlook from negative to stable.

On October 30, 2025, Kroll Bond Rating Agency affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

External Public Sector Debt

According to preliminary figures, as of September 30, 2025, outstanding gross external public sector debt totaled U.S.$256.4 billion, an approximate U.S.$35.3 billion increase from the U.S.$221.0 billion outstanding on December 31, 2024. Of this amount, U.S.$254.2 billion represented long-term debt and U.S.$2.2 billion represented short-term debt. Net external indebtedness increased by U.S.$25.3 billion during the first nine months of 2025.

S-46

Table of Contents

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external public sector debt, including a breakdown of such debt by type, a breakdown of such debt by currency and net external public sector debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 20 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Type(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                             
                                                At September 30, 2024(3)                      At September 30, 2025(3)   
                                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Long-Term Direct Debt of the Government         U.S.$                           128,907.8                                U.S.$   153,002.7   
Long-Term Debt of Budget Controlled Agencies                                    83,991.7                                         95,804.1    
Other Long-Term Public Debt(4)                                                  5,081.3                                          5,352.0     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long-Term Debt                            U.S.$                           217,980.8                                U.S.$   254,158.8   
                                                                                                                                             
Total Short-Term Debt                                                           6,767.7                                          2,196.1     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long- and Short-Term Debt                 U.S.$                           224,748.5                                U.S.$   256,354.9   
                                                                                                                                             


Table No. 21 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Currency(1)

                                                                                                                                                                       
                   At September 30, 2024 (3)                                             At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   168,884.1                                   75.1    %     U.S.$   190,191.4         74.2    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               7,123.6                                     3.2                   7,078.9           2.8     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                     1.4                   4,371.3           1.7     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,944.6                                     0.9                   1,952.1           0.8     
Euros                                                                      30,375.7                                    13.5                  36,911.9          14.4    
Others                                                                     13,343.5                                    5.9                   15,849.3          6.2     
                                                                                                                                                                       
Total              U.S.$                                                   224,748.9                                   100.0   %     U.S.$   256,354.9         100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                       


Table No. 22 - Net External Debt of the Public Sector(1)

                                                                                                                                                   
                           At September 30, 2024 (3)                                               At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   219,817.5                                   U.S.$   243,645.2   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            13.0        %                                       13.0        % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              12.7        %                                       12.4        % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

External debt denominated in foreign currencies other than U.S. dollars has been translated into dollars at exchange rates as of each of the dates indicated. External public debt does not include (a) repurchase obligations of Banco de México with the IMF (none of which was outstanding as of September 30, 2025) or (b) loans from the Commodity Credit Corporation to public sector Mexican banks. External debt is presented herein on a "gross" basis and includes external obligations of the public sector at their full outstanding face or principal amount. For certain informational and statistical purposes, Mexico sometimes reports its external public sector debt on a "net" basis, which is calculated as the gross debt net of certain financial assets held abroad. These financial assets include Mexican public sector external debt that is held by public sector entities but that has not been cancelled.

(3)

Adjusted to reflect the effect of currency swaps.

(4)

Includes debt of development banks and other administratively-controlled agencies whose finances are consolidated with those of the Government.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-47

Table of Contents

External Government Debt

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external Government debt, including the gross external Government debt, net external Government debt and net Government debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 23 - Gross External Debt of the Government by Currency

                                                                                                                                                                      
                   At September 30, 2024                                                 At September 30, 2025(2)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   82,687.5                                   64.1    %     U.S.$   95,634.8          62.5    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               6,305.8                                    4.9                   6,286.8           4.1     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                    2.4                   4,371.3           2.9     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,341.1                                    1.0                   1,346.3           0.9     
Euros                                                                      22,976.7                                   17.8                  30,286.3          19.8    
Others                                                                     12,519.4                                   9.7                   15,077.2          9.9     
                                                                                                                                                                      
Total              U.S.$                                                   128,907.9                                  100.0         U.S.$   153,002.7         100.0   
                                                                                                                                                                      


Table No. 24 - Net External Debt of the Government

                                                                                                                                                    
                           At September 30, 2024                                                     At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   125,755.2                                    U.S.$   150,368.7   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            7.5         %(2)                                     7.8         % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              7.3         %(2)                                     7.7         % 


Table No. 25 - Net Debt of the Government

                                                                                           
                    At September 30, 2024              At September 30, 2025(2)   
Internal Debt                               83.1   %                                83.2   % 
External Debt(1)                            16.9   %                                16.8   % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

The calculation of external debt is discussed in footnote 3 to Table No. 77 in "Public Debt-External Public Debt-External Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Securities Offerings and Liability Management Transactions

On September 19, 2025, Mexico issued €2,500,000,000 of its 3.500% Global Notes due 2029, €1,500,000,000 of its 4.500% Global Notes due 2034 and €1,250,000,000 of its 5.125% Global Notes due 2038.

On September 22, 2025, Mexico issued $1,500,000,000 of its 4.750% Global Notes due 2031, $4,000,000,000 of its 5.375% Global Notes due 2033 and $2,500,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2035.

IMF Credit Lines

On November 13, 2025, the IMF Executive Board renewed the Flexible Credit Line Arrangement with Mexico for two more years, maintaining it as a precautionary instrument to support external resilience.

S-48

Table of Contents

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

The underwriters severally have agreed to purchase, and Mexico has agreed to sell to them, the principal amount of each series of notes listed opposite their names below. The terms agreement, dated as of January 5, 2026, between Mexico and the underwriters provides the terms and conditions that govern this purchase.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Underwriters                     Principal Amountof the 2034 notes                     Principal Amountof the 2038 notes                           Principal Amountof the 2056 notes   
Barclays Capital Inc.            U.S.$                               600,000,000                                           U.S.$   800,000,000                                           U.S.$   400,000,000     
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.    U.S.$                               600,000,000                                           U.S.$   800,000,000                                           U.S.$   400,000,000     
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.       U.S.$                               600,000,000                                           U.S.$   800,000,000                                           U.S.$   400,000,000     
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC         U.S.$                               600,000,000                                           U.S.$   800,000,000                                           U.S.$   400,000,000     
Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.        U.S.$                               600,000,000                                           U.S.$   800,000,000                                           U.S.$   400,000,000     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Total                            U.S.$                               3,000,000,000                                         U.S.$   4,000,000,000                                         U.S.$   2,000,000,000   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 


Barclays Capital Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. are acting as joint lead underwriters in connection with the offering of the notes.

The underwriters plan to offer the notes to the public at the respective public offering price set forth for the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. After the initial offering of the notes, the underwriters may vary the offering price and other selling terms. The underwriters may offer and sell the notes through certain of their respective affiliates. Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

The underwriters are purchasing and offering the notes, subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of the validity of the notes by counsel and other conditions contained in the terms agreement, such as the receipt by the underwriters of certificates of officials and legal opinions. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders, in whole or in part.

Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Mexico or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mexico or its affiliates. If any of the underwriters or their affiliates has a lending relationship with us, certain of those underwriters or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those underwriters or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, these underwriters and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in our securities, including potentially the notes offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the notes offered hereby. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

S-49

Table of Contents

In order to facilitate the offering of the notes, the underwriters and their affiliates may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or affect the price of the notes. In particular, the underwriters or their affiliates may:

•

over-allot in connection with the offering (i.e., apportion to dealers more of the notes than the underwriters have), creating a short position in the notes for their own accounts;

•

bid for and purchase notes in the open market to cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the notes; or

•

if the underwriters or their affiliates repurchase previously distributed notes, reclaim selling concessions which they gave to dealers when they sold the notes.

Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the notes above independent market levels. The underwriters or their affiliates are not required to engage in these activities, but, if they do, they may discontinue them at any time.

Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the underwriters, or any person acting on behalf of the underwriters, in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. This supplements the stabilization provision in the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025 issued by Mexico.

It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on the fourth business day following the date hereof (such settlement cycle being referred to herein as "T+4"). Trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+4, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery should consult their own advisors.

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately U.S.$8,928,490,000, after the deduction of the underwriting discount and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately U.S.$330,000.

The underwriters have agreed to pay for certain expenses of Mexico in connection with the offering of the notes.

Mexico has agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or to contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in respect of any of those liabilities.

Selling Restrictions

The notes are being offered for sale in jurisdictions where it is legal to make such offers. The notes will not be sold or offered in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. There will not be any distribution or publication of any document or information relating to the notes in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. If you receive this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, then you must comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the place where you (a) purchase, offer, sell or deliver the notes or (b) possess, distribute or publish any offering material relating to the notes. Your compliance with these laws and regulations will be at your own expense.

S-50

Table of Contents

In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay. See below and "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus for further details on the restrictions on the offer and sale of the notes.

The terms relating to non-U.S. offerings that appear under "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus do not apply to the offer and sale of the notes under the registration statement.

Austria

This document (the prospectus supplement and prospectus) is not an approved securities prospectus pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ("Prospectus Regulation") and the information contained herein does not constitute a public offer to grant or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the notes. No prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be provided or approved in the Republic of Austria and no prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be passported into the Republic of Austria as the notes are only offered in the Republic of Austria in reliance on an exemption from the prospectus publication requirement under the Prospectus Regulation.

This document does not constitute a public offering (öffentliches Angebot) to investors in the Republic of Austria and must not be used in conjunction with a public offering pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) in the Republic of Austria. No prospectus pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) has been or will be approved (gebilligt) by or notified (notifiziert) to the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsicht) and no such prospectus has been or will be published in Austria in any way which would constitute a public offering under Austrian law (whether presently or in the future), nor has been or will such prospectus be deposited with the filing office (Meldestelle) of Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG.

This document is being made available in the Republic of Austria for the sole purpose of providing information about the securities described herein solely to individually qualified investors in Austria. This document is being made available on the condition that it is solely for the use of the recipient as a potential and individually qualified investor and may not be passed on to any other person or reproduced in whole or in part.

Consequently, the note are not authorized for public offering under the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) and no public offers or public sales or invitation to make such an offer may be made. No advertisements may be published and no marketing materials may be made available or distributed in the Republic of Austria in respect of the securities. A public offering of the securities in the Republic of Austria without the prior publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Austrian Capital Market Act would constitute a criminal offense under Austrian law.

S-51

Table of Contents

Belgium

In Belgium, this offer is not directly or indirectly, being made to, or for the account of, any person other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers/investisseurs qualifiés) within the meaning of Article 2, e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. (Règlement (UE) 2017/1129 du 14 juin 2017 du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant le prospectus à publier en cas d'offre au public de valeurs mobilières ou en vue de l'admission de valeurs mobilières à la négociation sur un marché réglementé, et abrogeant la directive 2003/71/CE/Verordening (EU) 2017/1129 van het Europees Parlement en de Raad van 14 juni 2017 betreffende het prospectus dat moet worden gepubliceerd wanneer effecten aan het publiek worden aangeboden of tot de handel op een gereglementeerde markt worden toegelaten en tot intrekking van Richtlijn 2003/71/EG) ("The Regulation"), as amended or replaced from time to time, and that do not qualify as consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law of February 28, 2013 (Qualified Belgian Investors). As a result, and further to Article 1, 4, a of The Regulation this offer does not constitute a public offer pursuant to Article 3, 1 of The Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time. Consequently, the offer has not been and will not be notified to, and the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and any other offering material relating to the offer has not been, and will not be, submitted to nor approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) pursuant to the Belgian laws and regulations applicable to the public offering of securities. The offer as well as any other materials relating to the offer may not be advertised, and this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus or any other information circular, brochure or similar document may not be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Belgium other than Qualified Belgian Investors, acting on their own account, and may not be used in connection with any offering in Belgium except as may otherwise be permitted by law.

Brazil

The offer and sale of the notes have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários, or "CVM") and, therefore, will not be carried out by any means that would constitute a public offering in Brazil under CVM Resolution No 160, dated 13 July 2022, as amended ("CVM Resolution 160") or unauthorized distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The notes will be authorized for trading on organized non-Brazilian securities markets and may only be offered to Brazilian professional investors (as defined by applicable CVM regulation), who may only acquire the notes through a non-Brazilian account, with settlement outside Brazil in non-Brazilian currency. The trading of these securities on regulated securities markets in Brazil is prohibited.

Canada

The notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to section 3A.4 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

S-52

Table of Contents

Chile

Notice to Chilean Investors

The offer of the notes in Chile is made solely on a private placement basis, pursuant to CMF General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, as amended by the Financial Market Commission of Chile (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, or "CMF") General Rule No. 452 ("Rule 336"), and only to persons in Chile that qualify as "Qualified Investors" (Inversionistas Calificados) under CMF General Rule No. 216, including, as applicable, "Institutional Investors" under CMF General Rule No. 410.

Pursuant to Rule 336, the following information is made available to prospective investors in Chile:

(1)

Date of commencement of the offer: January 5, 2026;

(2)

the notes are not registered in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) kept by the CMF, and therefore are not subject to the supervision of the CMF;

(3)

since the notes are not registered in Chile, the issuer has no obligation to provide public information in Chile regarding the notes; and

(4)

the notes may not be publicly offered in Chile unless they are registered with the relevant CMF registries.

The notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Chile or to any person resident or domiciled in Chile, except in transactions that qualify as a private offering under Rule 336. No public marketing, advertising or general solicitation may be conducted in or from Chile and offering materials may not be publicly distributed or made available in Chile (including through unrestricted electronic means). Investors in Chile will be required to represent their status as Qualified Investors and acknowledge these restrictions.

Colombia

The notes may not be offered, sold or negotiated in Colombia, except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The notes have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Issuers and Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) managed by the Colombian Superintendence of Finance, therefore, this document does not constitute and may not be used for, or in connection with, a public offering as defined under Colombian law.

Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

(a)

a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

(b)

a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

S-53

Table of Contents

France

The notes may not be offered or sold or caused to be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France and neither this prospectus supplement and the related prospectus, which have not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers ("AMF"), nor to a competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area (a "Member State") that would have notified its approval to the AMF in accordance with the passport procedure provided under the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in France and in the relevant Member State, nor any other offering material or information contained therein relating to the notes may be released, issued or distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, or used in connection with any offer for subscription, exchange or sale of the notes to the public in France.

Any such offers, sales and distributions may be made in France only to (i) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in article 2 point (e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or to (ii) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in Articles L. 411-2(1) and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1 and L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

Germany

This document does not constitute a prospectus compliant with the Prospectus Regulation and does therefore not allow any public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"). No prospectus (Prospekt) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) or any other applicable laws in Germany has been or will be published in Germany, nor has this document been filed with, approved by or notified to the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) for publication in Germany.

This document is strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus are strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

Hong Kong

The notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O, and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

S-54

Table of Contents

The contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Each intermediary or purchaser of the notes is advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer of the notes and, if in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, should obtain independent professional advice.

The notes are not the equivalent to time deposits and are not protected deposits under the Deposit Protection Scheme in Hong Kong.

Italy

The offering of the notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus nor any other document relating to any notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

The offering of the notes is being carried out in the Republic of Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 1, paragraph 4, letter c), of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

The notes may not be offered, sold or delivered nor any copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement and/or any other document relating to the notes may be distributed in the Republic of Italy except in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as provided under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the "Consolidated Financial Act") and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the "Issuer Regulation").

Any offer, sale or delivery of the notes or distribution of copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement or any other document relating to the notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling restrictions set out above and be:

(a)

made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") (in each case, as amended) and any other applicable laws or regulation;

(b)

in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and

(c)

in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.

Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the notes or the relevant offering.

Japan

The notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and each underwriter and agent will represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

S-55

Table of Contents

Luxembourg

The notes may not be offered to the public in Luxembourg, except in the following circumstances:

(a)

in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those notes which have been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (CSSF) in Luxembourg or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant European Union Member State and notified to ESMA and the CSSF, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication (hereafter a "Public offer");

(b)

at any time to qualified investors, which, pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, means persons or entities that are listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with Section II of that Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of Directive 2014/65/EU unless they have entered into an agreement to be treated as non-professional clients in accordance with the fourth paragraph of Section I of that Annex. For the purposes of applying the first sentence of this point, investment firms and credit institutions shall, upon request from the issuer, communicate the classification of their clients to the issuer subject to compliance with the relevant laws on data protection;

(c)

an offer of securities addressed to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State, other than qualified investors; and/or

(d)

at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the issuer of a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation.

The applicability of the selling restrictions provided by Luxembourg law will depend on whether the invitation is to be treated as a public offer or whether it can be made under one of the exemptions of Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "private placement").

For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of notes to the public in relation to any notes in Luxembourg means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase the notes, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or any variation thereof or amendment thereto.

S-56

Table of Contents

Mexico

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV, and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors in Mexico that qualify as institutional and accredited investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

Netherlands

The notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).

Peru

The notes and the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been and will not be registered with or approved by the SMV, SBS, as defined under Peruvian law, or the Lima Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the notes cannot be offered or sold in Peru, except if such offering is a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian Securities Market Law establishes that any offering may qualify as a private offering if it is directed exclusively to institutional investors.

Singapore

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term or provision as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time.

Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore: The notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

S-57

Table of Contents

Spain

The notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of the notes be carried out in Spain except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under the (i) Spanish Securities Markets Act, Law 6/2023 on the Securities Markets and Investment Services, dated March 17 (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), the (ii) Prospectus Regulation, and (iii) supplemental rules enacted thereunder.

The notes may only be offered in Spain by entities authorized under the Spanish Securities Markets Act and Royal Decree 813/2023, of November 8, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and other entities that provide investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the provisions thereunder.

Offers of notes in Spain shall only be directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible counterparties, as defined in articles 194 and 196 of the Spanish Securities Market Act, respectively.

None of the notes, this offering or this prospectus supplement and its contents have been approved or registered with the Spanish Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).

Switzerland

The offer of the notes is made in Switzerland on the basis of a private placement, not as a public offering. The notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer of the notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

United Kingdom

Each underwriter has, severally and not jointly, represented and agreed that:

(a)

it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuer; and

(b)

it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.

S-58

Table of Contents

Uruguay

The sale of any series of notes issued hereby qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627. Mexico represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any notes to the public in Uruguay, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The sale of any series of notes hereunder is not and will not be registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay.

S-59

Table of Contents

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público

Insurgentes Sur 1971

Torre III, Piso 7

Colonia Guadalupe Inn

Ciudad de México, México, 01020

TRUSTEE, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

1 Columbus Circle, Floor 4S

New York, New York 10019

LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

69 route d'Esch

L - 2953 Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

LEGAL ADVISORS TO MEXICO

                                                                                                       
As to United States LawCleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLPOne Liberty PlazaNew York, New York 10006  As to Mexican LawDeputy Federal Fiscal Attorney for Financial AffairsMinistry of Finance and Public CreditInsurgentes Sur 795Piso 12Colonia NápolesCiudad de México, México, 03810


LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE UNDERWRITERS

                                                                                          
As to United States LawSullivan & Cromwell LLP125 Broad StreetNew York, New York 10004   As to Mexican LawRitch, Mueller y Nicolau, S.C.Av. Pedregal No. 24Piso 10Col. Molino del ReyCiudad de México, México, 11040


S-60

Disclaimer

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 06, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 06, 2026 at 15:56 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020260106em16014ct




CE Noticias Financieras English
Investing in 2026, between risk management and cyclical catalysts

614 words
6 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

2026 is shaping up to be a unique environment for Mexican markets. The combination of domestic stability, with prudent fiscal policy, falling inflation and increasingly less restrictive monetary conditions, converges with external factors capable of changing the course of entire sectors, such as the revision of the T-MEC, tariff adjustments in the United States and the reorganization of global chains. For investors, the reading is clear. It is not just a matter of identifying opportunities, but of understanding how to capture value in a context where mastering risk will be as important as taking it.

Low-risk government-issued instruments will remain attractive in a downward rate cycle. At the same time, sectors linked to infrastructure, logistics and tourism will enter an exceptional dynamic driven by the 2026 World Cup, an event that will transcend sports to become an engine of income, consumption and operational flow for specific industries. Airports, hospitality, retail, stadiums and media will benefit from a temporary high-demand environment, with tangible effects on their financial statements. Airports will consolidate higher revenues not only from transit, but also from terminal consumption, commercial services and tourism-related mobility. In the hotel industry, occupancy rates close to the maximum will enable more profitable rate management models. Daily commerce, leveraged on territorial presence and capillarity, will see a natural increase in flow and average spending. Stadiums will monetize attendance, experiences, associated events and related activities, such as sports entertainment. The media, meanwhile, will compete for the most valuable asset of the digital economy: attention; transforming audiences into advertising revenue and platforms into strategic assets. Thus, infrastructure, media and brands linked to the World Cup will take advantage of the global exposure to strengthen their positioning and generate attractive returns. Cities such as Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mexico City are preparing to receive a wave of visitors that will trigger hotel, transportation and entertainment infrastructure projects. Investment in these areas will not only generate immediate profitability, but will also consolidate long-term capabilities to position the country as a competitive destination. In parallel, the real estate market will continue to strengthen, driven by the expansion of Infrastructure and Real Estate Trusts (FIBRAS), instruments that combine stable yields with exposure to the real sector. Manufacturing will continue to be another pillar of growth, although not without risks. The renegotiation of the T-MEC could redefine the rules of North American trade, affecting costs and competitiveness in key sectors. However, the country's geographic position and industrial base continue to be strategic advantages that support the attraction of foreign direct investment. In a complementary manner, the technology, automation and artificial intelligence sectors are consolidating as bets for the future, essential to maintain productivity and competitiveness in the digital economy.

The reconfiguration of regional trade and possible tariff tensions may affect cost structures, margins and operating models. Nearshoring, rather than a narrative of expansion, will enter a stage of adjustment aimed at competitive resilience. In light of this, currency management, liquidity protection and tactical portfolio diversification will be critical tools to avoid reactive decisions in cycles of volatility. The best opportunities in 2026 will not only arise from correctly reading the catalysts, but also from structuring investments that capture positive shocks and mitigate negative exposures. The differential will be for those who can convert these trends into consistent returns. _____ Editor's note: Jorge Enrique Velarde Chapa is a professor in the Department of Business Finance and Economics at EGADE Business School. The opinions published in this column correspond exclusively to the author. For more information on this and other topics, please visit the Opinion channel.

Document NFINCE0020260106em16005xv




CE Noticias Financieras Spanish
Invertir en 2026, entre la gestión del riesgo y los catalizadores coyunturales

622 words
6 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFNRAS
Spanish
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

El 2026 perfila un entorno singular para los mercados mexicanos. La combinación de estabilidad interna, con una política fiscal prudente, inflación a la baja y condiciones monetarias cada vez menos restrictivas, converge con factores externos capaces de cambiar el rumbo de sectores enteros, como la revisión del T-MEC, los ajustes arancelarios en Estados Unidos y la reorganización de cadenas globales. Para los inversionistas, la lectura es clara. No se trata solo de identificar oportunidades, sino de entender cómo capturar valor en un contexto donde dominar el riesgo será tan importante como asumirlo.

Los instrumentos de bajo riesgo emitidos por el gobierno mantendrán atractivo en un ciclo de tasas descendentes. A la par, sectores vinculados a infraestructura, logística y turismo entrarán a una dinámica excepcional impulsada por la Copa Mundial 2026, un evento que trascenderá lo deportivo para convertirse en un motor de ingresos, consumo y flujo operacional para industrias específicas. Aeropuertos, hotelería, comercio de proximidad, estadios y medios de comunicación se beneficiarán de un entorno de alta demanda temporal, con efectos tangibles sobre sus estados financieros. Los aeropuertos consolidarán mayores ingresos no solo por tránsito, sino por consumo en terminales, servicios comerciales y movilidad asociada al turismo. En hotelería, las tasas de ocupación cercanas al máximo habilitarán modelos más rentables de gestión tarifaria. El comercio cotidiano, apalancado en presencia territorial y capilaridad, observará un incremento natural del flujo y del gasto promedio. Los estadios monetizarán asistencia, experiencias, eventos asociados y actividades conexas, como el entretenimiento deportivo. Los medios, por su parte, competirán por el activo más valioso de la economía digital: la atención; transformando audiencias en ingresos publicitarios y plataformas en activos estratégicos. Así, infraestructura, medios y marcas vinculadas a la Copa Mundial aprovecharán la exposición global para fortalecer su posicionamiento y generar retornos atractivos. Ciudades como Monterrey, Guadalajara y Ciudad de México se preparan para recibir una ola de visitantes que detonará proyectos de infraestructura hotelera, transporte y entretenimiento. La inversión en estos rubros no solo generará rentabilidad inmediata, sino que también consolidará capacidades de largo plazo para posicionar al país como destino competitivo. En paralelo, el mercado inmobiliario seguirá fortaleciéndose, impulsado por la expansión de los Fideicomisos de Infraestructura y Bienes Raíces (FIBRAS), instrumentos que combinan rendimientos estables con exposición al sector real. La manufactura seguirá siendo otro pilar del crecimiento, aunque no exento de riesgos. La renegociación del T-MEC podría redefinir las reglas del comercio norteamericano, afectando costos y competitividad en ramas clave. Sin embargo, la posición geográfica y la base industrial del país continúan siendo ventajas estratégicas que respaldan la atracción de inversión extranjera directa. De manera complementaria, los sectores de tecnología, automatización e inteligencia artificial se consolidan como apuestas de futuro, esenciales para mantener la productividad y la competitividad en la economía digital.

La reconfiguración del comercio regional y las posibles tensiones arancelarias pueden afectar estructuras de costo, márgenes y modelos operativos. El nearshoring, más que una narrativa de expansión, entrará en una etapa de ajuste orientada a la resiliencia competitiva. Ante ello, la gestión cambiaria, la protección de liquidez y la diversificación táctica de portafolios serán herramientas de primera importancia para evitar decisiones reactivas en ciclos de volatilidad. Las mejores oportunidades de 2026 no surgirán únicamente de leer correctamente los catalizadores, sino de estructurar inversiones que capturen choques positivos y mitiguen exposiciones negativas. El diferencial será para quienes puedan convertir estas tendencias en retornos consistentes. _____ Nota del editor: Jorge Enrique Velarde Chapa es profesor del departamento de Finanzas y Economía de Negocios de EGADE Business School. Las opiniones publicadas en esta columna corresponden exclusivamente al autor. Consulta más información sobre este y otros temas en el canal Opinión

Document NFNRAS0020260106em16005qj




Foreign Desk; SECTA
Seeming to Pivot, Rubio Says U.S. Will Not 'Run' Venezuela

By Edward Wong 
2,056 words
5 January 2026
The New York Times
NYTF
Late Edition - Final
1
English
Copyright 2026 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved. 

The secretary of state said that a military ''quarantine'' on some oil exports would stay in place to put pressure on the country's acting leadership.

President Trump on Sunday night asserted again that the United States was ''in charge'' of Venezuela, hours after his top diplomat had pivoted away from such earlier suggestions of direct control to say that the administration would instead coerce cooperation from the new leadership in Caracas.

''We're dealing with the people that just got sworn in,'' Mr. Trump told reporters as he flew back to Washington from Florida. ''And don't ask me who's in charge, because I'll give you an answer, and it'll be very controversial.''

''What does that mean?'' a reporter asked.

''It means we're in charge,'' the president said.

Mr. Trump did not provide details, but he appeared to be referring to control over the Venezuelan government, whose top officials made defiant statements after the U.S. military entered the country early Saturday and seized Nicolás Maduro, the autocratic leader.

The acting leader of Venezuela, Delcy Rodríguez, a vice president under Mr. Maduro, struck a more diplomatic tone on Sunday night, saying, ''Our people and our region deserve peace and dialogue, not war.''

When asked what he needed from Ms. Rodríguez, Mr. Trump said: ''We need total access. We need access to the oil and to other things in their country that allow us to rebuild their country.''

On Sunday morning, Secretary of State Marco Rubio appeared to recast Mr. Trump's assertion a day earlier that the United States would ''run'' Venezuela, saying instead that the administration would keep a military ''quarantine'' in place on the country's oil exports to exert leverage on the new leadership there.

When asked how the United States planned to govern Venezuela, Mr. Rubio did not lay out a plan for a U.S. occupation authority, like the one that the George W. Bush administration put in place in Baghdad during the Iraq War, but spoke of leverage over a Venezuelan government run by allies of Mr. Maduro, now jailed in Brooklyn, to force policy changes.

U.S. forces will continue to prevent oil tankers on a U.S. sanctions list from entering and leaving the country until the government opens up the state-controlled oil industry to foreign investment -- presumably giving priority to American companies -- and makes other changes, he said on ''Face the Nation'' on CBS News.

''That remains in place, and that's a tremendous amount of leverage that will continue to be in place until we see changes, not just to further the national interest of the United States, which is No. 1, but also that lead to a better future for the people of Venezuela,'' he said.

And in a testy exchange later on ''Meet the Press'' on NBC News, Mr. Rubio complained that people were ''fixating'' on Mr. Trump's declaration at a news conference in Florida on Saturday that the U.S. government would run Venezuela. He added that ''it's not running -- it's running policy, the policy with regards to this.''

Mr. Rubio said on CBS that the U.S. naval force that Mr. Trump massed in the Caribbean Sea near Venezuela over recent months -- ''one of the largest naval deployments in modern history, certainly in the Western Hemisphere'' -- would remain in place to enforce the quasi blockade, with the aim of ''paralyzing that portion of how the regime, you know, generates revenue.''

And he added that Mr. Trump could put U.S. troops on the ground in Venezuela beyond the recent operation in which Army Delta Force soldiers seized Mr. Maduro, if it served American interests. The president ''does not feel like he is going to publicly rule out options that are available for the United States,'' Mr. Rubio said.

A White House official said Mr. Rubio had detailed in his interviews on Sunday what Mr. Trump had meant when he used the word ''run,'' and that there was no contradiction in their remarks. The official said top Trump aides ''will continue to diplomatically engage'' with the current leadership in Venezuela.

In Venezuela, the official line of the government remains fierce resistance to the United States. Vladimir Padrino López, the defense minister, gave a speech demanding the return of Mr. Maduro and his wife, Cilia Flores, who were flown to a Brooklyn detention center on Saturday. ''Our sovereignty has been violated and breached,'' he said, backed by uniformed soldiers.

The Venezuelan government's count of the number of soldiers and civilians killed during the U.S. incursion rose to 80 on Sunday, according to a senior Venezuelan official. Mr. Padrino López said that U.S. forces had killed a ''large part'' of Mr. Maduro's security detail in the attack. No American service members were killed, though several were injured by hostile fire, U.S. officials said.

Mr. Trump told The Atlantic on Sunday that if Ms. Rodriguez ''doesn't do what's right, she is going to pay a very big price, probably bigger than Maduro.''

Mr. Rubio led an effort in the Trump administration to oust Mr. Maduro that was supported throughout the fall by Stephen Miller, the president's homeland security adviser, and John Ratcliffe, the C.I.A. director, The New York Times reported in September.

As Mr. Trump did in his news conference on Saturday, Mr. Rubio focused in his Sunday interviews on oil as the main prize for the United States in its operation against Mr. Maduro. Mr. Trump said earlier that ''we're going to be taking out a tremendous amount of wealth out of the ground.''

Mr. Rubio told CBS News that the oil industry in Venezuela, which is controlled by the government and under U.S. sanctions, needed to be ''reinvested in.''

''It's obvious they do not have the capability to bring up that industry again,'' he said. ''They need investment from private companies, who are only going to invest under certain guarantees and conditions.''

Mr. Rubio's and Mr. Trump's remarks over the weekend suggested that the administration intended to force Ms. Rodríguez to allow American oil companies to invest and operate in the country under favorable conditions.

The statements by the two men amount to an explicit declaration of gunboat diplomacy and an embrace of the kind of 19th-century U.S. imperialist policy in the Western Hemisphere that has been widely criticized across Latin America.

Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said in an interview that decades-long efforts by the United States to prove it is not a colonial power in the Americas has been ''all thrown out'' now, and that Mr. Trump's actions could ''potentially turn the whole region against us.''

He added that the administration's aim of dominating the Western Hemisphere -- including forcibly seizing leaders in the region -- could spur China and Russia to try to do the same in their perceived ''spheres of influence.''

There's ''an extraordinarily high risk that adversaries around the world will use the same theory of the case to act with further impunity,'' he said.

Mr. Rubio was unapologetic about the idea of hemispheric dominance, saying on NBC on Sunday: ''This is the Western Hemisphere. This is where we live, and we're not going to allow the Western Hemisphere to be a base of operation for adversaries, competitors and rivals of the United States.''

China is the biggest foreign investor in Venezuela's oil industry, and Chinese private companies buy about 80 percent of the country's oil exports. Russia also has stakes in the industry.

For years, Chevron has been the only U.S. oil company operating in Venezuela, in several joint ventures with the state-owned oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A., or PDVSA. The Biden and second Trump administrations gave Chevron a license to operate there as an exception to sanctions imposed on Venezuela's oil industry by Mr. Trump in his first term. Other American oil companies had a large presence in Venezuela over decades, but left the country during two periods when the government exerted state control over the ventures.

U.S. forces boarded two oil tankers last month that were transporting oil from Venezuela to Asia. The second one, the Centuries, was not on the Treasury Department's sanctions list.

For days, the U.S. Coast Guard has been pursuing a tanker on the sanctions list, the Bella 1, which had been going to Venezuela to pick up oil.

The Trump administration has said all weekend that it hopes to work with Ms. Rodríguez, and Mr. Rubio deflected questions on Sunday about why it was not supporting any leadership bid by Venezuela's main opposition figures.

He was in contact throughout last year with figures in the opposition movement. And as a senator from Florida, he signed a formal letter of support for María Corina Machado, the Venezuelan opposition leader, to receive the Nobel Peace Prize. She was awarded that prize last year, which frustrated Mr. Trump, who had been openly campaigning to win it himself.

On Saturday, Mr. Trump said in his news conference that Ms. Machado lacked the ''respect'' within Venezuela to govern, even though international election experts say a candidate she supported, Edmundo González, beat Mr. Maduro in a 2024 election by a wide margin. The Biden administration and the second Trump administration have recognized Mr. González's victory.

In January 2025, right after starting his new job, Mr. Rubio spoke with both Ms. Machado and Mr. González, whom he called the ''rightful president,'' and ''reaffirmed the United States' support for the restoration of democracy in Venezuela,'' according to a State Department summary of the call.

On Saturday, Ms. Rodríguez sounded a defiant tone, denouncing the U.S. raid against Mr. Maduro and saying he was the country's rightful president. When asked on Sunday on CBS whether the United States could work with her, Mr. Rubio said: ''We're going to make an assessment on the basis of what they do, not what they say publicly in the interim, not what we know of what they've done in the past in many cases, but what they do moving forward. So we're going to find out.''

Mr. Rubio also said there were no immediate plans to send U.S. troops into Venezuela to seize other officials who have also been indicted by the U.S. Justice Department on drug trafficking charges, as Mr. Maduro was in 2020, during the first Trump administration.

Mr. Rubio said that the United States planned to ensure that Venezuela stopped trafficking drugs. The Trump administration stated last year that curbing ''narco-terrorism'' from Venezuela was a main reason for its campaign against the country, which has included carrying out legally questionable military strikes on boats that have killed at least 115 people. A U.S. official said on Sunday that the military would continue doing the attacks.

However, Venezuela's role in the drug trade is limited. Mr. Maduro allowed some Colombian cocaine producers to send their product through Venezuela, mainly to Europe, but the country does not produce fentanyl, which has long been Mr. Trump's stated focus.

When asked in the NBC interview whether Communist-run Cuba, an ally of Venezuela, was the next target of the Trump administration, Mr. Rubio did not deny the possibility. He said that ''the Cuban government is a huge problem'' and that ''they are in a lot of trouble, yes.'' Mr. Rubio, the son of Cuban immigrants, has said for decades that the leadership of Cuba must be removed, and that toppling the Maduro ''regime'' in Venezuela would help lead to a transformation in Cuba.

In another interview on Sunday, on ''This Week'' on ABC News, Mr. Rubio said that congressional authorization of the military operation to seize Mr. Maduro was not necessary because it was ''a law enforcement operation'' rather than an ''invasion.''

Tyler Pager, Minho Kim and Eric Schmitt contributed reporting from Washington, and Jack Nicas contributed from Mexico City.

Tyler Pager, Minho Kim and Eric Schmitt contributed reporting from Washington, and Jack Nicas contributed from Mexico City.

Document NYTF000020260105em150003k




Gobierno Federal de Mexico - Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 05, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 05, 2026 at 12:58 UTC. 
28,564 words
5 January 2026
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2026. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Primary Offering Prospectus (Form 424B2)

Table of Contents

Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)

Registration No. 333-289967

The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. A registration statement relating to these securities has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This preliminary prospectus supplement is not an offer to sell, nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities, in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JANUARY 5, 2026

                                                                        
Preliminary Prospectus SupplementTo Prospectus dated August 29, 2025    


United Mexican States

U.S.$ % Global Notes due 2034

U.S.$ % Global Notes due 2038

U.S.$ % Global Notes due 2056

The % Global Notes due 2034 (the "2034 notes") will mature on February , 2034. The % Global Notes due 2038 (the "2038 notes") will mature on February , 2038. The % Global Notes due 2056 (the "2056 notes") will mature on February , 2056. We refer to the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes collectively as the "notes." Mexico will pay interest on the notes on February and August of each year, commencing August , 2026. Mexico may redeem the notes, in whole or in part, before maturity on the terms described herein. The notes will not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking or similar fund. The offering of each series of notes pursuant to this prospectus supplement is independent of each offering of the other series of notes, and they are not conditioned on each other.

The notes will be issued under an indenture, and each of the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes constitutes a separate series under the indenture. The indenture contains provisions regarding future modifications to the terms of the notes that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Under these provisions, which are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, Mexico may amend the payment provisions of the notes and other reserved matters listed in the indenture with the consent of the holders of: (1) with respect to a single series of notes, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of such series; (2) with respect to two or more series of notes, if certain "uniformly applicable" requirements are met, more than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate; or (3) with respect to two or more series of notes, more than 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of all series affected by the proposed modification, taken in the aggregate, and more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of each series affected by the proposed modification, taken individually.

Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF"). No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained.

The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR").

Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) Notification.

The notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined whether this prospectus supplement or the related prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the National Securities Registry ( Registro Nacional de Valores ) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission ( Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores , or "CNBV"), and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors that qualify as accredited or institutional investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law ( Ley del Mercado de Valores ) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or the prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

                                                                                                                                                 
                            Price to Public(1)         Underwriting Discount               Proceeds to Mexico,before expenses(1)   
Per 2034 note                                    %                                     %                                                     %   
Total for the 2034 notes    U.S.$                                              U.S.$                                                 U.S.$       
Per 2038 note                                    %                                     %                                                     %   
Total for the 2038 notes    U.S.$                                              U.S.$                                                 U.S.$       
Per 2056 note                                    %                                     %                                                     %   
Total for the 2056 notes    U.S.$                                              U.S.$                                                 U.S.$       


(1)

Plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 to the date of settlement, which is expected to be January , 2026.

The notes will be ready for delivery in book-entry form only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") against payment on or about January , 2026.

Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

Joint Bookrunners

BarclaysDeutsche BankHSBCMorgan Stanley     Scotiabank 


January , 2026

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                  
Prospectus Supplement                             
                                  
                                    Page   
About this Prospectus Supplement           S-2    
Forward-Looking Statements                 S-4    
Summary                                    S-5    
Risk Factors                               S-11   
Use of Proceeds                            S-12   
Description of the Notes                   S-13   
Taxation                                   S-21   
Recent Developments                        S-22   
Plan of Distribution                       S-49   


                                                   
Prospectus                                         
                                     
                                       Page   
About this Prospectus                         1    
Forward-Looking Statements                    3    
Use of Proceeds                               4    
Risk Factors                                  5    
Description of the Securities                 10   
Taxation                                      25   
Plan of Distribution                          33   
Official Statements                           34   
Validity of the Securities                    35   
Authorized Representative                     36   
Where You Can Find More Information           36   


Mexico is a foreign sovereign state. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors to obtain or realize upon judgments of courts in the United States against Mexico. See "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-1

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

This prospectus supplement supplements the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025, relating to Mexico's debt securities and warrants. If the information in this prospectus supplement differs from the information contained in the prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement.

You should read this prospectus supplement along with the corresponding prospectus. Both documents contain information you should consider when making your investment decision. Mexico is responsible for the information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and in any related free-writing prospectus or prospectus supplement that Mexico prepares or authorizes. Mexico has not authorized anyone else to provide you with any other information and takes no responsibility for any other information that others may give you. Mexico and the underwriters are offering to sell the notes and seeking offers to buy the notes only in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is current only as of the dates of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, respectively.

Mexico is furnishing this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus solely for use by prospective investors in connection with their consideration of a purchase of the notes. Mexico confirms that:

•

the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is true and correct in all material respects and is not misleading;

•

it has not omitted other facts the omission of which makes this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus as a whole misleading; and

•

it accepts responsibility for the information it has provided in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus.

This prospectus supplement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Mexico and the underwriters do not represent that this prospectus supplement may be lawfully distributed, or that any notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by Mexico or the underwriters which would permit a public offering of the notes or distribution of this prospectus supplement in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than the United States of America. Accordingly, no notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this prospectus supplement nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the underwriters have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this prospectus supplement comes are required by Mexico and the underwriters to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay, see the sections entitled "Plan of Distribution" in this prospectus supplement and "Plan of Distribution" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-2

Table of Contents

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

This prospectus supplement is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Order"), or (iii) high net worth companies, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.

S-3

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This prospectus supplement may contain forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about Mexico's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and Mexico undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Mexico cautions you that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:

•

Adverse external factors, such as high international interest rates, low oil prices, measures restricting exports and imports, a prevailing global inflationary environment and recession or low growth in Mexico's trading partners. High international interest rates could increase Mexico's expenditures, low oil prices could decrease the Mexican Government's revenues and recession or low growth in Mexico's main trading partners or restrictions on trade could lead to fewer exports and availability of foreign currencies to service debt. A combination of these factors could negatively affect Mexico's current account.

•

Instability or volatility in the international financial markets. This could lead to domestic volatility, making it more complicated for the Mexican Government to achieve its macroeconomic goals. This could also lead to declines in foreign investment inflows, including portfolio investment in particular.

•

Adverse domestic factors, such as the implementation of legislation impacting foreign investment, domestic inflation, high domestic interest rates, exchange rate volatility and political uncertainty. Each of these could lead to lower growth in Mexico, declines in foreign direct and portfolio investment and potentially lower international reserves.

•

Global or national health considerations, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease, such as the coronavirus pandemic.

S-4

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus. It does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this entire prospectus supplement.

Issuer The United Mexican States Issue Date January , 2026 Specified Currency U.S. dollars (U.S.$) Authorized Denominations U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof Form Registered; Book-Entry through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream. Regular Record Date Close of business on the Business Day preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date Status The notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged. The notes of each series rank and will rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico. It is understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness. 2034 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount U.S.$ Issue Price %, plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 Maturity Date February , 2034 Interest Rate % per annum, accruing from January , 2026 Interest Payment Date Semi-annually on February and August of each year, commencing on August , 2026

S-5

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Prior to December , 2033 (two months prior to their maturity date) (the "2034 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2034 notes matured on the 2034 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2034 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico as described below under "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2034 notes."

2038 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount U.S.$ Issue Price %, plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 Maturity Date February , 2038 Interest Rate % per annum, accruing from January , 2026 Interest Payment Date Semi-annually on February and August of each year, commencing on August , 2026

S-6

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Prior to November , 2037 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the "2038 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2038 notes matured on the 2038 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2038 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico as described below under "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2038 notes."

2056 notes: Aggregate Principal Amount U.S.$ Issue Price %, plus accrued interest, if any, from January , 2026 Maturity Date February , 2056 Interest Rate % per annum, accruing from January , 2026 Interest Payment Date Semi-annually on February and August of each year, commencing on August , 2026

S-7

Table of Contents

Optional Redemption

Prior to August , 2055 (six months prior to their maturity date) (the "2056 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2056 notes matured on the 2056 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2056 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico as described below under "Description of the Notes-Optional Redemption - 2056 notes."

Optional Repayment Holders of the notes will not have the option to elect repayment by Mexico before the maturity dates of the notes. Use of Proceeds

Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico.

For further information, see "Use of Proceeds."

Underwriters

Barclays Capital Inc.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

Listing Application will be made to list the notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to have the notes admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has allocated to Mexico the number 2395 for listing purposes. The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or UK MiFIR. No assurances can be given by Mexico that such applications will be approved or that such listings will be maintained. Luxembourg Stock Exchange Legal Entity Identifier 254900EGTWEU67VP6075

S-8

Table of Contents

Securities Codes 2034 notes:

ISIN:

CUSIP:

Common Code:

2038 notes:

ISIN:

CUSIP:

Common Code:

2056 notes:

ISIN:

CUSIP:

Common Code:

Trustee, Principal Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

Luxembourg Listing Agent

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

Withholding Taxes and Additional Amounts Subject to certain exceptions, Mexico will make all payments on the notes without withholding or deducting any Mexican taxes. Under Mexican law, Mexico is not required to make any such withholding or deduction. For further information, see "Description of the Securities-Additional Amounts" in the corresponding prospectus. Taxation Payments of principal or interest under the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes made to holders of such notes that are non-resident of Mexico for tax purposes will not be subject to Mexican withholding or similar taxes. Further Issues Mexico may from time to time, without the consent of holders of each series of notes, as the case may be, increase the size of the issue of the notes, or issue additional notes of such series having the same terms and conditions as the notes of such series in all respects, except for the issue date, issue price and first payment on those additional notes. Additional notes issued in this manner will be consolidated and form a single series with the previously outstanding notes of such series. Any additional notes subsequently issued that for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) are not issued pursuant to a "qualified reopening" of the notes, (ii) are not treated as part of the same "issue" as the notes, and (iii) are not issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount shall have a separate CUSIP, ISIN, common code or other identifying number from the previously outstanding notes of such series.

S-9

Table of Contents

Payment of Principal and Interest Principal of and interest on the notes will be payable by Mexico to the Principal Paying Agent in U.S. dollars. Governing Law New York; provided, however, that all matters governing Mexico's authorization and execution of the indenture and the notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Mexico. Notwithstanding any authorization or any reserved matter modification, all matters related to the consent of holders and to modifications of the indenture or the notes will always be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. Additional Provisions The notes will contain provisions regarding future modifications to their terms that differ from those applicable to Mexico's outstanding public external indebtedness issued prior to November 10, 2014. Those provisions are described beginning on page 17 of the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025. Stabilization In connection with the issuance of each series of notes, the underwriters or any person acting for the underwriters may over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of each series of notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the issue date. However, there is no obligation of any of the underwriters or any agent of the underwriters to do this. Any such stabilizing, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period.

S-10

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors supplement the information contained under "Risk Factors" in the corresponding prospectus. You should consult your financial and legal advisors about the risks of investing in the notes and the suitability of your investment in light of your particular situation. Mexico disclaims any responsibility for advising you on these matters.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will improve or remain stable, or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled by the rating agencies.

Mexico's long-term public external indebtedness is currently rated investment grade by the three leading rating agencies. On November 14, 2024, Moody's affirmed its Baa2 rating and revised its outlook to negative. On April 16, 2025, Fitch affirmed its BBB- rating with a stable outlook. On September 8, 2025, S&P reaffirmed its BBB rating with a stable outlook.

Ratings address the creditworthiness of Mexico and the likelihood of timely payment of Mexico's long-term debt securities. Ratings are not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell securities and may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time. Mexico's current ratings and the rating outlooks currently assigned to it depend, in part, on economic conditions and other factors that affect credit risk and are outside the control of Mexico, as well as assessments of the creditworthiness of its productive state-owned enterprises. Certain ratings agencies may also downgrade the credit ratings of Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), a state-owned public company of Mexico (empresa pública del estado), as they have in the past, and their assessment of PEMEX's creditworthiness may affect Mexico's credit ratings. On September 8, 2025, Moody's upgraded PEMEX's rating from B3 to B1 with a stable outlook. On October 2, 2025, Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

There can be no assurances that Mexico's credit ratings will be maintained or that they will not be downgraded, suspended or cancelled. Any credit rating downgrade, suspension or cancellation may have an adverse effect on the market price and the trading of the notes.

Changes in the interest rate environment could adversely impact the trading price of the notes.

We expect that the trading price of the notes will depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the interest rate environment.

If interest rates, or expected future interest rates, rise during the terms of the notes, the price of the notes will likely decrease. The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of the notes. Because interest rates and interest rate expectations are influenced by a wide variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that changes in interest rates or interest rate expectations will not adversely affect the trading price of the notes.

Geopolitical developments, such as the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, could have a material adverse effect on Mexico's economy and its ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

The Russia-Ukraine conflict contributed to the upward pressure on global prices for certain commodities, including oil and gas and grains, and affected conditions in the international capital markets. The effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict could materially affect the prices of certain commodities critical to the performance of the Mexican economy. Further, while the full extent of the impact of the conflict in the Middle East remains to be seen as of the date of this prospectus supplement, the effects of these ongoing conflicts could result in economic uncertainty and upward inflationary pressure, and, as a result, negatively affect the performance of the Mexican economy or Mexico's ability to raise funding in the external debt markets in the future.

S-11

Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately U.S.$ , after the deduction of the underwriting discounts and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately U.S.$ . Mexico intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for the general purposes of the Government of Mexico, including the refinancing, repurchase or retirement of domestic and/or external indebtedness.

S-12

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES

Mexico will issue the notes under an amended and restated indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, as amended by a first supplemental indenture, dated January 24, 2022, between Mexico and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. The information contained in this section summarizes some of the terms of the notes, the indenture and the first supplemental indenture. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you as a potential investor in the notes. You should read the corresponding prospectus, the indenture, the first supplemental indenture and the form of the notes before making your investment decision. Mexico has filed or will file copies of these documents with the SEC and will also file copies of these documents at the offices of the trustee.

Terms of the 2034 notes

The 2034 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January , 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$ ;

•

mature on February , 2034;

•

bear interest at a rate of % per year, commencing on January , 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2034 notes will be payable semi-annually on February and August of each year, commencing on August , 2026;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2034 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2034 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be ready for delivery in the book-entry form only through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2034 Notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2034 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2034 notes; and

•

will be redeemed at par at maturity.

S-13

Table of Contents

Terms of the 2038 notes

The 2038 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January , 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$ ;

•

mature on February , 2038;

•

bear interest at a rate of % per year, commencing on January , 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2038 notes will be payable semi-annually on February and August of each year, commencing on August , 2026;

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2038 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2038 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be ready for delivery in the book-entry form only through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2038 Notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2038 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2038 notes; and

•

will be redeemed at par at maturity.

Terms of the 2056 notes

The 2056 notes will:

•

be issued on or about January , 2026 in an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$ ;

•

mature on February , 2056;

•

bear interest at a rate of % per year, commencing on January , 2026 until the principal is repaid in full. Interest on the 2056 notes will be payable semi-annually on February and August of each year, commencing on August , 2026;

S-14

Table of Contents

•

pay interest to the persons in whose names the 2056 notes in the form of global securities are registered at the close of business on the business day preceding each payment date;

•

constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated external indebtedness of Mexico for which the full faith and credit of Mexico is pledged;

•

rank without any preference among themselves and equally with all other unsubordinated public external indebtedness of Mexico (it being understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require Mexico to make payments under the 2056 notes ratably with payments being made under any other public external indebtedness);

•

be represented by one or more global securities in book-entry, registered form only;

•

be ready for delivery in the book-entry form only through the facilities of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream;

•

be redeemable before maturity at the option of Mexico as described below under "-Optional Redemption - 2056 Notes";

•

not be repayable at the option of the holder before maturity;

•

contain "collective action clauses" under which Mexico may amend certain key terms of the 2056 notes, including the maturity date, interest rate and other terms, with the consent of less than all of the holders of the 2056 notes; and

•

will be redeemed at par at maturity.

Optional Redemption - 2034 notes

Prior to December , 2033 (two months prior to their maturity date) (the "2034 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2034 notes matured on the 2034 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2034 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2034 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2034 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

S-15

Table of Contents

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by Mexico after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as "Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15" (or any successor designation or publication) ("H.15") under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" (or any successor caption or heading) ("H.15 TCM"). In determining the Treasury Rate, Mexico shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2034 notes Par Call Date (the "Remaining Life"); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the 2034 notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, Mexico shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2034 notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2034 notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2034 notes Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2034 notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2034 notes Par Call Date, Mexico shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2034 notes Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2034 notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, Mexico shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Mexico's actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary's procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of 2034 notes to be redeemed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the 2034 notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair and in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. No 2034 notes of a principal amount of $1,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any 2034 note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the 2034 note will state the portion of the principal amount of the 2034 note to be redeemed. A new 2034 note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the 2034 note will be issued in the name of the holder of the 2034 note upon surrender for cancellation of the original 2034 note. For so long as the 2034 notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the 2034 notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

S-16

Table of Contents

Unless Mexico defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the 2034 notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

Optional Redemption - 2038 notes

Prior to November , 2037 (three months prior to their maturity date) (the "2038 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2038 notes matured on the 2038 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2038 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2038 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2038 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by Mexico after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as "Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15" (or any successor designation or publication) ("H.15") under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" (or any successor caption or heading) ("H.15 TCM"). In determining the Treasury Rate, Mexico shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2038 notes Par Call Date (the "Remaining Life"); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the 2038 notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

S-17

Table of Contents

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, Mexico shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2038 notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2038 notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2038 notes Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2038 notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2038 notes Par Call Date, Mexico shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2038 notes Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2038 notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, Mexico shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Mexico's actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary's procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of 2038 notes to be redeemed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the 2038 notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair and in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. No 2038 notes of a principal amount of $1,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any 2038 note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the 2038 note will state the portion of the principal amount of the 2038 note to be redeemed. A new 2038 note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the 2038 note will be issued in the name of the holder of the 2038 note upon surrender for cancellation of the original 2038 note. For so long as the 2038 notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the 2038 notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless Mexico defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the 2038 notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

Optional Redemption - 2056 notes

Prior to August , 2055 (six months prior to their maturity date) (the "2056 notes Par Call Date"), Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2056 notes matured on the 2056 notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

S-18

Table of Contents

On or after the 2056 notes Par Call Date, Mexico may redeem the 2056 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2056 notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

"Treasury Rate" for this purpose means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by Mexico in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by Mexico after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as "Selected Interest Rates (Daily)-H.15" (or any successor designation or publication) ("H.15") under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" (or any successor caption or heading) ("H.15 TCM"). In determining the Treasury Rate, Mexico shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2056 notes Par Call Date (the "Remaining Life"); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the 2056 notes Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, Mexico shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2056 notes Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2056 notes Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2056 notes Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2056 notes Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2056 notes Par Call Date, Mexico shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2056 notes Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2056 notes Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, Mexico shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

S-19

Table of Contents

Mexico's actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositary's procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of 2056 notes to be redeemed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the 2056 notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair and in accordance with applicable depositary procedures. No 2056 notes of a principal amount of $1,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any 2056 note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the 2056 note will state the portion of the principal amount of the 2056 note to be redeemed. A new 2056 note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the 2056 note will be issued in the name of the holder of the 2035 note upon surrender for cancellation of the original 2056 note. For so long as the 2056 notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the 2056 notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless Mexico defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the 2056 notes or portions thereof called for redemption.

S-20

Table of Contents

TAXATION

United States Federal Taxation

For a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-United States Federal Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

Mexican Taxation

For a summary of the Mexican federal income tax considerations at the date hereof with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the notes, please review the section entitled "Taxation-Mexican Taxation" in the corresponding prospectus.

S-21

Table of Contents

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

The information in this section supplements the information about Mexico corresponding to the headings below that is contained in Exhibit D to Mexico's annual report on Form 18-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 18-K). To the extent that the information included in this section differs from the information set forth in the 2024 Form 18-K, you should rely on the information in this section.

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Form of Government

The Government

The following table provides the distribution, as of the date of this filing, of Congressional seats reflecting the party affiliations of Mexico's senators and deputies.

Table No. 1 - Party Representation in Congress (1)

                                                                                                                             
                                     Senate           Chamber of Deputies   
                                     Seats            % of Total                      Seats       % of Total   
MORENA                                        67                              52.3                253                50.6    
National Action Party                         21                              16.4                70                 14      
Institutional Revolutionary Party             13                              10.2                37                 7.4     
Citizen Movement Party                        6                               4.7                 28                 5.6     
Ecological Green Party of Mexico              14                              10.9                62                 12.4    
Labor Party                                   6                               4.7                 49                 9.8     
Unaffiliated                                  1                               0.8                 1                  0.2     
Total                                         128                             100.0   %           500                100.0   % 
                                                                                                                             


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding. Individual members of Congress may change party affiliations.

(1)

As of January 2, 2026

Source: Senate and Chamber of Deputies.

Criminal Justice

On October 9, 2025 a decree was published in the Diario Oficial de la Federación (Official Gazette) reforming Article 73, Section XXI, item (a), of the Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (the Political Constitution of Mexico, or the Constitution). The reform aims to combat extortion by granting Congress the authority to enact a general law that establishes, at a minimum, a single criminal offense definition for extortion, applicable nationwide and with uniform penalties.

On November 28, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette enacting the Ley General para Prevenir, Investigar y Sancionar los Delitos en Materia de Extorsión (General Law to Prevent, Investigate and Punish Crimes Related to Extortion), and amending, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Código Penal Federal (Federal Criminal Code), the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Penales (National Code of Criminal Procedure), the Ley Federal Contra la Delincuencia Organizada (Federal Law against Organized Crime), the Ley Nacional de Extinción de Dominio (National Law on Asset Forfeiture) and the Ley Orgánica del Poder Judicial de la Federación (Organic Law of the Federal Judiciary). The decree amends and supplements the existing legal framework for the enforcement and prosecution of extortion-related crimes, including (i) modifications to the legal requirements related to jurisdiction, sentencing and aggravating circumstances, (ii) mechanisms for coordination between authorities, (iii) victim protection measures, and (iv) rules for criminal investigation and enforcement, including the creation of a specialized Complaint Response Center.

S-22

Table of Contents

Legal and Political Reforms

On October 16, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming and supplementing various provisions of Ley de Amparo, Reglamentaria de los Artículos 103 y 107 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (Amparo Law, Regulating Articles 103 and 107 of the Political Constitution of Mexico), the Código Fiscal de la Federación (Federal Tax Code) and the Ley Orgánica del Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Organic Law of the Federal Court of Administrative Justice). The reform aims to streamline judicial proceedings, ensure procedural efficiency and improve access to justice by redefining and clarifying legal concepts, including the requirements for standing and injunctive relief, as well as by enabling the use of electronic means for the relevant processes and procedures.

On December 10, 2025, the Reglamento Orgánico de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación (Organic Regulations of the Supreme Court), which regulates the powers of members of the court, its administrative procedures and its organizational structure, was published in the Official Gazette.

On November 19, 2025, the decree reforming the Ley Aduanera (Customs Law) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of combatting evasion and smuggling, and protecting lawful trade. The reform, which came into effect on January 1, 2026, introduces, among other measures, (i) the implementation of digital tools and systems to facilitate customs controls (ii) strengthened oversight responsibilities for customs agents, (iii) higher duties for imports not subject to free trade agreements, (iv) expanded compliance obligations, (v) stricter documentation requirements, and (vi) enhanced digital monitoring across the customs process.

Civil and Regulatory Procedures

On November 14, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming certain provisions of various legal codes in connection with the implementation of the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Civiles y Familiares (National Code of Civil and Family Procedures, or CNPCyF) by local legislatures throughout Mexico.

Internal Security

General

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Internal Regulations of the Ministry of National Defense), including to, among other changes, (i) incorporate the Comandancia de la Guardia Nacional (National Guard Command) into the organizational structure of the Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Ministry of National Defense, or SEDENA), (ii) create the Centro Nacional de Vigilancia y Protección del Espacio Aéreo (National Airspace Surveillance and Protection Center), and (iii) redefine the functions of various related administrative bodies.

Organized Crime, Arms Trafficking and Money Laundering

On November 11, 2025, the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público (Ministry of Finance and Public Credit) through the Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera (Financial Intelligence Unit, or UIF) announced that, as a result of an investigation into suspected money-laundering by alleged organized crime groups, 13 casinos were identified and listed as sanctioned legal entities, pursuant to the financial blocking measures administered by the UIF. As a result of such investigation, the Dirección General de Juegos y Sorteos ordered the suspension of the operations of the aforementioned casinos.

Human Rights

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette establishing rules for the organization and operation of the Sistema Nacional para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres (National System for Equality between Women and Men), including defining its structure, powers and coordination mechanisms, with the aim of promoting substantive equality between women and men in Mexico.

S-23

Table of Contents

Cyber Crimes and Cybersecurity

On December 8, 2025, the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency) published the Plan Nacional de Ciberseguridad (National Cybersecurity Plan), establishing strategic guidelines to, among other aims, (i) strengthen the protection of critical infrastructure, (ii) promote the safe use of digital technologies, (iii) define mechanisms for interinstitutional coordination against cyberthreats, and (iv) ensure the safeguarding of citizens' rights and national sovereignty in the cyberspace.

Access to Information, Government Procurement and Transparency

On December 8, 2025, the Secretaría Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno (Ministry of Anti-Corruption and Good Governance) announced sanctions against Santiago López Pérez and five supplier companies: (i) Instalaciones Eléctricas Industriales MT, S.A. de C.V.; (ii) Tameztec, S.A. de C.V.; (iii) C-Gallegos, S.A. de C.V.; (iv) Construcciones San Benito, S.A. de C.V.; and (v) Grupo Corporativo C y C, S.A. de C.V.; each of which was temporarily disqualified and fined for submitting false information in public procurement contracts. Each of these companies was registered in the Directorio de Proveedores y Contratistas Sancionados (Directory of Sanctioned Suppliers and Contractors), thereby prohibiting them from participating in new contracts with the Government.

Foreign Affairs, International Organizations and International Economic Cooperation

On October 24, 2025, the Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) announced that Mexico and the United Nations (UN) had signed the Marco de Cooperación de Naciones Unidas en México 2026-2031 (United Nations Cooperation Framework in Mexico 2026-2031) with the aim of strengthening collaboration on sustainable development, human rights and governance.

Environment

On September 3, 2025, as part of a national policy to transition to safer and more sustainable agricultural practices, President Sheinbaum announced the ban of 35 pesticides that pose a high risk to public health and the environment.

On November 18, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement announcing that Mexico participated in COP30 in Belém, Brazil with the objective of promoting stronger climate action by advancing international commitments to reduce emissions and protect biodiversity.

On December 11, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette, enacting the Ley General de Aguas (General Water Law) and amending, adding and repealing various provisions of the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), with the purpose of regulating the human right to access, availability and sanitation of water, as recognized by the Constitution. The legislation establishes a legal regime to improve water management in Mexico by, among other measures, strengthening equitable water distribution and intergovernmental coordination, promoting the sustainable management of water through the use of basins and aquifers, and improving system capacity to adapt to the effects of climate change, while prioritizing human rights, community systems, the general interest and promoting public participation in conservation efforts. The regulatory framework necessary to carry out this reform must be issued or amended within 180 calendar days of the decree taking effect and, during the interim period, existing regulations will continue to apply to the extent that they do not contravene the principles and guidelines of the General Water Law or the amendments to the National Water Law.

On December 16, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Política Nacional para el Manejo Sustentable de Mares y Costas (National Policy for the Sustainable Management of Seas and Coasts), setting forth objectives and short, medium and long term strategies for the protection and sustainable use of marine and coastal ecosystems, in accordance with Mexico's international and domestic commitments.

S-24

Table of Contents

THE ECONOMY

Gross Domestic Product

According to preliminary figures, Mexico's real GDP decreased by 0.1% during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. In the third quarter of 2025, GDP decreased by 0.3% in seasonally adjusted terms, reflecting a contraction in secondary activities, including manufacturing, construction, electricity generation and distribution, mining, and water and gas supply, which was particularly driven by a decline in industrial production, and partially offset by a moderate expansion in primary and tertiary activities. For more information on the long-term factors affecting Mexico's GDP, see "The Economy-Gross Domestic Product" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

The following tables set forth the composition of Mexico's real GDP by economic sector and percentage change by economic sector, in pesos and in percentage terms, for the periods indicated.

Table No. 2 - Real GDP and Expenditures (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                         
                                                               Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                               2024                                           2025(3)   
GDP                                                            Ps.                             25,574.2                 Ps.   25,411.5   
Add: Imports of goods and services                                                             11,934.5                       12,443.4   
                                                                                                                                         
Total supply of goods and services                                                             37,508.6                       37,854.9   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                                            10,173.8                       10,567.7   
                                                                                                                                         
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditure    Ps.                             27,334.8                 Ps.   27,287.2   
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                                                                  
Private consumption                                                                            18,338.5                       18,523.1   
Public consumption                                                                             2,797.5                        5,718.5    
                                                                                                                                         
Total consumption                                                                              21,136.0                       24,241.6   
                                                                                                                                         
Total gross fixed investment                                                                   6,343.0                        2,881.0    
                                                                                                                                         
Changes in inventory                                                                           22.6                           26.5       
                                                                                                                                         
Total domestic expenditures                                    Ps.                             27,501.6                 Ps.   27,149.1   
                                                                                                                                         
Errors and Omissions                                                                           (166.79    )                   138.1      
                                                                                                                                         


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter data is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 3 - Real GDP and Expenditures (As a Percentage of Total GDP)

                                                                                                    
                                                                Third quarter 
                                                                2024     2025 
GDP                                                                      100.0   %          100.0   % 
Add: Imports of goods and services                                       46.7               49.0    
                                                                                                    
Total supply of goods and services                                       146.7              149.0   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                      39.8               41.6    
                                                                                                    
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditures             106.9   %          107.4   % 
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                             
Private consumption                                                      71.7    %          72.9    % 
Public consumption                                                       24.8               22.5    
                                                                                                    
Total consumption                                                        96.5               95.4    
Total gross fixed investment                                             10.9               11.3    
Changes in inventory                                                     0.1                0.1     
                                                                                                    
Total domestic expenditures                                              107.5   %          106.8   % 
                                                                                                    
Errors and Omissions                                                     (0.7    )%         0.5     % 


Note:

Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

S-25

Table of Contents

Table No. 4 - Real GDP by Sector (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                    
                                                            Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                            2024                                         2025(3)   
Primary Activities:                                                                                                                 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(4)    Ps.                             781.4                  Ps.   810.0      
Secondary Activities:                                                                                                               
Mining                                                                                      885.5                        841.3      
Utilities                                                                                   335.8                        331.1      
Construction                                                                                1,528.2                      1,456.8    
Manufacturing                                                                               5,288.1                      5,189.9    
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                                                
Wholesale and retail trade                                                                  5,011.1                      5,018.7    
Transportation and warehousing                                                              1,892.2                      1,896.1    
Information                                                                                 461.9                        472.6      
Finance and insurance                                                                       1,017.3                      1,036.8    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                                             2,408.8                      2,440.1    
Professional, scientific and technical services                                             575.3                        625.3      
Management of companies and enterprises                                                     168.7                        166.3      
Support for business                                                                        228.1                        252.4      
Education services                                                                          888.9                        892.0      
Health care and social assistance                                                           595.3                        626.6      
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                                          131.4                        148.8      
Accommodation and food services                                                             557.3                        537.4      
Other services (except public administration)                                               455.5                        444.9      
Public administration                                                                       837.5                        833.8      
                                                                                                                                    
Gross value added at basic values                                                           24,048.3                     24,020.7   
Taxes on products, net of subsidies                                                         1,393.7                      1,390.7    
                                                                                                                                    
GDP                                                         Ps.                             25,442.0               Ps.   25,411.5   
                                                                                                                                    


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

(4)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

S-26

Table of Contents

Table No. 5 - Real GDP Growth by Sector

(Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                      
                                                                     Third quarter 
                                                                     2024     2025(2) 
GDP (real pesos)                                                              1.4    %         (0.1   )% 
Primary Activities:                                                                                   
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(3)                      7.0              3.7    
Secondary Activities:                                                                                 
Mining                                                                        (6.8   )         (5.0   ) 
Utilities                                                                     (1.8   )         (1.4   ) 
Construction                                                                  1.1              (4.7   ) 
Manufacturing                                                                 0.5              (1.9   ) 
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                  
Wholesale and retail trade                                                    1.3              0.2    
Transportation and warehousing                                                4.6              0.2    
Information                                                                   2.7              2.3    
Finance and insurance                                                         1.6              1.9    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                               1.2              1.3    
Professional, scientific and technical services                               12.1             8.7    
Management of companies and enterprises                                       11.7             (1.4   ) 
Administrative support, waste management and remediation services             (2.3   )         10.7   
Education services                                                            1.4              0.3    
Health care and social assistance                                             0.4              5.3    
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                            5.7              13.2   
Accommodation and food services                                               (3.5   )         (3.6   ) 
Other services (except public administration)                                 1.2              (2.3   ) 
Public administration                                                         2.7              (0.4   ) 


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

Employment and Labor

According to preliminary Tasa de Desocupación Abierta (Open Unemployment Rate) figures, Mexico's unemployment rate was 2.6% as of October 31, 2025, a one percentage point increase from the rate as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2025, the economically active population in Mexico (fifteen years of age and older) was 62.5 million and the labor force participation rate stood at 59.9%. As of January 1, 2026, the minimum wages were Ps. 440.87 per day for municipalities in the Zona Libre de la Frontera Norte (Northern Border Free Trade Zone) and Ps. 315.04 per day for the rest of Mexico, an increase of 13% and 5%, respectively, from the applicable minimum wages in effect from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. For additional information on Mexico's minimum wage policy, see "The Economy-Employment and Labor" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

On November 13, 2025, amendments to the general legal framework governing pension plans were published in the Official Gazette, including, among other measures, provisions to strengthen the protection of supplementary retirement savings for workers, provide certainty for employers, and improve the traceability of pension plan information with the aim of combatting fraud.

On December 3, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the standard work-week in Mexico would be gradually reduced from 48 hours to 40 hours by 2030, with two-hour annual reductions set to begin starting in January 2027. The federal executive branch sent the initiative to the Senate for deliberation on December 3, 2025 and the initiative must be approved by Congress before its enactment.

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette amending the Ley Federal de los Trabajadores al Servicio del Estado Reglamentaria del Apartado B) del Artículo 123 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, (Federal Law of Workers in the Service of the State, Regulating Article 123, Section B) of the Political Constitution of Mexico) and adding a new provision to the Ley General de ResponsabilidadesAdministrativas (General Law on Administrative Responsibilities), with the aim of protecting union autonomy and penalizing public servant interference in union processes as a serious administrative offense.

S-27

Table of Contents

Principal Sectors of the Economy

Manufacturing

The following table shows the value of industrial manufacturing output in billions of constant 2018 pesos and the percentage change of each sector as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.

Table No. 6 - Industrial Manufacturing Output by Sector

(In Billions of Pesos and Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                                                   
                                                   Third quarter 
                                                   2024          2025(2) 
Food                                                      Ps.    965.6              0.3     %       Ps.   978.7             1.4    % 
Beverage and tobacco products                                    262.1              1.0                   256.5             (2.1   ) 
Textile mills                                                    27.8               (3.0    )             25.3              (9.1   ) 
Textile product mills                                            16.9               (3.9    )             16.7              (0.9   ) 
Apparel                                                          56.1               (6.4    )             50.8              (9.4   ) 
Leather and allied products                                      26.1               (17.1   )             25.1              (4.0   ) 
Wood products                                                    34.5               (2.7    )             31.5              (8.6   ) 
Paper                                                            102.1              (1.3    )             99.1              (2.9   ) 
Printing and related support activities                          24.6               (1.8    )             23.7              (3.8   ) 
Petroleum and coal products                                      229.1              13.4                  251.5             9.8    
Chemicals                                                        382.0              9.4                   369.3             (3.3   ) 
Plastics and rubber products                                     167.7              3.1                   165.7             (1.2   ) 
Nonmetallic mineral products                                     157.2              (0.4    )             155.7             (1.0   ) 
Primary metals                                                   246.5              (8.2    )             253.1             2.7    
Fabricated metal products                                        172.8              (2.4    )             162.2             (6.2   ) 
Machinery                                                        215.4              (2.8    )             217.7             1.1    
Computers and electronic products                                484.2              (3.7    )             492.2             1.7    
Electrical equipment, appliances and components                  220.9              3.2                   211.8             (4.1   ) 
Transportation equipment                                         1,305.0            1.0                   1,181.0           (9.5   ) 
Furniture and related products                                   48.3               (3.0    )             46.7              (3.2   ) 
Miscellaneous                                                    143.1              3.7                   175.5             22.6   
                                                                                                                                   
Total expansion/contraction                               Ps.?   ?5,288.1           0.5     %       Ps.   5,189.9           (1.9   )% 
                                                                                                                                   


(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018. Percent change reflects differential in constant 2018 pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Petroleum and Petrochemicals

On August 5, Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), an empresa pública del estado (state-owned public company) presented its "Strategic Plan 2025-2030," which established PEMEX's Comprehensive Capitalization and Financing Strategy. This strategy is based on the continuous improvement in PEMEX's financial operations in terms of efficiency, discipline, risk management, and process optimization, as well as PEMEX's responsible use of resources. To this end, PEMEX, the Secretaría de Energía (Ministry of Energy, or SENER), and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit are working together to implement financial mechanisms to strengthen PEMEX's financial position and achieve the stability and resilience necessary to ensure its operational and financial continuity. These mechanisms are intended to reduce PEMEX's debt levels to ensure timely access to financing sources under competitive conditions. As part of these mechanisms, on December 1, 2025, the Government granted a guaranty in connection with a credit facility of up to Ps. 257.5 billion, the proceeds of which will be used to support energy sector investment projects.

On September 2, 2025, PEMEX launched an offer to purchase for cash certain of its outstanding dollar-denominated and euro-denominated notes with maturities between 2026 and 2029. The total aggregate principal amount of tenders accepted for purchase amounted to U.S.$9.9 billion, and the offers settled on October 1, 2025.

S-28

Table of Contents

On October 2, 2025, the credit rating agency Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

On October 3, 2025, two decrees were published in the Official Gazette establishing regulatory frameworks for various aspects of the hydrocarbons sector, including (i) the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Law of the Hydrocarbon Sector), which establishes the administrative, technical and legal framework for the regulation of hydrocarbon exploration, extraction, transportation and commercialization; and (ii) the Reglamento de la Ley de Ingresos Sobre Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Hydrocarbons Revenue Law), which, among other measures, updates energy sector administrative procedures regarding the allocation of and bidding process for hydrocarbon exploration and extraction contracts.

On October 3, 2025, the Norma Oficial Mexicana de Emergencia NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transporte de Gas Licuado de Petróleo (Mexican Official Emergency Standard NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transportation of Liquefied Petroleum Gas), was published in the Official Gazette. The standard aims to enhance safety measures and heighten obligations for regulated entities, including through requiring the submission of annual reports on the state of transportation and distribution units, with the aim of ensuring compliance and the timely detection of defects that could cause leaks or failures.

On December 11, 2025, SENER published an agreement in the Official Gazette with the aim of establishing clear criteria for recognizing the occurrence of fortuitous or force majeure events with respect to contracts for the exploration and extraction of hydrocarbons that may affect the fulfillment of contractual obligations.

Electric Power

On September 11, 2025, CFE FIBRA E, a Fideicomiso de Inversión en Energía Infraestructura (Energy and Infrastructure Investment Trust), which is managed by an affiliate of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad (Federal Electricity Commission, or CFE) and in respect of which CFE has residual beneficiary rights, and which is focused on investing in energy and infrastructure (primarily collection rights in respect of fees charged for electricity transmission), issued U.S.$725 million of its 5.875% notes due 2040. This inaugural issuance by CFE FIBRA E attracted a record demand of U.S.$6.36 billion, the highest ever for an issuance by an energy and infrastructure trust in Mexico. The proceeds were used to acquire an additional 2.43% of the beneficiary rights under a trust holding collection rights, to reach an aggregate 6.78% of beneficiary rights under such trust. CFE is the ultimate beneficiary under the trust holding collection rights and expects to use the proceeds to finance strategic projects in connection with the Red Nacional de Transmisión (National Transmission Network, or RNT), within the framework of CFE's Plan de Fortalecimiento y Expansión del Sistema Eléctrico Nacional 2025-2030 (National Electric System Strengthening and Expansion Plan 2025-2030).

On October 3, 2025, a series of decrees issuing new energy sector regulations were published in the Official Gazette. First, the Reglamento de laLey de Planeación y Transición Energética (Regulations of the Energy Transition Law) established a binding framework for energy sector planning, with the aims of (i) strengthening the energy transition, (ii) promoting the sustainable use of energy, (iii) utilizing clean energy sources, and (iv) reducing polluting emissions, while ensuring the country's competitiveness and energy sovereignty. Second, the Reglamento de la Ley de Geotermia (Regulations of the Geothermal Energy Law) established an administrative, technical and environmental regulatory framework for the exploration and use of geothermal resources, including by articulating (i) requirements for obtaining permits and concessions, (ii) terms and conditions for each stage of geothermal development, and (iii) environmental assessment criteria. Third, the Reglamento de la Ley de Biocombustibles (Regulations for the Biofuels Law) sets forth regulations for production, commercialization, distribution and employment within the biofuels sector, with the aim of (i) promoting energy security and sustainable development, (ii) reducing pollutant emissions, and (iii) establishing technical, environmental and administrative requirements for value chain participants.

On October 3, 2025, another decree was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Eléctrico (Regulations of the Electricity Sector Law), which establishes regulations for the generation, transmission, distribution, and commercialization of electricity, with the aim of ensuring the Government's role in the administration and control of the national electricity system. The regulation also seeks to define procedures for granting permissions, establishing participation mechanisms and ensuring compliance with technical, environmental, and energy efficiency criteria.

S-29

Table of Contents

On December 16, 2025, the operating guidelines of the Consejo de Planeación Energética (Energy Planning Council) were published in the Official Gazette with the objective of strengthening coordination in national energy sector planning.

Tourism

On November 30, 2025, the Secretaría de Turismo (Ministry of Tourism, or SECTUR) announced that 5.0 million people were employed in the tourism sector in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 3,838 jobs compared to the second quarter of 2025 and a 1.8% increase compared to the same period in 2024, representing 9.3% of the national workforce.

On December 11, 2025, SECTUR announced that, from January to October 2025, 79.3 million international visitors arrived in Mexico, an increase of 13.6% compared to the same period in 2024. Of those international visitors, 16.6 million arrived in Mexico by air, representing an increase of nearly 100,000 visitors compared to the same period in 2024 and a 10.2% increase compared to the same period in 2019. The United States, Canada and the United Kingdom were the most represented countries of origin for tourists traveling by air to Mexico in this period.

Transportation and Communications

Highways

On October 8, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the Programa de Infraestructura Carretera (Road Infrastructure Program), which aims to modernize, expand and maintain the national road network to improve Mexico's connectivity and competitiveness, had achieved 60% overall completion.

On November 22, 2025, the Secretaría de Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes (Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation, or SICT) reported that 644 out of 820 kilometers of roads in the Mixteca region of Oaxaca have been expanded, maintained and modernized as part and representing 78% completion of the Ps. 6.2 billion Plan General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río Plan).

Seaports

From January to October 2025, total cargo handled at Mexican seaports totaled 209.0 million tons, an 8.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. This decrease was mainly driven by a decline in export cargo, which totaled 66.0 million tons, a 13.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. Imports also declined by 8.4% compared to the same period in 2024, totaling 99.6 million tons from January to October 2025.

Aviation

On December 9, 2025, SICT announced that Ps.129.1 billion are expected to be invested in airport infrastructure by 2030. In 2025, Ps. 36.5 billion of federal government and private sector funding was allocated to the country's 62 airports, including for expansion and modernization projects at the Puerto Escondido, Tepic, Monterrey, Guadalajara, Mexico City, Puerto Vallarta, Cancún, Tijuana, Mérida and Chihuahua airports.

Railways

On November 25, 2025, SICT announced that construction was underway on four passenger train routes in northern and central Mexico, including the Mexico City-Querétaro Train, the Mexico City-Pachuca Train, and the Querétaro-Irapuato Train. These projects aim to add or rehabilitate 785 kilometers of railway infrastructure, along with the development of main and secondary stations.

S-30

Table of Contents

Communications

On October 21, 2025, the Comisión Reguladora de Telecomunicaciones (Telecommunications Regulatory Commission, or CRT) announced the completion of the restructuring of the economic competition and telecommunications system. As part of this process, the Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (National Antitrust Commission, or CNA) was established to replace the former Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Commission for Economic Competition, or COFECE), and the CRT was created to succeed the Instituto Federal de Telecomunicaciones (Federal Telecommunications Institute, or IFT). The CRT is a decentralized administrative body of the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency), an independent agency tasked with furthering the efficient development of telecommunications and broadcasting in Mexico.

On November 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Estatuto Orgánico de la Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (Organic Statute of the National Antimonopoly Commission), which establishes the organizational structure and operating bases of the CNA as a decentralized public body of the government, in accordance with the Ley Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Antitrust Law).

On November 27, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced an expected investment of between Ps. 500 and Ps. 2,000 million in transportation infrastructure for each of the venues hosting the FIFA World Cup 2026 in Mexico, Mexico City (Metro Line 2), Jalisco (Line 5) and Nuevo León (Lines 4 and 6).

On December 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing a new methodology to determine the fees to be paid in connection with services provided by the CNA, such as concentrations analyses, which is informed by, international practices and the costs incurred by the CNA in providing such services, among other factors. Under this methodology, applicable fees are determined using a tiered structure based on the estimated maximum value of the operation and include an additional 15% sustainability surcharge.

Mining

On December 4, 2025, the Supreme Court affirmed the constitutionality of a decree published on May 8, 2023 in the Official Gazette that reformed, added and repealed various provisions on mining and water concessions contained in the Ley Minera (Mining Law), the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), the Ley General del Equilibrio Ecológico y la Protección al Ambiente (General Law of Ecological Balance and Environmental Protection) and the Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral de los Residuos (General Law for the Prevention and Comprehensive Management of Waste). Further, Supreme Court affirmed that Congress has the power to redefine the regulation of the mining and water sector, and that concession titles contain regulatory clauses that can be adjusted for the public interest.

S-31

Table of Contents

FINANCIAL SYSTEM

Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates

Money Supply and Savings

The following table shows Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply aggregates at each of the dates indicated. The methodology for the calculation of Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply is discussed in "Financial System-Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates-Money Supply and Savings" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Table No. 7 - Money Supply

                                                                                                               
                                  At September 30,                 
                                  2024                                            2025(1)   
                                  (in millions of nominal pesos)   
M1:                                                                                                            
Bills and coins                   Ps.                              2,836,728                Ps.   3,052,343    
Checking deposits                                                                                              
In domestic currency                                               2,556,699                      2,680,887    
In foreign currency                                                661,480                        650,214      
Interest-bearing peso deposits                                     1,480,211                      1,633,006    
Savings and loan deposits                                          85,659                         127,951      
                                                                                                               
Total M1                          Ps.                              7,620,777                Ps.   8,144,401    
                                                                                                               
M4                                Ps.                              19,354,248               Ps.   21,092,811   
                                                                                                               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Inflation

Consumer inflation at the end of the third quarter of 2025 was 3.8%, which was above Banco de México's 3.0% (+/- 1.0%) target inflation for the year, 0.4 percentage point lower than the 4.2% consumer inflation for 2024 and 0.9 percentage points lower than the 4.7% consumer inflation for 2023. This trend was the result of Banco de México's monetary policy actions and the decline in non-core inflation, particularly in fruits, vegetables and energy prices, which offset a moderate increase in core inflation.

Annual core inflation, which better reflects medium-term price pressures on the economy, remained higher than target inflation for the year and was 4.3% at the end of the third quarter of 2025, higher than core inflation of 3.7% for 2024.

On November 18, 2025, the Government announced the renewal of the Paquete Contra la Inflación y la Carestía (Anti-Inflation and Deficit Package, or PACIC), as part of which the private sector will contribute to stabilizing the prices of basic products, promoting a more balanced outlook between producers and consumers. The PACIC is intended to serve as a permanent platform for constructive dialogue between private companies and the public sector.

S-32

Table of Contents

The following table shows, in percentage terms, the changes in price indices and increases in the minimum wage for the periods indicated.

Table No. 8 - Rates of Change in Price Indices

                                                                                                                                                               
             National ConsumerPrice Index(1)(4)           National ProducerPrice Index(1)(3)(4)           Increase inMinimum Wage(5)   
2022                                              7.8                                               5.3                                    22.0;(6) 22.0(7)    
2023                                              4.7                                               1.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0(7)    
2024                                              4.2                                               7.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0 (7)   
2025:                                                                                                                                                          
January                                           3.6                                               7.6                                    12.0 ;(6) 12.0 (7)  
February                                          3.8                                               7.9                                    -?                  
March                                             3.8                                               7.3                                    -?                  
April                                             3.9                                               7.1                                    -?                  
May                                               4.4                                               6.8                                    -?                  
June                                              4.3                                               5.2                                    -?                  
July                                              3.5                                               4.1                                    -?                  
August                                            3.6                                               3.7                                    -?                  
September                                         3.8                                               3.4                                    -?                  
October                                           3.6                                               3.4                                    -?                  
November                                          3.8                                               2.8                                    -?                  


(1)

Changes in price indices are calculated as the 12-month percentage change. For annual figures, changes in price indices are calculated each December. Monthly figures are annualized.

(2)

Effective August 2018, the Índice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor (National Consumer Price Index, or INPC) was changed to: (1) update the base date to the second half of July 2018; (2) increase the number of categories for goods and services; (3) increase the number of areas represented; and (4) adjust the weighting of each component.

(3)

Índice Nacional de Precios al Productor (National Producer Price Index, or INPP) figures represent the changes in the prices for basic merchandise and services (excluding oil prices). INPP takes July 2019 as a base date.

(4)

Preliminary figures for July to November 2025.

(5)

Effective January 1, 2019, Mexico has two minimum wages: one rate applicable to municipalities located on the border with the United States, which are included in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone, and a different rate applicable to the rest of Mexico. The rate of change for 2019, for both the minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone and the minimum wage applicable to the rest of Mexico, is as compared to the minimum wage in effect prior to January 1, 2019.

(6)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

(7)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to areas other than the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

Sources: INEGI; Ministry of Labor and Social Security.

S-33

Table of Contents

Interest Rates

The following table sets forth the average interest rates per annum on 28-day and 91-day Certificados de la Tesorería de la Federación (Federal Treasury Certificates, or Cetes), the costo porcentual promedio (average weighted cost of term deposits for commercial banks, or CPP) and the 28-day and 91-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 9 - Average Cetes , CPP and TIIE Rates

                                                                                                                           
                 28-DayCetes            91-DayCetes            CPP       28-DayTIIE       91-DayTIIE   
2021:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   4.1                      4.1              3.2                           4.3          4.3    
July-December                  4.7                      5.1              3.3                           4.9          5.0    
2022:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   6.4                      7.0              4.3                           6.6          6.8    
July-December                  8.9                      9.6              6.0                           9.2          9.6    
2023:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.1                     11.4             7.9                           11.3         11.4   
July-December                  11.1                     11.3             8.5                           11.5         11.5   
2024:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.0                     11.2             8.7                           11.4         11.5   
July-December                  10.4                     10.5             8.3                           10.8         11.0   
2025:                                                                                                                      
January                        9.9                      9.8              7.9                           10.3         10.4   
February                       9.5                      9.3              7.8                           9.9          10.0   
March                          9.1                      9.0              7.5                           9.7          9.8    
April                          8.8                      8.6              7.2                           9.3          9.3    
May                            8.3                      8.3              6.9                           9.0          9.1    
June                           8.1                      8.0              6.7                           8.7          8.8    
July                           7.7                      8.0              6.4                           8.3          8.3    
August                         7.4                      7.7              6.2                           8.1          8.1    
September                      7.3                      7.6              6.1                           8.0          8.1    
October                        7.3                      7.4              5.9                           7.8          7.9    
November                       7.2                      7.3              5.8                           7.6          7.7    
December                       7.2                      7.2              5.7                           7.5          7.5    


Source: Banco de México.

During the first nine months of 2025, interest rates on 28-day Cetes averaged 8.2%, as compared to 10.8% during the same period of 2024. Interest rates on 91-day Cetes averaged 8.3%, as compared to 11.0% during the same period of 2024.

On January 2, 2026, the 28-day Cetes rate was 7.2% and the 91-day Cetes rate was 7.2%.

On September 25, 2025 and November 6, 2025, Banco de México held its sixth and seventh monetary policy meetings of 2025, respectively, and decreased the Tasa de Fondeo Bancario (overnight interbank funding rate) by 25 basis points on each occasion, bringing the rate to 7.25%. These decisions took into account the inflation outlook, the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive, the recent weakening of economic activity, exchange rate dynamics and potential spillovers from global trade policy shifts.

Banco de México decreased the overnight interbank funding rate to 7.0% at its meeting on December 18, 2025. That decision took into account the trajectory of inflation, the deceleration in domestic economic activity, exchange rate developments, and the prevailing global environment marked by trade tensions and geopolitical risks, as well as the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive. Therefore, as of January 2, 2026, the overnight interbank funding rate stood at 7.0%, compared to 10.0% as of December 31, 2024.

S-34

Table of Contents

Exchange Controls and Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign Exchange Rates

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the daily peso/U.S. dollar exchange rates published by Banco de México for the payment of obligations denominated in dollars and payable in pesos within Mexico.

Table No. 10 - Exchange Rates

                                                                            
             Representative Market Rate   
             End-of-Period                            Average   
2021                                      20.4672                 20.2787   
2022                                      19.4715                 20.1193   
2023                                      16.9190                 17.7382   
2024                                      20.7862                 18.3336   
2025                                                                        
January                                   20.6068                 20.5490   
February                                  20.5080                 20.4571   
March                                     20.4380                 20.2417   
April                                     19.6095                 20.0564   
May                                       19.3858                 19.4355   
June                                      18.8332                 19.0300   
July                                      18.7963                 18.6909   
August                                    18.6440                 18.7063   
September                                 18.3342                 18.499    
October                                   18.5725                 18.4296   
November                                  18.3075                 18.4185   
December                                  18.0012                 18.0739   


Source: Banco de México.

On January 2, 2026, the peso/U.S. dollar exchange rate closed at Ps. 17.8803 = U.S.$1.00, a 13.98% depreciation in dollar terms as compared to the rate on December 31, 2024. The peso/U.S. dollar buying exchange rate published by Banco de México on January 2, 2026 (which took effect on the second business day thereafter) was Ps. 17.9528 = U.S.$1.00.

S-35

Table of Contents

Banking System

As of September 30, 2025, the total assets of the banking sector were Ps. 15,362.5 billion, which represented a real annual increase of 3.9% as compared to the end of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2025, the current loan portfolio of the banking sector had a balance of Ps. 7,863.4 billion, a real annual increase of 3.2% as compared to September 30, 2024. Finally, the banking sector's net result was Ps. 226.1 billion as of September 30, 2025, 2.1% lower in real terms as compared to September 30, 2024.

On October 1, 2025, the Consejo de Estabilidad Financiera (Mexican Financial Stability Board) updated its assessment of risks faced by the Mexican financial system, concluding that the Mexican financial system remains solid and resilient, and that the banking sector is adequately capitalized and counts with appropriate liquidity. The Mexican Financial Stability Board assessment also noted that the outlook continues to be subject to a high degree of uncertainty in connection with potential external shocks related to global monetary policy and geopolitical developments.

Banking Supervision and Support

As of September 30, 2025, the Índice de Capitalización (Capitalization Index, or ICAP) for the multiple banking sector was 20.4%, as compared to 19.4% as of September 30, 2024 and 19.09% as of December 31, 2024. For more information on ICAP, see "Financial System-Banking Supervision and Support-Bank Supervision Policy" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

As of September 30, 2025, all multiple banking institutions fell under the first early warning category, indicating that the institutions met the minimum capitalization requirements and were sufficiently capitalized in the event of unexpected loss scenarios. No immediate supervisory actions by the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV) were required as of that date.

On October 10, 2025, the Instituto para la Protección al Ahorro Bancario (Institute for the Protection of Bank Savings, or IPAB) announced the beginning of the liquidation process of CIBanco S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple (CIBanco). IPAB also announced that, in its role as liquidator, it would start to make payments in connection with insured deposits of up to 400,000 Unidades de Inversion (Investment Units, or UDIs), without the use of public funds, which are expected to fully cover the deposits of 99.4% of CIBanco's affected banking clients. Authorities also stated that CIBanco's 0.44% share of total banking system assets means its orderly liquidation does not pose a risk to the overall stability of the Mexican financial system.

On October 13, 2025, the CNBV announced the revocation of CIBanco's authorization to operate as a multiple banking institution following IPAB's appointment as liquidator of CIBanco's assets.

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit, through the UIF, reported that it is coordinating actions with the U.S. Department of the Treasury, including the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), to identify and disrupt financial structures associated with criminal organizations dedicated to the trafficking of narcotics. These joint efforts aim to block assets, prevent the use of front companies, and strengthen bilateral information-sharing mechanisms to limit the circulation of illicit proceeds in the Mexican and U.S. financial systems.

Insurance Companies, Mutual Funds and Auxiliary Credit Institutions

As of October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional del Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (National Retirement Savings System Commission, or CONSAR) reported that total net assets managed within the Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (Retirement Savings System, or SAR) reached Ps. 8.17 trillion, representing more than 20.0% of Mexico's GDP. These resources are invested under a diversified regime, allowing the Sociedades de Inversión Especializada en Fondos para el Retiro (Specialized Investment Companies in Retirement Funds, or SIEFORES) to maximize workers' savings based on the maturity profile of each fund. As of October 31, 2025, 51.9% of net assets managed within the SAR was invested in Mexican government bonds.

S-36

Table of Contents

On October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas (National Insurance and Surety Commission, or CNSF) reported that, as of September 30, 2025, the insurance and surety market was comprised of 113 institutions, and that in the third quarter of 2025, direct premiums in the insurance sector increased from Ps. 704.1 billion to Ps. 787.1 billion, representing a 7.7% real increase compared to the same period in 2024. The insurance and surety sector recorded 5.1% real growth in profits, increasing from Ps. 62.2 billion in the third quarter of 2024 to Ps. 65.3 billion in the third quarter of 2025.

Securities Markets

On January 2, 2026, the Índice de Precios y Cotizaciones (Stock Market Index, or IPC), which is calculated based on a group of the thirty-five most actively traded shares, stood at 64,141.36 points, representing an 29.5% increase from the level at December 31, 2024.

FOREIGN TRADE AND BALANCE OF PAYMENTS

Foreign Trade

On September 23, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Reglas de Procedimiento del artículo 10.12 (Revisión ante un Panel Binacional) del Tratado entre los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, los Estados Unidos de América y Canadá (Rules of Procedure of Article 10.12 (Review before a Binational Panel) of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which govern binational panel reviews in connection with Chapter 10 of the USMCA on trade remedies.

On December 15, 2025, the Government, through the Ministry of Economy, announced that the Paquete Arancelario (Tariff Package), which came into effect on January 1, 2026, and is intended to protect 350,000 jobs in the automotive, steel, footwear, textile and apparel industries in the states of Aguascalientes, Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, State of Mexico, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Nuevo León, Puebla, and Querétaro, without harming any trade partner or affecting trade relations with countries with which Mexico does not have a trade agreement in place.

S-37

Table of Contents

Foreign Trade Performance

The following table provides information about the value of Mexico's merchandise exports and imports (excluding tourism) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 11 - Exports and Imports

                                                                                                                                                                        
                                       First nine months                                                                  
                                       2024(1)                                                                                            2025(1)   
                                       (in millions of U.S. dollars, except averageprice of the Mexican crude oil mix )   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Oil and oil products                   U.S.$                                                                              21,402.5                  U.S.$   16,357.3    
Crude oil                                                                                                                 16,185.6                          11,646.9    
Other                                                                                                                     5,216.9                           4,710.4     
Non-oil products                                                                                                          434,357.7                         465,284.7   
Agricultural                                                                                                              17,813.6                          16,272.4    
Mining                                                                                                                    7,703.4                           9,537.3     
Manufactured goods(2)                                                                                                     408,840.7                         439,475.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise exports                                                                                                 455,760.2                         481,642.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Consumer goods                                                                                                            74,534.7                          70,215.0    
Intermediate goods(2)                                                                                                     354,900.0                         372,582.5   
Capital goods                                                                                                             45,797.4                          41,772.0    
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise imports                                                                                                 475,232.1                         484,569.5   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Trade balance                          U.S.$                                                                              (19,471.9   )             U.S.$   (2,927.5    ) 
                                                                                                                                                                        
Average price of Mexican oil mix(3)    U.S.$                                                                              72.1                      U.S.$   62.6        
                                                                                                                                                                        


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Includes the in-bond industry.

(3)

In U.S. dollars per barrel.

Source: Banco de México/PEMEX.

Foreign Trade Relations and Agreements

On August 28, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Mexico and Brazil had signed agreements on trade, health, agriculture, and energy to strengthen bilateral cooperation and expand opportunities for joint development.

On November 28, 2025, representatives of Mexico and Canada attended the first meeting of the Asociación Estratégica Integral México-Canadá (Mexico-Canada Integral Strategic Association, or AEIMC), with the aim of strengthening bilateral cooperation in priority sectors that contribute to joint development and well-being of both countries.

S-38

Table of Contents

Balance of Payments and International Reserves

The following table sets forth Mexico's balance of payments for the periods indicated:

Table No. 12 - Balance of Payments

                                                                                                              
                                First nine months               
                                2024(1)                                         2025(1)   
                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Current account(2)              U.S.$                           (27,525.5   )             U.S.$   (11,782.2   ) 
Credits                                                         568,480.7                         593,921.2   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                    456,262.2                         482,234.2   
Non-factor services                                             46,182.3                          48,732.8    
Transport                                                       7,665.1                           5,965.1     
Tourism                                                         24,266.8                          25,778.4    
Insurance and pensions                                          4,243.3                           3,684.2     
Financial services                                              663.7                             736.6       
Others                                                          9,343.4                           12,568.4    
Primary income                                                  16,927.9                          16,500.3    
Secondary income                                                49,108.3                          46,453.9    
Debits                                                          596,006.2                         605,703.4   
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                    475,763.6                         485,133.9   
Non-factor services                                             53,358.3                          54,937.4    
Transport                                                       18,795.4                          18,996.5    
Tourism                                                         7,947.9                           9,649.5     
Insurance and pensions                                          7,560.0                           7,520.4     
Financial services                                              2,309.3                           1,426.9     
Others                                                          16,745.8                          17,344.0    
Primary income                                                  65,800.5                          64,708.0    
Secondary income                                                1,083.8                           924.2       
Capital account                                                 (55.3       )                     (24.7       ) 
Credit                                                          266.8                             169.8       
Debit                                                           322.1                             194.5       
Financial account                                               (25,963.4   )                     (2,110.3    ) 
Direct investment                                               (32,363.2   )                     (33,820.9   ) 
Portfolio investment                                            1,319.3                           2,408.2     
Financial derivatives                                           2,610.2                           2,798.8     
Other investment                                                (8,998.1    )                     8,644.7     
Reserve assets                                                  11,468.3                          17,858.9    
International reserves                                          17,453.7                          27,520.1    
Valuation adjustment                                            5,985.4                           9,661.2     
Errors and omissions                                            1,617.4                           9,696.5     


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Current account figures are calculated according to a methodology developed to conform to new international standards under which merchandise exports and merchandise imports include the in-bound industry.

Source: Banco de México.

In the third quarter of 2025, Mexico's current account registered a surplus of U.S.$2.32 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, compared to a deficit of U.S.$2.04 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, in the third quarter of 2024. The increase in the current account balance was mainly due to an increase in the balance of non-oil goods and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in the primary income deficit. This was partially offset by a reduction in the secondary income surplus and increases in the deficits in services and oil goods.

S-39

Table of Contents

International Reserves and Assets

The following table sets forth Banco de México's international reserves and net international assets at the end of each period indicated.

Table No. 13 - International Reserves and Net International Assets(1)

                                                                                                                     
             End-of-PeriodInternational Reserves(2)(3)             End-of-PeriodNet International Assets   
             (in billions of U.S dollars)                
2022                                                     199.1                                               201.1   
2023                                                     212.8                                               214.3   
2024                                                     228.8                                               231.8   
2025:                                                                                                                
January                                                  230.8                                               240.7   
February                                                 234.3                                               245.5   
March                                                    237.0                                               246.5   
April                                                    239.1                                               245.8   
May                                                      240.0                                               246.2   
June                                                     241.5                                               248.9   
July                                                     242.3                                               251.2   
August                                                   244.4                                               248.9   
September                                                246.8                                               267.2   
October                                                  248.9                                               257.0   
November                                                 250.2                                               255.7   


(1)

"Net international assets" are defined as: (a) gross international reserves, plus (b) assets with maturities greater than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks, less (x) liabilities outstanding to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and (y) liabilities with maturities of less than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks.

(2)

Includes gold, Special Drawing Rights (international reserve assets created by the IMF) and foreign exchange holdings.

(3)

"International reserves" are equivalent to: (a) gross international reserves, minus (b) international liabilities of Banco de México with maturities of less than six months.

(4)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Foreign Investment in Mexico

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Economy reported that, in the first three quarters of 2025, Foreign Direct Investment in Mexico reached a historic high of U.S.$40.9 billion, a 14.5% increase compared to U.S.$35.7 billion in the same period in 2024.

S-40

Table of Contents

PUBLIC FINANCE

General

At the end of the third quarter of 2025, public finances remained consistent with the fiscal goals outlined in the 2025 Economic Package, reflecting an annual reduction in the budget deficit.

Fiscal policy

In September 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit published the Criterios Generales de Política Económica (General Criteria for Economic Policy) for 2026, on the basis of the Paquete Económico 2026 (2026 Economic Package) which sets forth a fiscal policy that aims to, among other objectives, (i) preserve macroeconomic stability, (ii) achieve the gradual normalization of the budget deficit and a sustainable level of public debt, and (iii) guarantee public investment in welfare programs, health sector policies, the strengthening of education and social housing and other priority programs, in accordance with the Estrategia Nacional de Industrialización y Prosperidad Compartida "Plan México" (the National Strategy for Industrialization and Shared Prosperity, or Plan Mexico).

The Budget

On November 7 and November 21, 2025, the Ley de Ingresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Federal Revenue Law, or the 2026 Revenue Law) and the Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal de 2026 (Federal Expenditure Budget for 2026, or the 2026 Expenditure Budget) were published in the Official Gazette, respectively.

Selected estimated budget expenditures and preliminary results are set forth in the table below.

Table No. 14 - Selected Budgetary Expenditures; 2025 Expenditure Budget

(In Billions of Pesos)

                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                     Actual                                              
                                     2024(1)               First nine monthsof 2024(1)                 First nine monthsof 2025(1)           2025 Budget(2)   
Health                               Ps.       65.6                                      Ps.   48.6                                    Ps.   42.6                 Ps.   66.7      
Education                                      449.1                                           344.2                                         383.4                      450.9     
Housing and community development              15.1                                            14.0                                          15.8                       38.0      
Government debt service                        1,042.5                                         773.1                                         846.4                      1,149.6   
CFE and PEMEX debt service                     107.9                                           139.9                                         176.8                      186.4     
PEMEX debt service                             73.1                                            111.6                                         143.5                      147.9     
CFE debt service                               34.7                                            28.3                                          33.4                       38.5      


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-41

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth the budgetary results for the periods indicated. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 and 2026 Budgets.

Table No. 15 - Budgetary Results; 2025 and 2026 Budget Assumptions and Targets

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                             Actual                                        
                                                             2024(1)     First ninemonths of2024(1)        First ninemonths of2025(1)     2025 Budget(2)           2026 Budget(2) 
Real GDP growth (%)(3)                                                   1.4                          %                                                    1.7     %          0.1     %          0.5-1.5   %          1.8-2.8   % 
Increase in the national consumer price index (%)(4)                     4.2                          %                                                    4.6     %          3.8     %          3.8       %          3.0       % 
Average export price of Mexican oil mix (U.S.$/barrel)(5)                70.24                                                                             72.06              62.58              62.0                 54.9      
Average exchange rate (Ps./$1.00)                                        18.3                                                                              17.7               19.5               19.6                 19.3      
Average rate on 28-day Cetes (%)                                         10.7                         %                                                    10.9    %          8.5     %          8.4       %          6.6       % 
Public sector balance as % of GDP(6)                                     (5.0                         )%                                                   (3.0    )%         (2.2    )%         (3.6      )%         (3.6      )% 
Primary balance as % of GDP(6)                                           (1.5                         )%                                                   (0.6    )%         0.5     %          0.2       %          0.5       % 
Current account balance as % of GDP                                      (0.9                         )%                                                   (2.0    )%         (0.9    )%         (0.3      )%         (0.6      )% 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 and 2026 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025 and 2026, respectively. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 and 2026 economic results.

(3)

Figures represent year-over-year change for the first nine months of 2024 and first nine months of 2025.

(4)

Figures represent the 12-month percentage change in the consumer price index for the last month in the period indicated.

(5)

The Government entered into hedging agreements to mitigate the effects of a change in oil prices with respect to the level that was assumed in the 2025 Revenue Law. Therefore, the approved expenditures level should not be affected if the weighted average price of crude oil exported by PEMEX for the year falls below the price assumed in the 2025 Budget.

(6)

Includes the effect of expenditures related to the issuance of bonds pursuant to reforms to the Ley del Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado (Law of the Institute for Social Security and Social Services of Government Workers, or ISSSTE Law) and the recognition as public sector debt of certain long-term infrastructure-related projects (PIDIREGAS) obligations, as discussed under "Public Finance-Revenues and Expenditures-General" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-42

Table of Contents

Revenues and Expenditures

General

On November 27, 2025, the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (National Institute of Statistics and Geography, or INEGI) published the Estadística de Finanzas Públicas Estatales y Municipales 2024 (State and Municipal Public Finance Statistics, or EFIPEM), which consolidates information on revenue, expenditure, public debt and federal transfers by state and municipality based on data reported by local treasuries. The EFIPEM allows for the monitoring of state and municipal budget execution and multi-year fiscal planning, and provides key inputs for performance evaluation and the aligning of public spending with the objectives of the Plan Nacional de Desarrollo 2025-2030 (National Development Plan 2025-2030) and Mexico's international sustainable development commitments.

The following table presents the composition of public sector budgetary revenues for the first nine months of 2024 and 2025 in billions of pesos. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 Budget.

Table No. 16 - Public Sector Budgetary Revenues

(In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                               Actual                       
                                                                               First ninemonths of2024(2)               First ninemonths of2025(2)               2025 Budget(3)   
Budgetary revenues                                                                                          5,624.4                                    6,247.7                        8,055.6   
Federal Government                                                                                          4,070.9                                    4,615.3                        5,952.0   
Taxes                                                                                                       3,696.2                                    4,107.3                        5,297.8   
Income tax(4)                                                                                               2,036.3                                    2,243.2                        2,859.7   
Value-added tax                                                                                             1,038.8                                    1,149.4                        1,463.3   
Excise taxes                                                                                                449.9                                      495.8                          713.8     
Import duties                                                                                               98.0                                       125.8                          151.8     
Tax on the exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons                                                     5.1                                        5.0                            7.1       
Export duties                                                                                               0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Other                                                                                                       68.0                                       88.1                           102.0     
Non-tax revenue                                                                                             373.4                                      508.0                          654.2     
Fees and tolls(5)                                                                                           112.6                                      126.3                          151.2     
Transfers from the Mexican Petroleum Fund for Stabilization and Development                                 106.0                                      185.2                          279.8     
Fines and surcharges                                                                                        154.8                                      196.4                          223.2     
Other                                                                                                       0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Public enterprises and agencies                                                                             1,553.6                                    1,632.4                        2,103.7   
PEMEX(6)                                                                                                    667.3                                      737.5                          860.9     
Others(7)                                                                                                   886.3                                      894.9                          1,242.8   


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Nominal pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

(4)

Includes tax and oil Impuesto Sobre la Renta (Income Tax).

(5)

Includes oil and non-tax duties.

(6)

Includes oil revenues, which are classified as non-tax revenues for information consistency purposes.

(7)

Includes CFE, IMSS and ISSSTE.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

Revenues

Taxation and Tax Revenues

On October 31, 2025, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) recognized Mexico and its tax authority, the Servicio de Administración Tributaria (Tax Administration Service), for providing tax certainty for high-income taxpayers.

S-43

Table of Contents

Pursuant to the 2026 Revenue Law, the rates in cases of unpaid tax assessments are modified, starting in 2026, to reflect (i) increasing the rate on outstanding balances from 0.98% to 1.38% per month, and (ii) when payment by installments is authorized, increasing the rate from 1.26% to 1.42% per month, from 1.53% to 1.63% per month and from 1.82% to 1.97% per month for installment plans of up to 12 months, installments plans of between 12 and 24 months and installments plans of over 12 months or deferred payment plans, respectively.

Expenditures

Health and Labor, Education and Other Social Welfare Expenditures

On November 10, 2025, the Programa Institucional 2025-2030 del Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública (Institutional Program 2025-2030 of the National Institute of Public Health) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of improving public health in Mexico through scientific research and development, and by implementing a healthcare approach based on equity, social justice and collective well-being.

On November 25, 2025, the Consejo Nacional de Inclusión Financiera (National Council for Financial Inclusion, or CONAIF) presented the Política Nacional de Inclusión Financiera 2025-2030 (National Financial Inclusion Policy 2025-2030), which aims to promote the financial inclusion of individuals and businesses in Mexico.

On December 2, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced the launch of 500 Farmacias del Bienestar (Well-being Pharmacies), which aim to benefit elderly populations and those with disabilities by improving access to medication, with plans to implement them throughout Mexico by March 2026.

On December 5, 2025, the Programa Institucional de Financiera Para el Bienestar 2025-2030 (Institutional Program of Finance Entity for Well-Being) 2025-2030) was published in the Official Gazette, outlining the five-year program of the decentralized agency tasked, with serving the interests of vulnerable populations in the financial system, including by providing reliable and timely financial services and products.

Government Agencies and Enterprises

On December 10, 2025, the Ministry of Economy published the Calendario de Presupuesto Autorizado a la Secretaría de Economía y Entidades Paraestatales Apoyadas para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Authorized Budget Calendar for the Ministry of Economy and Supported Parastatal Entities for Fiscal Year 2026) in the Official Gazette.

PUBLIC DEBT

Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

The following table sets forth the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements as a percentage of GDP at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 17 - Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

(Percentage of GDP)(1)

                                                                                                                                        
                                                              At September 30, 2024(2)             At September 30, 2025(2)   
Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements                               49.3%                                  49.9%   


(1)

The calculation of Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements is discussed in footnote 1 to Table No. 67 in "Public Debt-Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

For an explanation of Mexico's public debt classification, including an explanation of the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements, please see "Public Debt-Public Debt Classification" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-44

Table of Contents

Internal Debt

On October 2, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 137.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 34.2 billion, Ps. 66.4 billion, and Ps. 36.4 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-term instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On October 31, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 165.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 27.0 billion, Ps. 49.1 billion, and Ps. 88.9 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-dated instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On December 5, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out sustainability-linked bond offerings in the local market in the amount of Ps. 26,200 million consisting of an issuance of BONDES G with two, four and six year maturities and an issuance of a Bono S with a 10 year maturity, each under the SDG Sovereign Bond Framework.

Internal Public Sector Debt

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the public sector at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 18 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Public Sector

                                                                                                                                      
                                                At September 30, 2024(1)                  At September 30, 2025(1)   
                                                (in billions of pesos)     
Gross Debt                                      Ps.                        13,330.7                                  Ps.   14,909.6   
By Term                                                                                                                               
Long-term                                                                  12,532.0                                        14,302.9   
Short-term                                                                 798.7                                           606.6      
By User                                                                                                                               
Federal Government                                                         12,595.0                                        14,171.6   
State-Owned Public Companies (PEMEX and CFE)                               326.6                                           301.7      
Development Banks                                                          409.1                                           436.2      
Financial Assets                                                           760.6                                           1,103.5    
Total Net Debt                                  Ps.                        12,570.1                                  Ps.   13,806.1   
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                    40.3       %                                    42.7       % 
Net Internal Debt/GDP(2)                                                   38.0       %                                    39.6       % 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

The calculation of net internal debt is discussed in footnote 2 to Table No. 68 in "Public Debt-Internal Debt-Internal Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

S-45

Table of Contents

Internal Government Debt

As of January 2, 2026, there was no debt of any state or municipality guaranteed by the Government outstanding.

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the Government at each of the dates indicated.

Table No. 19 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Government(1)

                                                                                                                                                                     
                           At September 30, 2024                                          At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in billions of pesos, except percentages)   
Government Securities                                                   Ps.12,108.8                                    96.1    %       Ps.13,699.2           96.7    % 
Cetes                                                                   1,764.2                                        14.0            2,034.5               14.4    
Floating Rate Bonds(5)                                                  2,190.5                                        17.4            2,216.0               15.6    
Inflation-Linked Bonds                                                  3,583.8                                        28.5            4,209.1               29.7    
Fixed Rate Bonds                                                        4,560.3                                        36.2            5,264.3               37.1    
STRIPS of Udibonos                                                      9.9                                            0.1             10.2                  0.1     
Other(3)                                                                486.2                                          3.9             472.5                 3.3     
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Gross Debt                                                        Ps.12,595.0                                    100.0   %       Ps.14,171.6           100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Net Debt                                                                                                                                                             
Financial Assets(4)                                                     437.2                                                          500.9                         
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Net Debt                                                          Ps.12,157.8                                                    Ps.13,670.7                   
                                                                                                                                                                     
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                 38.0          %                                                40.6          %               
Net Internal Debt/GDP                                                   36.7          %                                                39.2          %               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Internal debt figures do not include securities sold by Banco de México in open-market operations to manage liquidity levels pursuant to Regulación Monetaria. This is because such sales do not increase the Government's overall level of internal debt. Banco de México must reimburse the Government for any allocated debt that Banco de México sells into the secondary market and that is presented to the Government for payment. If Banco de México undertakes extensive sales of allocated debt in the secondary market, however, this can result in an elevated level of outstanding internal debt as compared to the Government's figure for net internal debt.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

Includes Ps. 98.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and Ps. 88.0 billion at September 30, 2025 in liabilities associated with social security under the ISSSTE Law.

(4)

Includes the net balance (denominated in pesos) of the General Account of the Tesorería de la Federación (Treasury of the Federation) in Banco de México.

(5)

Figures correspond to BONDES D floating rate bonds, which are linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE), whereas BONDES F and BONDES G are floating-rate bonds linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio de fondeo (funding equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIEF).

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Debt

On September 8, 2025, Standard & Poor's affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

On October 28, 2025, HR Ratings affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB+, changing the outlook from negative to stable.

On October 30, 2025, Kroll Bond Rating Agency affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

External Public Sector Debt

According to preliminary figures, as of September 30, 2025, outstanding gross external public sector debt totaled U.S.$256.4 billion, an approximate U.S.$35.3 billion increase from the U.S.$221.0 billion outstanding on December 31, 2024. Of this amount, U.S.$254.2 billion represented long-term debt and U.S.$2.2 billion represented short-term debt. Net external indebtedness increased by U.S.$25.3 billion during the first nine months of 2025.

S-46

Table of Contents

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external public sector debt, including a breakdown of such debt by type, a breakdown of such debt by currency and net external public sector debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 20 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Type(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                             
                                                At September 30, 2024(3)                      At September 30, 2025(3)   
                                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Long-Term Direct Debt of the Government         U.S.$                           128,907.8                                U.S.$   153,002.7   
Long-Term Debt of Budget Controlled Agencies                                    83,991.7                                         95,804.1    
Other Long-Term Public Debt(4)                                                  5,081.3                                          5,352.0     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long-Term Debt                            U.S.$                           217,980.8                                U.S.$   254,158.8   
                                                                                                                                             
Total Short-Term Debt                                                           6,767.7                                          2,196.1     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long- and Short-Term Debt                 U.S.$                           224,748.5                                U.S.$   256,354.9   
                                                                                                                                             


Table No. 21 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Currency(1)

                                                                                                                                                                       
                   At September 30, 2024 (3)                                             At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   168,884.1                                   75.1    %     U.S.$   190,191.4         74.2    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               7,123.6                                     3.2                   7,078.9           2.8     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                     1.4                   4,371.3           1.7     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,944.6                                     0.9                   1,952.1           0.8     
Euros                                                                      30,375.7                                    13.5                  36,911.9          14.4    
Others                                                                     13,343.5                                    5.9                   15,849.3          6.2     
                                                                                                                                                                       
Total              U.S.$                                                   224,748.9                                   100.0   %     U.S.$   256,354.9         100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                       


Table No. 22 - Net External Debt of the Public Sector(1)

                                                                                                                                                   
                           At September 30, 2024 (3)                                               At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   219,817.5                                   U.S.$   243,645.2   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            13.0        %                                       13.0        % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              12.7        %                                       12.4        % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

External debt denominated in foreign currencies other than U.S. dollars has been translated into dollars at exchange rates as of each of the dates indicated. External public debt does not include (a) repurchase obligations of Banco de México with the IMF (none of which was outstanding as of September 30, 2025) or (b) loans from the Commodity Credit Corporation to public sector Mexican banks. External debt is presented herein on a "gross" basis and includes external obligations of the public sector at their full outstanding face or principal amount. For certain informational and statistical purposes, Mexico sometimes reports its external public sector debt on a "net" basis, which is calculated as the gross debt net of certain financial assets held abroad. These financial assets include Mexican public sector external debt that is held by public sector entities but that has not been cancelled.

(3)

Adjusted to reflect the effect of currency swaps.

(4)

Includes debt of development banks and other administratively-controlled agencies whose finances are consolidated with those of the Government.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

S-47

Table of Contents

External Government Debt

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external Government debt, including the gross external Government debt, net external Government debt and net Government debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 23 - Gross External Debt of the Government by Currency

                                                                                                                                                                      
                   At September 30, 2024                                                 At September 30, 2025(2)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   82,687.5                                   64.1    %     U.S.$   95,634.8          62.5    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               6,305.8                                    4.9                   6,286.8           4.1     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                    2.4                   4,371.3           2.9     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,341.1                                    1.0                   1,346.3           0.9     
Euros                                                                      22,976.7                                   17.8                  30,286.3          19.8    
Others                                                                     12,519.4                                   9.7                   15,077.2          9.9     
                                                                                                                                                                      
Total              U.S.$                                                   128,907.9                                  100.0         U.S.$   153,002.7         100.0   
                                                                                                                                                                      


Table No. 24 - Net External Debt of the Government

                                                                                                                                                    
                           At September 30, 2024                                                     At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   125,755.2                                    U.S.$   150,368.7   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            7.5         %(2)                                     7.8         % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              7.3         %(2)                                     7.7         % 


Table No. 25 - Net Debt of the Government

                                                                                           
                    At September 30, 2024              At September 30, 2025(2)   
Internal Debt                               83.1   %                                83.2   % 
External Debt(1)                            16.9   %                                16.8   % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

The calculation of external debt is discussed in footnote 3 to Table No. 77 in "Public Debt-External Public Debt-External Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Securities Offerings and Liability Management Transactions

On September 19, 2025, Mexico issued €2,500,000,000 of its 3.500% Global Notes due 2029, €1,500,000,000 of its 4.500% Global Notes due 2034 and €1,250,000,000 of its 5.125% Global Notes due 2038.

On September 22, 2025, Mexico issued $1,500,000,000 of its 4.750% Global Notes due 2031, $4,000,000,000 of its 5.375% Global Notes due 2033 and $2,500,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2035.

IMF Credit Lines

On November 13, 2025, the IMF Executive Board renewed the Flexible Credit Line Arrangement with Mexico for two more years, maintaining it as a precautionary instrument to support external resilience.

S-48

Table of Contents

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION

The underwriters severally have agreed to purchase, and Mexico has agreed to sell to them, the principal amount of each series of notes listed opposite their names below. The terms agreement, dated as of January , 2026, between Mexico and the underwriters provides the terms and conditions that govern this purchase.

                                                                                                                                                                       
Underwriters                     Principal Amountof the 2034 notes       Principal Amountof the 2038 notes             Principal Amountof the 2056 notes   
Barclays Capital Inc.            U.S.$                                                                       U.S.$                                           U.S.$     
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.    U.S.$                                                                       U.S.$                                           U.S.$     
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.       U.S.$                                                                       U.S.$                                           U.S.$     
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC         U.S.$                                                                       U.S.$                                           U.S.$     
Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.        U.S.$                                                                       U.S.$                                           U.S.$     
                                                                                                                                                                       
Total                            U.S.$                                                                       U.S.$                                           U.S.$     
                                                                                                                                                                       


Barclays Capital Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. are acting as joint lead underwriters in connection with the offering of the notes.

The underwriters plan to offer the notes to the public at the respective public offering price set forth for the 2034 notes, the 2038 notes and the 2056 notes on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. After the initial offering of the notes, the underwriters may vary the offering price and other selling terms. The underwriters may offer and sell the notes through certain of their respective affiliates. Some of the notes will be offered and sold in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") pursuant to Regulation S thereunder, and this prospectus supplement may be used in connection with such offers and sales.

The underwriters are purchasing and offering the notes, subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of the validity of the notes by counsel and other conditions contained in the terms agreement, such as the receipt by the underwriters of certificates of officials and legal opinions. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders, in whole or in part.

Some of the underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Mexico or its affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mexico or its affiliates. If any of the underwriters or their affiliates has a lending relationship with us, certain of those underwriters or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those underwriters or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to us consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, these underwriters and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in our securities, including potentially the notes offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the notes offered hereby. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

S-49

Table of Contents

In order to facilitate the offering of the notes, the underwriters and their affiliates may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or affect the price of the notes. In particular, the underwriters or their affiliates may:

•

over-allot in connection with the offering (i.e., apportion to dealers more of the notes than the underwriters have), creating a short position in the notes for their own accounts;

•

bid for and purchase notes in the open market to cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the notes; or

•

if the underwriters or their affiliates repurchase previously distributed notes, reclaim selling concessions which they gave to dealers when they sold the notes.

Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the notes above independent market levels. The underwriters or their affiliates are not required to engage in these activities, but, if they do, they may discontinue them at any time.

Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the underwriters, or any person acting on behalf of the underwriters, in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. This supplements the stabilization provision in the corresponding prospectus dated August 29, 2025 issued by Mexico.

It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made against payment therefor on the business day following the date hereof (such settlement cycle being referred to herein as "T+ "). Trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+ , to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the notes who wish to trade the notes prior to one business day before delivery should consult their own advisors.

The net proceeds to Mexico from the sale of the notes will be approximately U.S.$ , after the deduction of the underwriting discount and Mexico's share of the expenses in connection with the sale of the notes, which are estimated to be approximately U.S.$ .

The underwriters have agreed to pay for certain expenses of Mexico in connection with the offering of the notes.

Mexico has agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or to contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in respect of any of those liabilities.

Selling Restrictions

The notes are being offered for sale in jurisdictions where it is legal to make such offers. The notes will not be sold or offered in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. There will not be any distribution or publication of any document or information relating to the notes in any place without compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of that place. If you receive this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, then you must comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the place where you (a) purchase, offer, sell or deliver the notes or (b) possess, distribute or publish any offering material relating to the notes. Your compliance with these laws and regulations will be at your own expense.

S-50

Table of Contents

In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and the offer or sale of notes in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, the European Economic Area, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Uruguay. See below and "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus for further details on the restrictions on the offer and sale of the notes.

The terms relating to non-U.S. offerings that appear under "Plan of Distribution" in the prospectus do not apply to the offer and sale of the notes under the registration statement.

Austria

This document (the prospectus supplement and prospectus) is not an approved securities prospectus pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ("Prospectus Regulation") and the information contained herein does not constitute a public offer to grant or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the notes. No prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be provided or approved in the Republic of Austria and no prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation has been or will be passported into the Republic of Austria as the notes are only offered in the Republic of Austria in reliance on an exemption from the prospectus publication requirement under the Prospectus Regulation.

This document does not constitute a public offering (öffentliches Angebot) to investors in the Republic of Austria and must not be used in conjunction with a public offering pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) in the Republic of Austria. No prospectus pursuant to the Austrian Capital Market Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) has been or will be approved (gebilligt) by or notified (notifiziert) to the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsicht) and no such prospectus has been or will be published in Austria in any way which would constitute a public offering under Austrian law (whether presently or in the future), nor has been or will such prospectus be deposited with the filing office (Meldestelle) of Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG.

This document is being made available in the Republic of Austria for the sole purpose of providing information about the securities described herein solely to individually qualified investors in Austria. This document is being made available on the condition that it is solely for the use of the recipient as a potential and individually qualified investor and may not be passed on to any other person or reproduced in whole or in part.

Consequently, the note are not authorized for public offering under the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz) and no public offers or public sales or invitation to make such an offer may be made. No advertisements may be published and no marketing materials may be made available or distributed in the Republic of Austria in respect of the securities. A public offering of the securities in the Republic of Austria without the prior publication of a prospectus in accordance with the Austrian Capital Market Act would constitute a criminal offense under Austrian law.

S-51

Table of Contents

Belgium

In Belgium, this offer is not directly or indirectly, being made to, or for the account of, any person other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers/investisseurs qualifiés) within the meaning of Article 2, e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. (Règlement (UE) 2017/1129 du 14 juin 2017 du Parlement européen et du Conseil concernant le prospectus à publier en cas d'offre au public de valeurs mobilières ou en vue de l'admission de valeurs mobilières à la négociation sur un marché réglementé, et abrogeant la directive 2003/71/CE/Verordening (EU) 2017/1129 van het Europees Parlement en de Raad van 14 juni 2017 betreffende het prospectus dat moet worden gepubliceerd wanneer effecten aan het publiek worden aangeboden of tot de handel op een gereglementeerde markt worden toegelaten en tot intrekking van Richtlijn 2003/71/EG) ("The Regulation"), as amended or replaced from time to time, and that do not qualify as consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law of February 28, 2013 (Qualified Belgian Investors). As a result, and further to Article 1, 4, a of The Regulation this offer does not constitute a public offer pursuant to Article 3, 1 of The Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time. Consequently, the offer has not been and will not be notified to, and the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and any other offering material relating to the offer has not been, and will not be, submitted to nor approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) pursuant to the Belgian laws and regulations applicable to the public offering of securities. The offer as well as any other materials relating to the offer may not be advertised, and this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus or any other information circular, brochure or similar document may not be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Belgium other than Qualified Belgian Investors, acting on their own account, and may not be used in connection with any offering in Belgium except as may otherwise be permitted by law.

Brazil

The offer and sale of the notes have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários, or "CVM") and, therefore, will not be carried out by any means that would constitute a public offering in Brazil under CVM Resolution No 160, dated 13 July 2022, as amended ("CVM Resolution 160") or unauthorized distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The notes will be authorized for trading on organized non-Brazilian securities markets and may only be offered to Brazilian professional investors (as defined by applicable CVM regulation), who may only acquire the notes through a non-Brazilian account, with settlement outside Brazil in non-Brazilian currency. The trading of these securities on regulated securities markets in Brazil is prohibited.

Canada

The notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to section 3A.4 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

S-52

Table of Contents

Chile

Notice to Chilean Investors

The offer of the notes in Chile is made solely on a private placement basis, pursuant to CMF General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, as amended by the Financial Market Commission of Chile (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, or "CMF") General Rule No. 452 ("Rule 336"), and only to persons in Chile that qualify as "Qualified Investors" (Inversionistas Calificados) under CMF General Rule No. 216, including, as applicable, "Institutional Investors" under CMF General Rule No. 410.

Pursuant to Rule 336, the following information is made available to prospective investors in Chile:

(1)

Date of commencement of the offer: January , 2026;

(2)

the notes are not registered in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) kept by the CMF, and therefore are not subject to the supervision of the CMF;

(3)

since the notes are not registered in Chile, the issuer has no obligation to provide public information in Chile regarding the notes; and

(4)

the notes may not be publicly offered in Chile unless they are registered with the relevant CMF registries.

The notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Chile or to any person resident or domiciled in Chile, except in transactions that qualify as a private offering under Rule 336. No public marketing, advertising or general solicitation may be conducted in or from Chile and offering materials may not be publicly distributed or made available in Chile (including through unrestricted electronic means). Investors in Chile will be required to represent their status as Qualified Investors and acknowledge these restrictions.

Colombia

The notes may not be offered, sold or negotiated in Colombia, except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The notes have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Issuers and Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) managed by the Colombian Superintendence of Finance, therefore, this document does not constitute and may not be used for, or in connection with, a public offering as defined under Colombian law.

Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

(a)

a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

(b)

a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

S-53

Table of Contents

France

The notes may not be offered or sold or caused to be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France and neither this prospectus supplement and the related prospectus, which have not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers ("AMF"), nor to a competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area (a "Member State") that would have notified its approval to the AMF in accordance with the passport procedure provided under the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in France and in the relevant Member State, nor any other offering material or information contained therein relating to the notes may be released, issued or distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public in France, or used in connection with any offer for subscription, exchange or sale of the notes to the public in France.

Any such offers, sales and distributions may be made in France only to (i) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in article 2 point (e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and/or to (ii) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, as defined in Articles L. 411-2(1) and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1 and L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

Germany

This document does not constitute a prospectus compliant with the Prospectus Regulation and does therefore not allow any public offering in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"). No prospectus (Prospekt) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) or any other applicable laws in Germany has been or will be published in Germany, nor has this document been filed with, approved by or notified to the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) for publication in Germany.

This document is strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus are strictly for use of the person who has received it. It may not be forwarded to other persons or published in Germany.

Hong Kong

The notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of C(WUMP)O, and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

S-54

Table of Contents

The contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Each intermediary or purchaser of the notes is advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer of the notes and, if in any doubt about any of the contents of this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus, should obtain independent professional advice.

The notes are not the equivalent to time deposits and are not protected deposits under the Deposit Protection Scheme in Hong Kong.

Italy

The offering of the notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus nor any other document relating to any notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

The offering of the notes is being carried out in the Republic of Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 1, paragraph 4, letter c), of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

The notes may not be offered, sold or delivered nor any copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement and/or any other document relating to the notes may be distributed in the Republic of Italy except in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as provided under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the "Consolidated Financial Act") and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the "Issuer Regulation").

Any offer, sale or delivery of the notes or distribution of copies of the prospectus, the prospectus supplement or any other document relating to the notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling restrictions set out above and be:

(a)

made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") (in each case, as amended) and any other applicable laws or regulation;

(b)

in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and

(c)

in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.

Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the notes or the relevant offering.

Japan

The notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and each underwriter and agent will represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

S-55

Table of Contents

Luxembourg

The notes may not be offered to the public in Luxembourg, except in the following circumstances:

(a)

in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those notes which have been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (CSSF) in Luxembourg or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant European Union Member State and notified to ESMA and the CSSF, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication (hereafter a "Public offer");

(b)

at any time to qualified investors, which, pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, means persons or entities that are listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with Section II of that Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of Directive 2014/65/EU unless they have entered into an agreement to be treated as non-professional clients in accordance with the fourth paragraph of Section I of that Annex. For the purposes of applying the first sentence of this point, investment firms and credit institutions shall, upon request from the issuer, communicate the classification of their clients to the issuer subject to compliance with the relevant laws on data protection;

(c)

an offer of securities addressed to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State, other than qualified investors; and/or

(d)

at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the issuer of a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation.

The applicability of the selling restrictions provided by Luxembourg law will depend on whether the invitation is to be treated as a public offer or whether it can be made under one of the exemptions of Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "private placement").

For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of notes to the public in relation to any notes in Luxembourg means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase the notes, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or any variation thereof or amendment thereto.

S-56

Table of Contents

Mexico

The notes have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV, and therefore may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. The notes may be offered or sold to investors in Mexico that qualify as institutional and accredited investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) and regulations thereunder. As required under the Mexican Securities Market Law, Mexico will give notice to the CNBV of the offering of the notes under the terms set forth herein. Such notice will be submitted to the CNBV to comply with the Mexican Securities Market Law, and for informational and statistical purposes only. The delivery to, and receipt by, the CNBV of such notice does not certify the solvency, liquidity or credit quality of Mexico, the investment quality of the notes, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus is accurate or complete, or validates any legal action that is void under applicable law. Mexico has prepared this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus and is solely responsible for its content, and the CNBV has not reviewed or authorized such content.

Netherlands

The notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, other than to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).

Peru

The notes and the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been and will not be registered with or approved by the SMV, SBS, as defined under Peruvian law, or the Lima Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the notes cannot be offered or sold in Peru, except if such offering is a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian Securities Market Law establishes that any offering may qualify as a private offering if it is directed exclusively to institutional investors.

Singapore

This prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus have not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term or provision as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time.

Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore: The notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

S-57

Table of Contents

Spain

The notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of the notes be carried out in Spain except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under the (i) Spanish Securities Markets Act, Law 6/2023 on the Securities Markets and Investment Services, dated March 17 (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), the (ii) Prospectus Regulation, and (iii) supplemental rules enacted thereunder.

The notes may only be offered in Spain by entities authorized under the Spanish Securities Markets Act and Royal Decree 813/2023, of November 8, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and other entities that provide investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the provisions thereunder.

Offers of notes in Spain shall only be directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible counterparties, as defined in articles 194 and 196 of the Spanish Securities Market Act, respectively.

None of the notes, this offering or this prospectus supplement and its contents have been approved or registered with the Spanish Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).

Switzerland

The offer of the notes is made in Switzerland on the basis of a private placement, not as a public offering. The notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this prospectus supplement, the corresponding prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offer of the notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

United Kingdom

Each underwriter has, severally and not jointly, represented and agreed that:

(a)

it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the issuer; and

(b)

it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors

Each underwriter has represented and agreed with Mexico, severally and not jointly, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this prospectus supplement and the corresponding prospectus in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.

S-58

Table of Contents

Uruguay

The sale of any series of notes issued hereby qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18.627. Mexico represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any notes to the public in Uruguay, except in circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The sale of any series of notes hereunder is not and will not be registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay.

S-59

Table of Contents

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público

Insurgentes Sur 1971

Torre III, Piso 7

Colonia Guadalupe Inn

Ciudad de México, México, 01020

TRUSTEE, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

1 Columbus Circle, Floor 4S

New York, New York 10019

LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT

Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.

69 route d'Esch

L - 2953 Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

LEGAL ADVISORS TO MEXICO

                                                                                                       
As to United States LawCleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLPOne Liberty PlazaNew York, New York 10006  As to Mexican LawDeputy Federal Fiscal Attorney for Financial AffairsMinistry of Finance and Public CreditInsurgentes Sur 795Piso 12Colonia NápolesCiudad de México, México, 03810


LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE UNDERWRITERS

                                                                                          
As to United States LawSullivan & Cromwell LLP125 Broad StreetNew York, New York 10004   As to Mexican LawRitch, Mueller y Nicolau, S.C.Av. Pedregal No. 24Piso 10Col. Molino del ReyCiudad de México, México, 11040


S-60

Disclaimer

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 05, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 05, 2026 at 12:58 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020260105em150070t




Gobierno Federal de Mexico - Amendment to Annual Report by Foreign Governmen/Political Subdivision (Form 18-K/A)

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 05, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 05, 2026 at 12:54 UTC. 
12,748 words
5 January 2026
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2026. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Amendment to Annual Report by Foreign Governmen/Political Subdivision (Form 18-K/A)

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

The information in this section supplements the information about Mexico corresponding to the headings below that is contained in Exhibit D to Mexico's annual report on Form 18-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 18-K). To the extent that the information included in this section differs from the information set forth in the 2024 Form 18-K, you should rely on the information in this section.

UNITED MEXICAN STATES

Form of Government

The Government

The following table provides the distribution, as of the date of this filing, of Congressional seats reflecting the party affiliations of Mexico's senators and deputies.

Table No. 1 - Party Representation in Congress (1)

                                                                                                                             
                                     Senate           Chamber of Deputies   
                                     Seats            % of Total                      Seats       % of Total   
MORENA                                        67                              52.3                253                50.6    
National Action Party                         21                              16.4                70                 14      
Institutional Revolutionary Party             13                              10.2                37                 7.4     
Citizen Movement Party                        6                               4.7                 28                 5.6     
Ecological Green Party of Mexico              14                              10.9                62                 12.4    
Labor Party                                   6                               4.7                 49                 9.8     
Unaffiliated                                  1                               0.8                 1                  0.2     
Total                                         128                             100.0   %           500                100.0   % 
                                                                                                                             


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding. Individual members of Congress may change party affiliations.

(1)

As of January 2, 2026

Source: Senate and Chamber of Deputies.

Criminal Justice

On October 9, 2025 a decree was published in the Diario Oficial de la Federación (Official Gazette) reforming Article 73, Section XXI, item (a), of the Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (the Political Constitution of Mexico, or the Constitution). The reform aims to combat extortion by granting Congress the authority to enact a general law that establishes, at a minimum, a single criminal offense definition for extortion, applicable nationwide and with uniform penalties.

On November 28, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette enacting the Ley General para Prevenir, Investigar y Sancionar los Delitos en Materia de Extorsión (General Law to Prevent, Investigate and Punish Crimes Related to Extortion), and amending, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Código Penal Federal (Federal Criminal Code), the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Penales (National Code of Criminal Procedure), the Ley Federal Contra la Delincuencia Organizada (Federal Law against Organized Crime), the Ley Nacional de Extinción de Dominio (National Law on Asset Forfeiture) and the Ley Orgánica del Poder Judicial de la Federación (Organic Law of the Federal Judiciary). The decree amends and supplements the existing legal framework for the enforcement and prosecution of extortion-related crimes, including (i) modifications to the legal requirements related to jurisdiction, sentencing and aggravating circumstances, (ii) mechanisms for coordination between authorities, (iii) victim protection measures, and (iv) rules for criminal investigation and enforcement, including the creation of a specialized Complaint Response Center.

Legal and Political Reforms

On October 16, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming and supplementing various provisions of Ley de Amparo, Reglamentaria de los Artículos 103 y 107 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos (Amparo Law, Regulating Articles 103 and 107 of the Political Constitution of Mexico), the Código Fiscal de la Federación (Federal Tax Code) and the Ley Orgánica del Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Organic Law of the Federal Court of Administrative Justice). The reform aims to streamline judicial proceedings, ensure procedural efficiency and improve access to justice by redefining and clarifying legal concepts, including the requirements for standing and injunctive relief, as well as by enabling the use of electronic means for the relevant processes and procedures.

On December 10, 2025, the Reglamento Orgánico de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación (Organic Regulations of the Supreme Court), which regulates the powers of members of the court, its administrative procedures and its organizational structure, was published in the Official Gazette.

On November 19, 2025, the decree reforming the Ley Aduanera (Customs Law) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of combatting evasion and smuggling, and protecting lawful trade. The reform, which came into effect on January 1, 2026, introduces, among other measures, (i) the implementation of digital tools and systems to facilitate customs controls (ii) strengthened oversight responsibilities for customs agents, (iii) higher duties for imports not subject to free trade agreements, (iv) expanded compliance obligations, (v) stricter documentation requirements, and (vi) enhanced digital monitoring across the customs process.

Civil and Regulatory Procedures

On November 14, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming certain provisions of various legal codes in connection with the implementation of the Código Nacional de Procedimientos Civiles y Familiares (National Code of Civil and Family Procedures, or CNPCyF) by local legislatures throughout Mexico.

Internal Security

General

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette reforming, adding and repealing certain provisions of the Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Internal Regulations of the Ministry of National Defense), including to, among other changes, (i) incorporate the Comandancia de la Guardia Nacional (National Guard Command) into the organizational structure of the Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional (Ministry of National Defense, or SEDENA), (ii) create the Centro Nacional de Vigilancia y Protección del Espacio Aéreo (National Airspace Surveillance and Protection Center), and (iii) redefine the functions of various related administrative bodies.

Organized Crime, Arms Trafficking and Money Laundering

On November 11, 2025, the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público (Ministry of Finance and Public Credit) through the Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera (Financial Intelligence Unit, or UIF) announced that, as a result of an investigation into suspected money-laundering by alleged organized crime groups, 13 casinos were identified and listed as sanctioned legal entities, pursuant to the financial blocking measures administered by the UIF. As a result of such investigation, the Dirección General de Juegos y Sorteos ordered the suspension of the operations of the aforementioned casinos.

Human Rights

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette establishing rules for the organization and operation of the Sistema Nacional para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres (National System for Equality between Women and Men), including defining its structure, powers and coordination mechanisms, with the aim of promoting substantive equality between women and men in Mexico.

Cyber Crimes and Cybersecurity

On December 8, 2025, the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency) published the Plan Nacional de Ciberseguridad (National Cybersecurity Plan), establishing strategic guidelines to, among other aims, (i) strengthen the protection of critical infrastructure, (ii) promote the safe use of digital technologies, (iii) define mechanisms for interinstitutional coordination against cyberthreats, and (iv) ensure the safeguarding of citizens' rights and national sovereignty in the cyberspace.

Access to Information, Government Procurement and Transparency

On December 8, 2025, the Secretaría Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno (Ministry of Anti-Corruption and Good Governance) announced sanctions against Santiago López Pérez and five supplier companies: (i) Instalaciones Eléctricas Industriales MT, S.A. de C.V.; (ii) Tameztec, S.A. de C.V.; (iii) C-Gallegos, S.A. de C.V.; (iv) Construcciones San Benito, S.A. de C.V.; and (v) Grupo Corporativo C y C, S.A. de C.V.; each of which was temporarily disqualified and fined for submitting false information in public procurement contracts. Each of these companies was registered in the Directorio de Proveedores y Contratistas Sancionados (Directory of Sanctioned Suppliers and Contractors), thereby prohibiting them from participating in new contracts with the Government.

Foreign Affairs, International Organizations and International Economic Cooperation

On October 24, 2025, the Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores (Ministry of Foreign Affairs) announced that Mexico and the United Nations (UN) had signed the Marco de Cooperación de Naciones Unidas en México 2026-2031 (United Nations Cooperation Framework in Mexico 2026-2031) with the aim of strengthening collaboration on sustainable development, human rights and governance.

Environment

On September 3, 2025, as part of a national policy to transition to safer and more sustainable agricultural practices, President Sheinbaum announced the ban of 35 pesticides that pose a high risk to public health and the environment.

On November 18, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement announcing that Mexico participated in COP30 in Belém, Brazil with the objective of promoting stronger climate action by advancing international commitments to reduce emissions and protect biodiversity.

On December 11, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette, enacting the Ley General de Aguas (General Water Law) and amending, adding and repealing various provisions of the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), with the purpose of regulating the human right to access, availability and sanitation of water, as recognized by the Constitution. The legislation establishes a legal regime to improve water management in Mexico by, among other measures, strengthening equitable water distribution and intergovernmental coordination, promoting the sustainable management of water through the use of basins and aquifers, and improving system capacity to adapt to the effects of climate change, while prioritizing human rights, community systems, the general interest and promoting public participation in conservation efforts. The regulatory framework necessary to carry out this reform must be issued or amended within 180 calendar days of the decree taking effect and, during the interim period, existing regulations will continue to apply to the extent that they do not contravene the principles and guidelines of the General Water Law or the amendments to the National Water Law.

On December 16, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Política Nacional para el Manejo Sustentable de Mares y Costas (National Policy for the Sustainable Management of Seas and Coasts), setting forth objectives and short, medium and long term strategies for the protection and sustainable use of marine and coastal ecosystems, in accordance with Mexico's international and domestic commitments.

THE ECONOMY

Gross Domestic Product

According to preliminary figures, Mexico's real GDP decreased by 0.1% during the third quarter of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. In the third quarter of 2025, GDP decreased by 0.3% in seasonally adjusted terms, reflecting a contraction in secondary activities, including manufacturing, construction, electricity generation and distribution, mining, and water and gas supply, which was particularly driven by a decline in industrial production, and partially offset by a moderate expansion in primary and tertiary activities. For more information on the long-term factors affecting Mexico's GDP, see "The Economy-Gross Domestic Product" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

The following tables set forth the composition of Mexico's real GDP by economic sector and percentage change by economic sector, in pesos and in percentage terms, for the periods indicated.

Table No. 2 - Real GDP and Expenditures (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                         
                                                               Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                               2024                                           2025(3)   
GDP                                                            Ps.                             25,574.2                 Ps.   25,411.5   
Add: Imports of goods and services                                                             11,934.5                       12,443.4   
                                                                                                                                         
Total supply of goods and services                                                             37,508.6                       37,854.9   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                                            10,173.8                       10,567.7   
                                                                                                                                         
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditure    Ps.                             27,334.8                 Ps.   27,287.2   
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                                                                  
Private consumption                                                                            18,338.5                       18,523.1   
Public consumption                                                                             2,797.5                        5,718.5    
                                                                                                                                         
Total consumption                                                                              21,136.0                       24,241.6   
                                                                                                                                         
Total gross fixed investment                                                                   6,343.0                        2,881.0    
                                                                                                                                         
Changes in inventory                                                                           22.6                           26.5       
                                                                                                                                         
Total domestic expenditures                                    Ps.                             27,501.6                 Ps.   27,149.1   
                                                                                                                                         
Errors and Omissions                                                                           (166.79    )                   138.1      
                                                                                                                                         


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter data is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 3 - Real GDP and Expenditures (As a Percentage of Total GDP)

                                                                                                    
                                                                Third quarter 
                                                                2024     2025 
GDP                                                                      100.0   %          100.0   % 
Add: Imports of goods and services                                       46.7               49.0    
                                                                                                    
Total supply of goods and services                                       146.7              149.0   
Less: Exports of goods and services                                      39.8               41.6    
                                                                                                    
Total goods and services available for domestic expenditures             106.9   %          107.4   % 
Allocation of total goods and services:                                                             
Private consumption                                                      71.7    %          72.9    % 
Public consumption                                                       24.8               22.5    
                                                                                                    
Total consumption                                                        96.5               95.4    
Total gross fixed investment                                             10.9               11.3    
Changes in inventory                                                     0.1                0.1     
                                                                                                    
Total domestic expenditures                                              107.5   %          106.8   % 
                                                                                                    
Errors and Omissions                                                     (0.7    )%         0.5     % 


Note:

Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 4 - Real GDP by Sector (In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                    
                                                            Third quarter (annualized)(2)   
                                                            2024                                         2025(3)   
Primary Activities:                                                                                                                 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(4)    Ps.                             781.4                  Ps.   810.0      
Secondary Activities:                                                                                                               
Mining                                                                                      885.5                        841.3      
Utilities                                                                                   335.8                        331.1      
Construction                                                                                1,528.2                      1,456.8    
Manufacturing                                                                               5,288.1                      5,189.9    
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                                                
Wholesale and retail trade                                                                  5,011.1                      5,018.7    
Transportation and warehousing                                                              1,892.2                      1,896.1    
Information                                                                                 461.9                        472.6      
Finance and insurance                                                                       1,017.3                      1,036.8    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                                             2,408.8                      2,440.1    
Professional, scientific and technical services                                             575.3                        625.3      
Management of companies and enterprises                                                     168.7                        166.3      
Support for business                                                                        228.1                        252.4      
Education services                                                                          888.9                        892.0      
Health care and social assistance                                                           595.3                        626.6      
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                                          131.4                        148.8      
Accommodation and food services                                                             557.3                        537.4      
Other services (except public administration)                                               455.5                        444.9      
Public administration                                                                       837.5                        833.8      
                                                                                                                                    
Gross value added at basic values                                                           24,048.3                     24,020.7   
Taxes on products, net of subsidies                                                         1,393.7                      1,390.7    
                                                                                                                                    
GDP                                                         Ps.                             25,442.0               Ps.   25,411.5   
                                                                                                                                    


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Annualized. Actual third quarter nominal GDP data has been annualized by multiplying it by four for comparison purposes. Third quarter is not necessarily indicative of performance for the full fiscal year.

(3)

Preliminary figures.

(4)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

Table No. 5 - Real GDP Growth by Sector

(Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                      
                                                                     Third quarter 
                                                                     2024     2025(2) 
GDP (real pesos)                                                              1.4    %         (0.1   )% 
Primary Activities:                                                                                   
Agriculture, forestry, fishing, hunting and livestock(3)                      7.0              3.7    
Secondary Activities:                                                                                 
Mining                                                                        (6.8   )         (5.0   ) 
Utilities                                                                     (1.8   )         (1.4   ) 
Construction                                                                  1.1              (4.7   ) 
Manufacturing                                                                 0.5              (1.9   ) 
Tertiary Activities:                                                                                  
Wholesale and retail trade                                                    1.3              0.2    
Transportation and warehousing                                                4.6              0.2    
Information                                                                   2.7              2.3    
Finance and insurance                                                         1.6              1.9    
Real estate, rental and leasing                                               1.2              1.3    
Professional, scientific and technical services                               12.1             8.7    
Management of companies and enterprises                                       11.7             (1.4   ) 
Administrative support, waste management and remediation services             (2.3   )         10.7   
Education services                                                            1.4              0.3    
Health care and social assistance                                             0.4              5.3    
Arts, entertainment and recreation                                            5.7              13.2   
Accommodation and food services                                               (3.5   )         (3.6   ) 
Other services (except public administration)                                 1.2              (2.3   ) 
Public administration                                                         2.7              (0.4   ) 


Note: Percentages may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Based on GDP calculated in constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

GDP figures relating to agricultural production set forth in this table and elsewhere herein are based on figures for "agricultural years," with the definition of the relevant "agricultural year" varying from crop to crop based on the season during which it is grown. Calendar year figures are used for the other components of GDP.

Source: INEGI.

Employment and Labor

According to preliminary Tasa de Desocupación Abierta (Open Unemployment Rate) figures, Mexico's unemployment rate was 2.6% as of October 31, 2025, a one percentage point increase from the rate as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2025, the economically active population in Mexico (fifteen years of age and older) was 62.5 million and the labor force participation rate stood at 59.9%. As of January 1, 2026, the minimum wages were Ps. 440.87 per day for municipalities in the Zona Libre de la Frontera Norte (Northern Border Free Trade Zone) and Ps. 315.04 per day for the rest of Mexico, an increase of 13% and 5%, respectively, from the applicable minimum wages in effect from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. For additional information on Mexico's minimum wage policy, see "The Economy-Employment and Labor" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

On November 13, 2025, amendments to the general legal framework governing pension plans were published in the Official Gazette, including, among other measures, provisions to strengthen the protection of supplementary retirement savings for workers, provide certainty for employers, and improve the traceability of pension plan information with the aim of combatting fraud.

On December 3, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the standard work-week in Mexico would be gradually reduced from 48 hours to 40 hours by 2030, with two-hour annual reductions set to begin starting in January 2027. The federal executive branch sent the initiative to the Senate for deliberation on December 3, 2025 and the initiative must be approved by Congress before its enactment.

On December 15, 2025, a decree was published in the Official Gazette amending the Ley Federal de los Trabajadores al Servicio del Estado Reglamentaria del Apartado B) del Artículo 123 de la Constitución Política de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, (Federal Law of Workers in the Service of the State, Regulating Article 123, Section B) of the Political Constitution of Mexico) and adding a new provision to the Ley General de ResponsabilidadesAdministrativas (General Law on Administrative Responsibilities), with the aim of protecting union autonomy and penalizing public servant interference in union processes as a serious administrative offense.

Principal Sectors of the Economy

Manufacturing

The following table shows the value of industrial manufacturing output in billions of constant 2018 pesos and the percentage change of each sector as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year.

Table No. 6 - Industrial Manufacturing Output by Sector

(In Billions of Pesos and Percent Change Against Corresponding Period of Prior Year)(1)

                                                                                                                                   
                                                   Third quarter 
                                                   2024          2025(2) 
Food                                                      Ps.    965.6              0.3     %       Ps.   978.7             1.4    % 
Beverage and tobacco products                                    262.1              1.0                   256.5             (2.1   ) 
Textile mills                                                    27.8               (3.0    )             25.3              (9.1   ) 
Textile product mills                                            16.9               (3.9    )             16.7              (0.9   ) 
Apparel                                                          56.1               (6.4    )             50.8              (9.4   ) 
Leather and allied products                                      26.1               (17.1   )             25.1              (4.0   ) 
Wood products                                                    34.5               (2.7    )             31.5              (8.6   ) 
Paper                                                            102.1              (1.3    )             99.1              (2.9   ) 
Printing and related support activities                          24.6               (1.8    )             23.7              (3.8   ) 
Petroleum and coal products                                      229.1              13.4                  251.5             9.8    
Chemicals                                                        382.0              9.4                   369.3             (3.3   ) 
Plastics and rubber products                                     167.7              3.1                   165.7             (1.2   ) 
Nonmetallic mineral products                                     157.2              (0.4    )             155.7             (1.0   ) 
Primary metals                                                   246.5              (8.2    )             253.1             2.7    
Fabricated metal products                                        172.8              (2.4    )             162.2             (6.2   ) 
Machinery                                                        215.4              (2.8    )             217.7             1.1    
Computers and electronic products                                484.2              (3.7    )             492.2             1.7    
Electrical equipment, appliances and components                  220.9              3.2                   211.8             (4.1   ) 
Transportation equipment                                         1,305.0            1.0                   1,181.0           (9.5   ) 
Furniture and related products                                   48.3               (3.0    )             46.7              (3.2   ) 
Miscellaneous                                                    143.1              3.7                   175.5             22.6   
                                                                                                                                   
Total expansion/contraction                               Ps.?   ?5,288.1           0.5     %       Ps.   5,189.9           (1.9   )% 
                                                                                                                                   


(1)

Constant pesos with purchasing power as of December 31, 2018. Percent change reflects differential in constant 2018 pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: INEGI.

Petroleum and Petrochemicals

On August 5, Petróleos Mexicanos (PEMEX), an empresa pública del estado (state-owned public company) presented its "Strategic Plan 2025-2030," which established PEMEX's Comprehensive Capitalization and Financing Strategy. This strategy is based on the continuous improvement in PEMEX's financial operations in terms of efficiency, discipline, risk management, and process optimization, as well as PEMEX's responsible use of resources. To this end, PEMEX, the Secretaría de Energía (Ministry of Energy, or SENER), and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit are working together to implement financial mechanisms to strengthen PEMEX's financial position and achieve the stability and resilience necessary to ensure its operational and financial continuity. These mechanisms are intended to reduce PEMEX's debt levels to ensure timely access to financing sources under competitive conditions. As part of these mechanisms, on December 1, 2025, the Government granted a guaranty in connection with a credit facility of up to Ps. 257.5 billion, the proceeds of which will be used to support energy sector investment projects.

On September 2, 2025, PEMEX launched an offer to purchase for cash certain of its outstanding dollar-denominated and euro-denominated notes with maturities between 2026 and 2029. The total aggregate principal amount of tenders accepted for purchase amounted to U.S.$9.9 billion, and the offers settled on October 1, 2025.

On October 2, 2025, the credit rating agency Fitch upgraded its long-term foreign and local currency debt rating for PEMEX from BB to BB+, with a stable outlook.

On October 3, 2025, two decrees were published in the Official Gazette establishing regulatory frameworks for various aspects of the hydrocarbons sector, including (i) the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Law of the Hydrocarbon Sector), which establishes the administrative, technical and legal framework for the regulation of hydrocarbon exploration, extraction, transportation and commercialization; and (ii) the Reglamento de la Ley de Ingresos Sobre Hidrocarburos (Regulations of the Hydrocarbons Revenue Law), which, among other measures, updates energy sector administrative procedures regarding the allocation of and bidding process for hydrocarbon exploration and extraction contracts.

On October 3, 2025, the Norma Oficial Mexicana de Emergencia NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transporte de Gas Licuado de Petróleo (Mexican Official Emergency Standard NOM-EM-006-ASEA-2025, Transportation of Liquefied Petroleum Gas), was published in the Official Gazette. The standard aims to enhance safety measures and heighten obligations for regulated entities, including through requiring the submission of annual reports on the state of transportation and distribution units, with the aim of ensuring compliance and the timely detection of defects that could cause leaks or failures.

On December 11, 2025, SENER published an agreement in the Official Gazette with the aim of establishing clear criteria for recognizing the occurrence of fortuitous or force majeure events with respect to contracts for the exploration and extraction of hydrocarbons that may affect the fulfillment of contractual obligations.

Electric Power

On September 11, 2025, CFE FIBRA E, a Fideicomiso de Inversión en Energía Infraestructura (Energy and Infrastructure Investment Trust), which is managed by an affiliate of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad (Federal Electricity Commission, or CFE) and in respect of which CFE has residual beneficiary rights, and which is focused on investing in energy and infrastructure (primarily collection rights in respect of fees charged for electricity transmission), issued U.S.$725 million of its 5.875% notes due 2040. This inaugural issuance by CFE FIBRA E attracted a record demand of U.S.$6.36 billion, the highest ever for an issuance by an energy and infrastructure trust in Mexico. The proceeds were used to acquire an additional 2.43% of the beneficiary rights under a trust holding collection rights, to reach an aggregate 6.78% of beneficiary rights under such trust. CFE is the ultimate beneficiary under the trust holding collection rights and expects to use the proceeds to finance strategic projects in connection with the Red Nacional de Transmisión (National Transmission Network, or RNT), within the framework of CFE's Plan de Fortalecimiento y Expansión del Sistema Eléctrico Nacional 2025-2030 (National Electric System Strengthening and Expansion Plan 2025-2030).

On October 3, 2025, a series of decrees issuing new energy sector regulations were published in the Official Gazette. First, the Reglamento de laLey de Planeación y Transición Energética (Regulations of the Energy Transition Law) established a binding framework for energy sector planning, with the aims of (i) strengthening the energy transition, (ii) promoting the sustainable use of energy, (iii) utilizing clean energy sources, and (iv) reducing polluting emissions, while ensuring the country's competitiveness and energy sovereignty. Second, the Reglamento de la Ley de Geotermia (Regulations of the Geothermal Energy Law) established an administrative, technical and environmental regulatory framework for the exploration and use of geothermal resources, including by articulating (i) requirements for obtaining permits and concessions, (ii) terms and conditions for each stage of geothermal development, and (iii) environmental assessment criteria. Third, the Reglamento de la Ley de Biocombustibles (Regulations for the Biofuels Law) sets forth regulations for production, commercialization, distribution and employment within the biofuels sector, with the aim of (i) promoting energy security and sustainable development, (ii) reducing pollutant emissions, and (iii) establishing technical, environmental and administrative requirements for value chain participants.

On October 3, 2025, another decree was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Reglamento de la Ley del Sector Eléctrico (Regulations of the Electricity Sector Law), which establishes regulations for the generation, transmission, distribution, and commercialization of electricity, with the aim of ensuring the Government's role in the administration and control of the national electricity system. The regulation also seeks to define procedures for granting permissions, establishing participation mechanisms and ensuring compliance with technical, environmental, and energy efficiency criteria.

On December 16, 2025, the operating guidelines of the Consejo de Planeación Energética (Energy Planning Council) were published in the Official Gazette with the objective of strengthening coordination in national energy sector planning.

Tourism

On November 30, 2025, the Secretaría de Turismo (Ministry of Tourism, or SECTUR) announced that 5.0 million people were employed in the tourism sector in the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 3,838 jobs compared to the second quarter of 2025 and a 1.8% increase compared to the same period in 2024, representing 9.3% of the national workforce.

On December 11, 2025, SECTUR announced that, from January to October 2025, 79.3 million international visitors arrived in Mexico, an increase of 13.6% compared to the same period in 2024. Of those international visitors, 16.6 million arrived in Mexico by air, representing an increase of nearly 100,000 visitors compared to the same period in 2024 and a 10.2% increase compared to the same period in 2019. The United States, Canada and the United Kingdom were the most represented countries of origin for tourists traveling by air to Mexico in this period.

Transportation and Communications

Highways

On October 8, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced that the Programa de Infraestructura Carretera (Road Infrastructure Program), which aims to modernize, expand and maintain the national road network to improve Mexico's connectivity and competitiveness, had achieved 60% overall completion.

On November 22, 2025, the Secretaría de Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes (Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation, or SICT) reported that 644 out of 820 kilometers of roads in the Mixteca region of Oaxaca have been expanded, maintained and modernized as part and representing 78% completion of the Ps. 6.2 billion Plan General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río (General Lázaro Cárdenas del Río Plan).

Seaports

From January to October 2025, total cargo handled at Mexican seaports totaled 209.0 million tons, an 8.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. This decrease was mainly driven by a decline in export cargo, which totaled 66.0 million tons, a 13.2% decrease compared to the same period in 2024. Imports also declined by 8.4% compared to the same period in 2024, totaling 99.6 million tons from January to October 2025.

Aviation

On December 9, 2025, SICT announced that Ps.129.1 billion are expected to be invested in airport infrastructure by 2030. In 2025, Ps. 36.5 billion of federal government and private sector funding was allocated to the country's 62 airports, including for expansion and modernization projects at the Puerto Escondido, Tepic, Monterrey, Guadalajara, Mexico City, Puerto Vallarta, Cancún, Tijuana, Mérida and Chihuahua airports.

Railways

On November 25, 2025, SICT announced that construction was underway on four passenger train routes in northern and central Mexico, including the Mexico City-Querétaro Train, the Mexico City-Pachuca Train, and the Querétaro-Irapuato Train. These projects aim to add or rehabilitate 785 kilometers of railway infrastructure, along with the development of main and secondary stations.

Communications

On October 21, 2025, the Comisión Reguladora de Telecomunicaciones (Telecommunications Regulatory Commission, or CRT) announced the completion of the restructuring of the economic competition and telecommunications system. As part of this process, the Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (National Antitrust Commission, or CNA) was established to replace the former Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Commission for Economic Competition, or COFECE), and the CRT was created to succeed the Instituto Federal de Telecomunicaciones (Federal Telecommunications Institute, or IFT). The CRT is a decentralized administrative body of the Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones (Digital Transformation and Telecommunications Agency), an independent agency tasked with furthering the efficient development of telecommunications and broadcasting in Mexico.

On November 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette issuing the Estatuto Orgánico de la Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio (Organic Statute of the National Antimonopoly Commission), which establishes the organizational structure and operating bases of the CNA as a decentralized public body of the government, in accordance with the Ley Federal de Competencia Económica (Federal Antitrust Law).

On November 27, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced an expected investment of between Ps. 500 and Ps. 2,000 million in transportation infrastructure for each of the venues hosting the FIFA World Cup 2026 in Mexico, Mexico City (Metro Line 2), Jalisco (Line 5) and Nuevo León (Lines 4 and 6).

On December 19, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing a new methodology to determine the fees to be paid in connection with services provided by the CNA, such as concentrations analyses, which is informed by, international practices and the costs incurred by the CNA in providing such services, among other factors. Under this methodology, applicable fees are determined using a tiered structure based on the estimated maximum value of the operation and include an additional 15% sustainability surcharge.

Mining

On December 4, 2025, the Supreme Court affirmed the constitutionality of a decree published on May 8, 2023 in the Official Gazette that reformed, added and repealed various provisions on mining and water concessions contained in the Ley Minera (Mining Law), the Ley de Aguas Nacionales (National Water Law), the Ley General del Equilibrio Ecológico y la Protección al Ambiente (General Law of Ecological Balance and Environmental Protection) and the Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral de los Residuos (General Law for the Prevention and Comprehensive Management of Waste). Further, Supreme Court affirmed that Congress has the power to redefine the regulation of the mining and water sector, and that concession titles contain regulatory clauses that can be adjusted for the public interest.

FINANCIAL SYSTEM

Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates

Money Supply and Savings

The following table shows Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply aggregates at each of the dates indicated. The methodology for the calculation of Mexico's M1 and M4 money supply is discussed in "Financial System-Monetary Policy, Inflation and Interest Rates-Money Supply and Savings" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Table No. 7 - Money Supply

                                                                                                               
                                  At September 30,                 
                                  2024                                            2025(1)   
                                  (in millions of nominal pesos)   
M1:                                                                                                            
Bills and coins                   Ps.                              2,836,728                Ps.   3,052,343    
Checking deposits                                                                                              
In domestic currency                                               2,556,699                      2,680,887    
In foreign currency                                                661,480                        650,214      
Interest-bearing peso deposits                                     1,480,211                      1,633,006    
Savings and loan deposits                                          85,659                         127,951      
                                                                                                               
Total M1                          Ps.                              7,620,777                Ps.   8,144,401    
                                                                                                               
M4                                Ps.                              19,354,248               Ps.   21,092,811   
                                                                                                               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Inflation

Consumer inflation at the end of the third quarter of 2025 was 3.8%, which was above Banco de México's 3.0% (+/- 1.0%) target inflation for the year, 0.4 percentage point lower than the 4.2% consumer inflation for 2024 and 0.9 percentage points lower than the 4.7% consumer inflation for 2023. This trend was the result of Banco de México's monetary policy actions and the decline in non-core inflation, particularly in fruits, vegetables and energy prices, which offset a moderate increase in core inflation.

Annual core inflation, which better reflects medium-term price pressures on the economy, remained higher than target inflation for the year and was 4.3% at the end of the third quarter of 2025, higher than core inflation of 3.7% for 2024.

On November 18, 2025, the Government announced the renewal of the Paquete Contra la Inflación y la Carestía (Anti-Inflation and Deficit Package, or PACIC), as part of which the private sector will contribute to stabilizing the prices of basic products, promoting a more balanced outlook between producers and consumers. The PACIC is intended to serve as a permanent platform for constructive dialogue between private companies and the public sector.

The following table shows, in percentage terms, the changes in price indices and increases in the minimum wage for the periods indicated.

Table No. 8 - Rates of Change in Price Indices

                                                                                                                                                               
             National ConsumerPrice Index(1)(4)           National ProducerPrice Index(1)(3)(4)           Increase inMinimum Wage(5)   
2022                                              7.8                                               5.3                                    22.0;(6) 22.0(7)    
2023                                              4.7                                               1.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0(7)    
2024                                              4.2                                               7.4                                    20.0;(6) 20.0 (7)   
2025:                                                                                                                                                          
January                                           3.6                                               7.6                                    12.0 ;(6) 12.0 (7)  
February                                          3.8                                               7.9                                    -?                  
March                                             3.8                                               7.3                                    -?                  
April                                             3.9                                               7.1                                    -?                  
May                                               4.4                                               6.8                                    -?                  
June                                              4.3                                               5.2                                    -?                  
July                                              3.5                                               4.1                                    -?                  
August                                            3.6                                               3.7                                    -?                  
September                                         3.8                                               3.4                                    -?                  
October                                           3.6                                               3.4                                    -?                  
November                                          3.8                                               2.8                                    -?                  


(1)

Changes in price indices are calculated as the 12-month percentage change. For annual figures, changes in price indices are calculated each December. Monthly figures are annualized.

(2)

Effective August 2018, the Índice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor (National Consumer Price Index, or INPC) was changed to: (1) update the base date to the second half of July 2018; (2) increase the number of categories for goods and services; (3) increase the number of areas represented; and (4) adjust the weighting of each component.

(3)

Índice Nacional de Precios al Productor (National Producer Price Index, or INPP) figures represent the changes in the prices for basic merchandise and services (excluding oil prices). INPP takes July 2019 as a base date.

(4)

Preliminary figures for July to November 2025.

(5)

Effective January 1, 2019, Mexico has two minimum wages: one rate applicable to municipalities located on the border with the United States, which are included in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone, and a different rate applicable to the rest of Mexico. The rate of change for 2019, for both the minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone and the minimum wage applicable to the rest of Mexico, is as compared to the minimum wage in effect prior to January 1, 2019.

(6)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to municipalities located in the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

(7)

Rate of change for minimum wage applicable to areas other than the Northern Border Free Trade Zone.

Sources: INEGI; Ministry of Labor and Social Security.

Interest Rates

The following table sets forth the average interest rates per annum on 28-day and 91-day Certificados de la Tesorería de la Federación (Federal Treasury Certificates, or Cetes), the costo porcentual promedio (average weighted cost of term deposits for commercial banks, or CPP) and the 28-day and 91-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 9 - Average Cetes , CPP and TIIE Rates

                                                                                                                           
                 28-DayCetes            91-DayCetes            CPP       28-DayTIIE       91-DayTIIE   
2021:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   4.1                      4.1              3.2                           4.3          4.3    
July-December                  4.7                      5.1              3.3                           4.9          5.0    
2022:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   6.4                      7.0              4.3                           6.6          6.8    
July-December                  8.9                      9.6              6.0                           9.2          9.6    
2023:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.1                     11.4             7.9                           11.3         11.4   
July-December                  11.1                     11.3             8.5                           11.5         11.5   
2024:                                                                                                                      
January-June                   11.0                     11.2             8.7                           11.4         11.5   
July-December                  10.4                     10.5             8.3                           10.8         11.0   
2025:                                                                                                                      
January                        9.9                      9.8              7.9                           10.3         10.4   
February                       9.5                      9.3              7.8                           9.9          10.0   
March                          9.1                      9.0              7.5                           9.7          9.8    
April                          8.8                      8.6              7.2                           9.3          9.3    
May                            8.3                      8.3              6.9                           9.0          9.1    
June                           8.1                      8.0              6.7                           8.7          8.8    
July                           7.7                      8.0              6.4                           8.3          8.3    
August                         7.4                      7.7              6.2                           8.1          8.1    
September                      7.3                      7.6              6.1                           8.0          8.1    
October                        7.3                      7.4              5.9                           7.8          7.9    
November                       7.2                      7.3              5.8                           7.6          7.7    
December                       7.2                      7.2              5.7                           7.5          7.5    


Source: Banco de México.

During the first nine months of 2025, interest rates on 28-day Cetes averaged 8.2%, as compared to 10.8% during the same period of 2024. Interest rates on 91-day Cetes averaged 8.3%, as compared to 11.0% during the same period of 2024.

On January 2, 2026, the 28-day Cetes rate was 7.2% and the 91-day Cetes rate was 7.2%.

On September 25, 2025 and November 6, 2025, Banco de México held its sixth and seventh monetary policy meetings of 2025, respectively, and decreased the Tasa de Fondeo Bancario (overnight interbank funding rate) by 25 basis points on each occasion, bringing the rate to 7.25%. These decisions took into account the inflation outlook, the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive, the recent weakening of economic activity, exchange rate dynamics and potential spillovers from global trade policy shifts.

Banco de México decreased the overnight interbank funding rate to 7.0% at its meeting on December 18, 2025. That decision took into account the trajectory of inflation, the deceleration in domestic economic activity, exchange rate developments, and the prevailing global environment marked by trade tensions and geopolitical risks, as well as the degree to which the monetary stance remained restrictive. Therefore, as of January 2, 2026, the overnight interbank funding rate stood at 7.0%, compared to 10.0% as of December 31, 2024.

Exchange Controls and Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign Exchange Rates

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the daily peso/U.S. dollar exchange rates published by Banco de México for the payment of obligations denominated in dollars and payable in pesos within Mexico.

Table No. 10 - Exchange Rates

                                                                            
             Representative Market Rate   
             End-of-Period                            Average   
2021                                      20.4672                 20.2787   
2022                                      19.4715                 20.1193   
2023                                      16.9190                 17.7382   
2024                                      20.7862                 18.3336   
2025                                                                        
January                                   20.6068                 20.5490   
February                                  20.5080                 20.4571   
March                                     20.4380                 20.2417   
April                                     19.6095                 20.0564   
May                                       19.3858                 19.4355   
June                                      18.8332                 19.0300   
July                                      18.7963                 18.6909   
August                                    18.6440                 18.7063   
September                                 18.3342                 18.499    
October                                   18.5725                 18.4296   
November                                  18.3075                 18.4185   
December                                  18.0012                 18.0739   


Source: Banco de México.

On January 2, 2026, the peso/U.S. dollar exchange rate closed at Ps. 17.8803 = U.S.$1.00, a 13.98% depreciation in dollar terms as compared to the rate on December 31, 2024. The peso/U.S. dollar buying exchange rate published by Banco de México on January 2, 2026 (which took effect on the second business day thereafter) was Ps. 17.9528 = U.S.$1.00.

Banking System

As of September 30, 2025, the total assets of the banking sector were Ps. 15,362.5 billion, which represented a real annual increase of 3.9% as compared to the end of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2025, the current loan portfolio of the banking sector had a balance of Ps. 7,863.4 billion, a real annual increase of 3.2% as compared to September 30, 2024. Finally, the banking sector's net result was Ps. 226.1 billion as of September 30, 2025, 2.1% lower in real terms as compared to September 30, 2024.

On October 1, 2025, the Consejo de Estabilidad Financiera (Mexican Financial Stability Board) updated its assessment of risks faced by the Mexican financial system, concluding that the Mexican financial system remains solid and resilient, and that the banking sector is adequately capitalized and counts with appropriate liquidity. The Mexican Financial Stability Board assessment also noted that the outlook continues to be subject to a high degree of uncertainty in connection with potential external shocks related to global monetary policy and geopolitical developments.

Banking Supervision and Support

As of September 30, 2025, the Índice de Capitalización (Capitalization Index, or ICAP) for the multiple banking sector was 20.4%, as compared to 19.4% as of September 30, 2024 and 19.09% as of December 31, 2024. For more information on ICAP, see "Financial System-Banking Supervision and Support-Bank Supervision Policy" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

As of September 30, 2025, all multiple banking institutions fell under the first early warning category, indicating that the institutions met the minimum capitalization requirements and were sufficiently capitalized in the event of unexpected loss scenarios. No immediate supervisory actions by the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV) were required as of that date.

On October 10, 2025, the Instituto para la Protección al Ahorro Bancario (Institute for the Protection of Bank Savings, or IPAB) announced the beginning of the liquidation process of CIBanco S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple (CIBanco). IPAB also announced that, in its role as liquidator, it would start to make payments in connection with insured deposits of up to 400,000 Unidades de Inversion (Investment Units, or UDIs), without the use of public funds, which are expected to fully cover the deposits of 99.4% of CIBanco's affected banking clients. Authorities also stated that CIBanco's 0.44% share of total banking system assets means its orderly liquidation does not pose a risk to the overall stability of the Mexican financial system.

On October 13, 2025, the CNBV announced the revocation of CIBanco's authorization to operate as a multiple banking institution following IPAB's appointment as liquidator of CIBanco's assets.

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit, through the UIF, reported that it is coordinating actions with the U.S. Department of the Treasury, including the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), to identify and disrupt financial structures associated with criminal organizations dedicated to the trafficking of narcotics. These joint efforts aim to block assets, prevent the use of front companies, and strengthen bilateral information-sharing mechanisms to limit the circulation of illicit proceeds in the Mexican and U.S. financial systems.

Insurance Companies, Mutual Funds and Auxiliary Credit Institutions

As of October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional del Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (National Retirement Savings System Commission, or CONSAR) reported that total net assets managed within the Sistema de Ahorro para el Retiro (Retirement Savings System, or SAR) reached Ps. 8.17 trillion, representing more than 20.0% of Mexico's GDP. These resources are invested under a diversified regime, allowing the Sociedades de Inversión Especializada en Fondos para el Retiro (Specialized Investment Companies in Retirement Funds, or SIEFORES) to maximize workers' savings based on the maturity profile of each fund. As of October 31, 2025, 51.9% of net assets managed within the SAR was invested in Mexican government bonds.

On October 31, 2025, the Comisión Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas (National Insurance and Surety Commission, or CNSF) reported that, as of September 30, 2025, the insurance and surety market was comprised of 113 institutions, and that in the third quarter of 2025, direct premiums in the insurance sector increased from Ps. 704.1 billion to Ps. 787.1 billion, representing a 7.7% real increase compared to the same period in 2024. The insurance and surety sector recorded 5.1% real growth in profits, increasing from Ps. 62.2 billion in the third quarter of 2024 to Ps. 65.3 billion in the third quarter of 2025.

Securities Markets

On January 2, 2026, the Índice de Precios y Cotizaciones (Stock Market Index, or IPC), which is calculated based on a group of the thirty-five most actively traded shares, stood at 64,141.36 points, representing an 29.5% increase from the level at December 31, 2024.

FOREIGN TRADE AND BALANCE OF PAYMENTS

Foreign Trade

On September 23, 2025, an agreement was published in the Official Gazette establishing the Reglas de Procedimiento del artículo 10.12 (Revisión ante un Panel Binacional) del Tratado entre los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, los Estados Unidos de América y Canadá (Rules of Procedure of Article 10.12 (Review before a Binational Panel) of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), which govern binational panel reviews in connection with Chapter 10 of the USMCA on trade remedies.

On December 15, 2025, the Government, through the Ministry of Economy, announced that the Paquete Arancelario (Tariff Package), which came into effect on January 1, 2026, and is intended to protect 350,000 jobs in the automotive, steel, footwear, textile and apparel industries in the states of Aguascalientes, Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, State of Mexico, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Nuevo León, Puebla, and Querétaro, without harming any trade partner or affecting trade relations with countries with which Mexico does not have a trade agreement in place.

Foreign Trade Performance

The following table provides information about the value of Mexico's merchandise exports and imports (excluding tourism) for the periods indicated.

Table No. 11 - Exports and Imports

                                                                                                                                                                        
                                       First nine months                                                                  
                                       2024(1)                                                                                            2025(1)   
                                       (in millions of U.S. dollars, except averageprice of the Mexican crude oil mix )   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Oil and oil products                   U.S.$                                                                              21,402.5                  U.S.$   16,357.3    
Crude oil                                                                                                                 16,185.6                          11,646.9    
Other                                                                                                                     5,216.9                           4,710.4     
Non-oil products                                                                                                          434,357.7                         465,284.7   
Agricultural                                                                                                              17,813.6                          16,272.4    
Mining                                                                                                                    7,703.4                           9,537.3     
Manufactured goods(2)                                                                                                     408,840.7                         439,475.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise exports                                                                                                 455,760.2                         481,642.0   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                                                                                                                            
Consumer goods                                                                                                            74,534.7                          70,215.0    
Intermediate goods(2)                                                                                                     354,900.0                         372,582.5   
Capital goods                                                                                                             45,797.4                          41,772.0    
                                                                                                                                                                        
Total merchandise imports                                                                                                 475,232.1                         484,569.5   
                                                                                                                                                                        
Trade balance                          U.S.$                                                                              (19,471.9   )             U.S.$   (2,927.5    ) 
                                                                                                                                                                        
Average price of Mexican oil mix(3)    U.S.$                                                                              72.1                      U.S.$   62.6        
                                                                                                                                                                        


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Includes the in-bond industry.

(3)

In U.S. dollars per barrel.

Source: Banco de México/PEMEX.

Foreign Trade Relations and Agreements

On August 28, 2025, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Mexico and Brazil had signed agreements on trade, health, agriculture, and energy to strengthen bilateral cooperation and expand opportunities for joint development.

On November 28, 2025, representatives of Mexico and Canada attended the first meeting of the Asociación Estratégica Integral México-Canadá (Mexico-Canada Integral Strategic Association, or AEIMC), with the aim of strengthening bilateral cooperation in priority sectors that contribute to joint development and well-being of both countries.

Balance of Payments and International Reserves

The following table sets forth Mexico's balance of payments for the periods indicated:

Table No. 12 - Balance of Payments

                                                                                                              
                                First nine months               
                                2024(1)                                         2025(1)   
                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Current account(2)              U.S.$                           (27,525.5   )             U.S.$   (11,782.2   ) 
Credits                                                         568,480.7                         593,921.2   
Merchandise exports (f.o.b.)                                    456,262.2                         482,234.2   
Non-factor services                                             46,182.3                          48,732.8    
Transport                                                       7,665.1                           5,965.1     
Tourism                                                         24,266.8                          25,778.4    
Insurance and pensions                                          4,243.3                           3,684.2     
Financial services                                              663.7                             736.6       
Others                                                          9,343.4                           12,568.4    
Primary income                                                  16,927.9                          16,500.3    
Secondary income                                                49,108.3                          46,453.9    
Debits                                                          596,006.2                         605,703.4   
Merchandise imports (f.o.b.)                                    475,763.6                         485,133.9   
Non-factor services                                             53,358.3                          54,937.4    
Transport                                                       18,795.4                          18,996.5    
Tourism                                                         7,947.9                           9,649.5     
Insurance and pensions                                          7,560.0                           7,520.4     
Financial services                                              2,309.3                           1,426.9     
Others                                                          16,745.8                          17,344.0    
Primary income                                                  65,800.5                          64,708.0    
Secondary income                                                1,083.8                           924.2       
Capital account                                                 (55.3       )                     (24.7       ) 
Credit                                                          266.8                             169.8       
Debit                                                           322.1                             194.5       
Financial account                                               (25,963.4   )                     (2,110.3    ) 
Direct investment                                               (32,363.2   )                     (33,820.9   ) 
Portfolio investment                                            1,319.3                           2,408.2     
Financial derivatives                                           2,610.2                           2,798.8     
Other investment                                                (8,998.1    )                     8,644.7     
Reserve assets                                                  11,468.3                          17,858.9    
International reserves                                          17,453.7                          27,520.1    
Valuation adjustment                                            5,985.4                           9,661.2     
Errors and omissions                                            1,617.4                           9,696.5     


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

Current account figures are calculated according to a methodology developed to conform to new international standards under which merchandise exports and merchandise imports include the in-bound industry.

Source: Banco de México.

In the third quarter of 2025, Mexico's current account registered a surplus of U.S.$2.32 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, compared to a deficit of U.S.$2.04 billion, or 0.5% of GDP, in the third quarter of 2024. The increase in the current account balance was mainly due to an increase in the balance of non-oil goods and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in the primary income deficit. This was partially offset by a reduction in the secondary income surplus and increases in the deficits in services and oil goods.

International Reserves and Assets

The following table sets forth Banco de México's international reserves and net international assets at the end of each period indicated.

Table No. 13 - International Reserves and Net International Assets(1)

                                                                                                                     
             End-of-PeriodInternational Reserves(2)(3)             End-of-PeriodNet International Assets   
             (in billions of U.S dollars)                
2022                                                     199.1                                               201.1   
2023                                                     212.8                                               214.3   
2024                                                     228.8                                               231.8   
2025:                                                                                                                
January                                                  230.8                                               240.7   
February                                                 234.3                                               245.5   
March                                                    237.0                                               246.5   
April                                                    239.1                                               245.8   
May                                                      240.0                                               246.2   
June                                                     241.5                                               248.9   
July                                                     242.3                                               251.2   
August                                                   244.4                                               248.9   
September                                                246.8                                               267.2   
October                                                  248.9                                               257.0   
November                                                 250.2                                               255.7   


(1)

"Net international assets" are defined as: (a) gross international reserves, plus (b) assets with maturities greater than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks, less (x) liabilities outstanding to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and (y) liabilities with maturities of less than six months derived from credit agreements with central banks.

(2)

Includes gold, Special Drawing Rights (international reserve assets created by the IMF) and foreign exchange holdings.

(3)

"International reserves" are equivalent to: (a) gross international reserves, minus (b) international liabilities of Banco de México with maturities of less than six months.

(4)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Banco de México.

Foreign Investment in Mexico

On November 19, 2025, the Ministry of Economy reported that, in the first three quarters of 2025, Foreign Direct Investment in Mexico reached a historic high of U.S.$40.9 billion, a 14.5% increase compared to U.S.$35.7 billion in the same period in 2024.

PUBLIC FINANCE

General

At the end of the third quarter of 2025, public finances remained consistent with the fiscal goals outlined in the 2025 Economic Package, reflecting an annual reduction in the budget deficit.

Fiscal policy

In September 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit published the Criterios Generales de Política Económica (General Criteria for Economic Policy) for 2026, on the basis of the Paquete Económico 2026 (2026 Economic Package) which sets forth a fiscal policy that aims to, among other objectives, (i) preserve macroeconomic stability, (ii) achieve the gradual normalization of the budget deficit and a sustainable level of public debt, and (iii) guarantee public investment in welfare programs, health sector policies, the strengthening of education and social housing and other priority programs, in accordance with the Estrategia Nacional de Industrialización y Prosperidad Compartida "Plan México" (the National Strategy for Industrialization and Shared Prosperity, or Plan Mexico).

The Budget

On November 7 and November 21, 2025, the Ley de Ingresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Federal Revenue Law, or the 2026 Revenue Law) and the Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal de 2026 (Federal Expenditure Budget for 2026, or the 2026 Expenditure Budget) were published in the Official Gazette, respectively.

Selected estimated budget expenditures and preliminary results are set forth in the table below.

Table No. 14 - Selected Budgetary Expenditures; 2025 Expenditure Budget

(In Billions of Pesos)

                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                     Actual                                              
                                     2024(1)               First nine monthsof 2024(1)                 First nine monthsof 2025(1)           2025 Budget(2)   
Health                               Ps.       65.6                                      Ps.   48.6                                    Ps.   42.6                 Ps.   66.7      
Education                                      449.1                                           344.2                                         383.4                      450.9     
Housing and community development              15.1                                            14.0                                          15.8                       38.0      
Government debt service                        1,042.5                                         773.1                                         846.4                      1,149.6   
CFE and PEMEX debt service                     107.9                                           139.9                                         176.8                      186.4     
PEMEX debt service                             73.1                                            111.6                                         143.5                      147.9     
CFE debt service                               34.7                                            28.3                                          33.4                       38.5      


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

The table below sets forth the budgetary results for the periods indicated. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 and 2026 Budgets.

Table No. 15 - Budgetary Results; 2025 and 2026 Budget Assumptions and Targets

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                             Actual                                        
                                                             2024(1)     First ninemonths of2024(1)        First ninemonths of2025(1)     2025 Budget(2)           2026 Budget(2) 
Real GDP growth (%)(3)                                                   1.4                          %                                                    1.7     %          0.1     %          0.5-1.5   %          1.8-2.8   % 
Increase in the national consumer price index (%)(4)                     4.2                          %                                                    4.6     %          3.8     %          3.8       %          3.0       % 
Average export price of Mexican oil mix (U.S.$/barrel)(5)                70.24                                                                             72.06              62.58              62.0                 54.9      
Average exchange rate (Ps./$1.00)                                        18.3                                                                              17.7               19.5               19.6                 19.3      
Average rate on 28-day Cetes (%)                                         10.7                         %                                                    10.9    %          8.5     %          8.4       %          6.6       % 
Public sector balance as % of GDP(6)                                     (5.0                         )%                                                   (3.0    )%         (2.2    )%         (3.6      )%         (3.6      )% 
Primary balance as % of GDP(6)                                           (1.5                         )%                                                   (0.6    )%         0.5     %          0.2       %          0.5       % 
Current account balance as % of GDP                                      (0.9                         )%                                                   (2.0    )%         (0.9    )%         (0.3      )%         (0.6      )% 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

2025 and 2026 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025 and 2026, respectively. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 and 2026 economic results.

(3)

Figures represent year-over-year change for the first nine months of 2024 and first nine months of 2025.

(4)

Figures represent the 12-month percentage change in the consumer price index for the last month in the period indicated.

(5)

The Government entered into hedging agreements to mitigate the effects of a change in oil prices with respect to the level that was assumed in the 2025 Revenue Law. Therefore, the approved expenditures level should not be affected if the weighted average price of crude oil exported by PEMEX for the year falls below the price assumed in the 2025 Budget.

(6)

Includes the effect of expenditures related to the issuance of bonds pursuant to reforms to the Ley del Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado (Law of the Institute for Social Security and Social Services of Government Workers, or ISSSTE Law) and the recognition as public sector debt of certain long-term infrastructure-related projects (PIDIREGAS) obligations, as discussed under "Public Finance-Revenues and Expenditures-General" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

Revenues and Expenditures

General

On November 27, 2025, the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (National Institute of Statistics and Geography, or INEGI) published the Estadística de Finanzas Públicas Estatales y Municipales 2024 (State and Municipal Public Finance Statistics, or EFIPEM), which consolidates information on revenue, expenditure, public debt and federal transfers by state and municipality based on data reported by local treasuries. The EFIPEM allows for the monitoring of state and municipal budget execution and multi-year fiscal planning, and provides key inputs for performance evaluation and the aligning of public spending with the objectives of the Plan Nacional de Desarrollo 2025-2030 (National Development Plan 2025-2030) and Mexico's international sustainable development commitments.

The following table presents the composition of public sector budgetary revenues for the first nine months of 2024 and 2025 in billions of pesos. It also sets forth certain assumptions and targets from Mexico's 2025 Budget.

Table No. 16 - Public Sector Budgetary Revenues

(In Billions of Pesos)(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                               Actual                       
                                                                               First ninemonths of2024(2)               First ninemonths of2025(2)               2025 Budget(3)   
Budgetary revenues                                                                                          5,624.4                                    6,247.7                        8,055.6   
Federal Government                                                                                          4,070.9                                    4,615.3                        5,952.0   
Taxes                                                                                                       3,696.2                                    4,107.3                        5,297.8   
Income tax(4)                                                                                               2,036.3                                    2,243.2                        2,859.7   
Value-added tax                                                                                             1,038.8                                    1,149.4                        1,463.3   
Excise taxes                                                                                                449.9                                      495.8                          713.8     
Import duties                                                                                               98.0                                       125.8                          151.8     
Tax on the exploration and exploitation of hydrocarbons                                                     5.1                                        5.0                            7.1       
Export duties                                                                                               0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Other                                                                                                       68.0                                       88.1                           102.0     
Non-tax revenue                                                                                             373.4                                      508.0                          654.2     
Fees and tolls(5)                                                                                           112.6                                      126.3                          151.2     
Transfers from the Mexican Petroleum Fund for Stabilization and Development                                 106.0                                      185.2                          279.8     
Fines and surcharges                                                                                        154.8                                      196.4                          223.2     
Other                                                                                                       0.0                                        0.0                            0.0       
Public enterprises and agencies                                                                             1,553.6                                    1,632.4                        2,103.7   
PEMEX(6)                                                                                                    667.3                                      737.5                          860.9     
Others(7)                                                                                                   886.3                                      894.9                          1,242.8   


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Nominal pesos.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

2025 Budget figures represent budgetary estimates for the full year, based on the economic assumptions contained in the General Economic Policy Guidelines and in the Economic Program for 2025. These figures do not reflect actual results for the year or updated estimates of Mexico's 2025 economic results.

(4)

Includes tax and oil Impuesto Sobre la Renta (Income Tax).

(5)

Includes oil and non-tax duties.

(6)

Includes oil revenues, which are classified as non-tax revenues for information consistency purposes.

(7)

Includes CFE, IMSS and ISSSTE.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

Revenues

Taxation and Tax Revenues

On October 31, 2025, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) recognized Mexico and its tax authority, the Servicio de Administración Tributaria (Tax Administration Service), for providing tax certainty for high-income taxpayers.

Pursuant to the 2026 Revenue Law, the rates in cases of unpaid tax assessments are modified, starting in 2026, to reflect (i) increasing the rate on outstanding balances from 0.98% to 1.38% per month, and (ii) when payment by installments is authorized, increasing the rate from 1.26% to 1.42% per month, from 1.53% to 1.63% per month and from 1.82% to 1.97% per month for installment plans of up to 12 months, installments plans of between 12 and 24 months and installments plans of over 12 months or deferred payment plans, respectively.

Expenditures

Health and Labor, Education and Other Social Welfare Expenditures

On November 10, 2025, the Programa Institucional 2025-2030 del Instituto Nacional de Salud Pública (Institutional Program 2025-2030 of the National Institute of Public Health) was published in the Official Gazette, with the aim of improving public health in Mexico through scientific research and development, and by implementing a healthcare approach based on equity, social justice and collective well-being.

On November 25, 2025, the Consejo Nacional de Inclusión Financiera (National Council for Financial Inclusion, or CONAIF) presented the Política Nacional de Inclusión Financiera 2025-2030 (National Financial Inclusion Policy 2025-2030), which aims to promote the financial inclusion of individuals and businesses in Mexico.

On December 2, 2025, President Sheinbaum announced the launch of 500 Farmacias del Bienestar (Well-being Pharmacies), which aim to benefit elderly populations and those with disabilities by improving access to medication, with plans to implement them throughout Mexico by March 2026.

On December 5, 2025, the Programa Institucional de Financiera Para el Bienestar 2025-2030 (Institutional Program of Finance Entity for Well-Being) 2025-2030) was published in the Official Gazette, outlining the five-year program of the decentralized agency tasked, with serving the interests of vulnerable populations in the financial system, including by providing reliable and timely financial services and products.

Government Agencies and Enterprises

On December 10, 2025, the Ministry of Economy published the Calendario de Presupuesto Autorizado a la Secretaría de Economía y Entidades Paraestatales Apoyadas para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026 (Authorized Budget Calendar for the Ministry of Economy and Supported Parastatal Entities for Fiscal Year 2026) in the Official Gazette.

PUBLIC DEBT

Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

The following table sets forth the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements as a percentage of GDP at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 17 - Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements

(Percentage of GDP)(1)

                                                                                                                                        
                                                              At September 30, 2024(2)             At September 30, 2025(2)   
Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements                               49.3%                                  49.9%   


(1)

The calculation of Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements is discussed in footnote 1 to Table No. 67 in "Public Debt-Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

For an explanation of Mexico's public debt classification, including an explanation of the Historical Balance of Public Sector Borrowing Requirements, please see "Public Debt-Public Debt Classification" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Internal Debt

On October 2, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 137.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 34.2 billion, Ps. 66.4 billion, and Ps. 36.4 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-term instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On October 31, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out a refinancing transaction in the local market in the amount of Ps. 165.0 billion consisting of CETES, M Bonos, and Udibonos, of which Ps. 27.0 billion, Ps. 49.1 billion, and Ps. 88.9 billion had maturity dates in 2025, 2026, and 2027 onward, respectively. The refinancing transaction involved the issuance of longer-dated instruments with maturities between 2027 to 2054.

On December 5, 2025, the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit carried out sustainability-linked bond offerings in the local market in the amount of Ps. 26,200 million consisting of an issuance of BONDES G with two, four and six year maturities and an issuance of a Bono S with a 10 year maturity, each under the SDG Sovereign Bond Framework.

Internal Public Sector Debt

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the public sector at each of the dates indicated:

Table No. 18 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Public Sector

                                                                                                                                      
                                                At September 30, 2024(1)                  At September 30, 2025(1)   
                                                (in billions of pesos)     
Gross Debt                                      Ps.                        13,330.7                                  Ps.   14,909.6   
By Term                                                                                                                               
Long-term                                                                  12,532.0                                        14,302.9   
Short-term                                                                 798.7                                           606.6      
By User                                                                                                                               
Federal Government                                                         12,595.0                                        14,171.6   
State-Owned Public Companies (PEMEX and CFE)                               326.6                                           301.7      
Development Banks                                                          409.1                                           436.2      
Financial Assets                                                           760.6                                           1,103.5    
Total Net Debt                                  Ps.                        12,570.1                                  Ps.   13,806.1   
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                    40.3       %                                    42.7       % 
Net Internal Debt/GDP(2)                                                   38.0       %                                    39.6       % 


(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

The calculation of net internal debt is discussed in footnote 2 to Table No. 68 in "Public Debt-Internal Debt-Internal Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

Internal Government Debt

As of January 2, 2026, there was no debt of any state or municipality guaranteed by the Government outstanding.

The following table summarizes the gross and net internal debt of the Government at each of the dates indicated.

Table No. 19 - Gross and Net Internal Debt of the Government(1)

                                                                                                                                                                     
                           At September 30, 2024                                          At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in billions of pesos, except percentages)   
Government Securities                                                   Ps.12,108.8                                    96.1    %       Ps.13,699.2           96.7    % 
Cetes                                                                   1,764.2                                        14.0            2,034.5               14.4    
Floating Rate Bonds(5)                                                  2,190.5                                        17.4            2,216.0               15.6    
Inflation-Linked Bonds                                                  3,583.8                                        28.5            4,209.1               29.7    
Fixed Rate Bonds                                                        4,560.3                                        36.2            5,264.3               37.1    
STRIPS of Udibonos                                                      9.9                                            0.1             10.2                  0.1     
Other(3)                                                                486.2                                          3.9             472.5                 3.3     
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Gross Debt                                                        Ps.12,595.0                                    100.0   %       Ps.14,171.6           100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Net Debt                                                                                                                                                             
Financial Assets(4)                                                     437.2                                                          500.9                         
                                                                                                                                                                     
Total Net Debt                                                          Ps.12,157.8                                                    Ps.13,670.7                   
                                                                                                                                                                     
Gross Internal Debt/GDP                                                 38.0          %                                                40.6          %               
Net Internal Debt/GDP                                                   36.7          %                                                39.2          %               


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Internal debt figures do not include securities sold by Banco de México in open-market operations to manage liquidity levels pursuant to Regulación Monetaria. This is because such sales do not increase the Government's overall level of internal debt. Banco de México must reimburse the Government for any allocated debt that Banco de México sells into the secondary market and that is presented to the Government for payment. If Banco de México undertakes extensive sales of allocated debt in the secondary market, however, this can result in an elevated level of outstanding internal debt as compared to the Government's figure for net internal debt.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

(3)

Includes Ps. 98.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and Ps. 88.0 billion at September 30, 2025 in liabilities associated with social security under the ISSSTE Law.

(4)

Includes the net balance (denominated in pesos) of the General Account of the Tesorería de la Federación (Treasury of the Federation) in Banco de México.

(5)

Figures correspond to BONDES D floating rate bonds, which are linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio (equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIE), whereas BONDES F and BONDES G are floating-rate bonds linked to the one-day tasa de interés interbancaria de equilibrio de fondeo (funding equilibrium interbank interest rate, or TIIEF).

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Debt

On September 8, 2025, Standard & Poor's affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

On October 28, 2025, HR Ratings affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB+, changing the outlook from negative to stable.

On October 30, 2025, Kroll Bond Rating Agency affirmed Mexico's long-term foreign-currency debt rating of BBB, maintaining a stable outlook.

External Public Sector Debt

According to preliminary figures, as of September 30, 2025, outstanding gross external public sector debt totaled U.S.$256.4 billion, an approximate U.S.$35.3 billion increase from the U.S.$221.0 billion outstanding on December 31, 2024. Of this amount, U.S.$254.2 billion represented long-term debt and U.S.$2.2 billion represented short-term debt. Net external indebtedness increased by U.S.$25.3 billion during the first nine months of 2025.

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external public sector debt, including a breakdown of such debt by type, a breakdown of such debt by currency and net external public sector debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 20 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Type(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                             
                                                At September 30, 2024(3)                      At September 30, 2025(3)   
                                                (in millions of U.S. dollars)   
Long-Term Direct Debt of the Government         U.S.$                           128,907.8                                U.S.$   153,002.7   
Long-Term Debt of Budget Controlled Agencies                                    83,991.7                                         95,804.1    
Other Long-Term Public Debt(4)                                                  5,081.3                                          5,352.0     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long-Term Debt                            U.S.$                           217,980.8                                U.S.$   254,158.8   
                                                                                                                                             
Total Short-Term Debt                                                           6,767.7                                          2,196.1     
                                                                                                                                             
Total Long- and Short-Term Debt                 U.S.$                           224,748.5                                U.S.$   256,354.9   
                                                                                                                                             


Table No. 21 - Summary of External Public Sector Debt by Currency(1)

                                                                                                                                                                       
                   At September 30, 2024 (3)                                             At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   168,884.1                                   75.1    %     U.S.$   190,191.4         74.2    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               7,123.6                                     3.2                   7,078.9           2.8     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                     1.4                   4,371.3           1.7     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,944.6                                     0.9                   1,952.1           0.8     
Euros                                                                      30,375.7                                    13.5                  36,911.9          14.4    
Others                                                                     13,343.5                                    5.9                   15,849.3          6.2     
                                                                                                                                                                       
Total              U.S.$                                                   224,748.9                                   100.0   %     U.S.$   256,354.9         100.0   % 
                                                                                                                                                                       


Table No. 22 - Net External Debt of the Public Sector(1)

                                                                                                                                                   
                           At September 30, 2024 (3)                                               At September 30, 2025 (3)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   219,817.5                                   U.S.$   243,645.2   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            13.0        %                                       13.0        % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              12.7        %                                       12.4        % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

Preliminary figures.

(2)

External debt denominated in foreign currencies other than U.S. dollars has been translated into dollars at exchange rates as of each of the dates indicated. External public debt does not include (a) repurchase obligations of Banco de México with the IMF (none of which was outstanding as of September 30, 2025) or (b) loans from the Commodity Credit Corporation to public sector Mexican banks. External debt is presented herein on a "gross" basis and includes external obligations of the public sector at their full outstanding face or principal amount. For certain informational and statistical purposes, Mexico sometimes reports its external public sector debt on a "net" basis, which is calculated as the gross debt net of certain financial assets held abroad. These financial assets include Mexican public sector external debt that is held by public sector entities but that has not been cancelled.

(3)

Adjusted to reflect the effect of currency swaps.

(4)

Includes debt of development banks and other administratively-controlled agencies whose finances are consolidated with those of the Government.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Government Debt

The following tables set forth a summary of Mexico's external Government debt, including the gross external Government debt, net external Government debt and net Government debt at the dates indicated.

Table No. 23 - Gross External Debt of the Government by Currency

                                                                                                                                                                      
                   At September 30, 2024                                                 At September 30, 2025(2)   
                   (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
U.S. Dollars       U.S.$                                                   82,687.5                                   64.1    %     U.S.$   95,634.8          62.5    % 
Japanese Yen                                                               6,305.8                                    4.9                   6,286.8           4.1     
Swiss Francs                                                               3,077.4                                    2.4                   4,371.3           2.9     
Pounds Sterling                                                            1,341.1                                    1.0                   1,346.3           0.9     
Euros                                                                      22,976.7                                   17.8                  30,286.3          19.8    
Others                                                                     12,519.4                                   9.7                   15,077.2          9.9     
                                                                                                                                                                      
Total              U.S.$                                                   128,907.9                                  100.0         U.S.$   153,002.7         100.0   
                                                                                                                                                                      


Table No. 24 - Net External Debt of the Government

                                                                                                                                                    
                           At September 30, 2024                                                     At September 30, 2025(2)   
                           (in millions of U.S. dollars, except for percentages)   
Total Net Debt             U.S.$                                                   125,755.2                                    U.S.$   150,368.7   
Gross External Debt/GDP                                                            7.5         %(2)                                     7.8         % 
Net External Debt/GDP                                                              7.3         %(2)                                     7.7         % 


Table No. 25 - Net Debt of the Government

                                                                                           
                    At September 30, 2024              At September 30, 2025(2)   
Internal Debt                               83.1   %                                83.2   % 
External Debt(1)                            16.9   %                                16.8   % 


Note: Numbers may not total due to rounding.

(1)

The calculation of external debt is discussed in footnote 3 to Table No. 77 in "Public Debt-External Public Debt-External Public Sector Debt" in the 2024 Form 18-K.

(2)

Preliminary figures.

Source: Ministry of Finance and Public Credit.

External Securities Offerings and Liability Management Transactions

On September 19, 2025, Mexico issued €2,500,000,000 of its 3.500% Global Notes due 2029, €1,500,000,000 of its 4.500% Global Notes due 2034 and €1,250,000,000 of its 5.125% Global Notes due 2038.

On September 22, 2025, Mexico issued $1,500,000,000 of its 4.750% Global Notes due 2031, $4,000,000,000 of its 5.375% Global Notes due 2033 and $2,500,000,000 of its 5.625% Global Notes due 2035.

IMF Credit Lines

On November 13, 2025, the IMF Executive Board renewed the Flexible Credit Line Arrangement with Mexico for two more years, maintaining it as a precautionary instrument to support external resilience.

Disclaimer

Federal Government of Mexico published this content on January 05, 2026, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on January 05, 2026 at 12:54 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020260105em15006v9




U.S.; Politics
Trump Says U.S. Is ‘In Charge’ of Venezuela, While Rubio Stresses Coercing It

By Edward Wong 
2,041 words
4 January 2026
10:33
nytimes.com
NYTFEED
English
Copyright 2026. The New York Times Company. All Rights Reserved. 

The secretary of state said that a military “quarantine” on some oil exports would stay in place to put pressure on the country’s acting leadership.

President Trump on Sunday night asserted again that the United States was “in charge” of Venezuela, hours after his top diplomat had pivoted away from such earlier suggestions of direct control to say that the administration would instead coerce cooperation from the new leadership in Caracas.

“We’re dealing with the people that just got sworn in,” Mr. Trump told reporters as he flew back to Washington from Florida. “And don’t ask me who’s in charge, because I’ll give you an answer, and it’ll be very controversial.”

“What does that mean?” a reporter asked.

“It means we’re in charge,” the president said.

Mr. Trump did not provide details, but he appeared to be referring to control over the Venezuelan government, whose top officials made defiant statements after the U.S. military entered the country early Saturday and seized Nicolás Maduro, the autocratic leader.

The acting leader of Venezuela, Delcy Rodríguez, a vice president under Mr. Maduro, struck a more diplomatic tone on Sunday night, saying, “Our people and our region deserve peace and dialogue, not war.”

When asked what he needed from Ms. Rodríguez, Mr. Trump said: “We need total access. We need access to the oil and to other things in their country that allow us to rebuild their country.”

On Sunday morning, Secretary of State Marco Rubio appeared to recast Mr. Trump’s assertion a day earlier that the United States would “run” Venezuela, saying instead that the administration would keep a military “quarantine” in place on the country’s oil exports to exert leverage on the new leadership there.

When asked how the United States planned to govern Venezuela, Mr. Rubio did not lay out a plan for a U.S. occupation authority, like the one that the George W. Bush administration put in place in Baghdad during the Iraq War, but spoke of leverage over a Venezuelan government run by allies of Mr. Maduro, now jailed in Brooklyn, to force policy changes.

U.S. forces will continue to prevent oil tankers on a U.S. sanctions list from entering and leaving the country until the government opens up the state-controlled oil industry to foreign investment — presumably giving priority to American companies — and makes other changes, he said on “Face the Nation” on CBS News.

“That remains in place, and that’s a tremendous amount of leverage that will continue to be in place until we see changes, not just to further the national interest of the United States, which is No. 1, but also that lead to a better future for the people of Venezuela,” he said.

And in a testy exchange later on “Meet the Press” on NBC News, Mr. Rubio complained that people were “fixating” on Mr. Trump’s declaration at a news conference in Florida on Saturday that the U.S. government would run Venezuela. He added that “it’s not running — it’s running policy, the policy with regards to this.”

Mr. Rubio said on CBS that the U.S. naval force that Mr. Trump massed in the Caribbean Sea near Venezuela over recent months — “one of the largest naval deployments in modern history, certainly in the Western Hemisphere” — would remain in place to enforce the quasi blockade, with the aim of “paralyzing that portion of how the regime, you know, generates revenue.”

And he added that Mr. Trump could put U.S. troops on the ground in Venezuela beyond the recent operation in which Army Delta Force soldiers seized Mr. Maduro, if it served American interests. The president “does not feel like he is going to publicly rule out options that are available for the United States,” Mr. Rubio said.

A White House official said Mr. Rubio had detailed in his interviews on Sunday what Mr. Trump had meant when he used the word “run,” and that there was no contradiction in their remarks. The official said top Trump aides “will continue to diplomatically engage” with the current leadership in Venezuela.

In Venezuela, the official line of the government remains fierce resistance to the United States. Vladimir Padrino López, the defense minister, gave a speech demanding the return of Mr. Maduro and his wife, Cilia Flores, who were flown to a Brooklyn detention center on Saturday. “Our sovereignty has been violated and breached,” he said, backed by uniformed soldiers.

The Venezuelan government’s count of the number of soldiers and civilians killed during the U.S. incursion rose to 80 on Sunday, according to a senior Venezuelan official. Mr. Padrino López said that U.S. forces had killed a “large part” of Mr. Maduro’s security detail in the attack. No American service members were killed, though several were injured by hostile fire, U.S. officials said.

Mr. Trump told The Atlantic on Sunday that if Ms. Rodriguez “doesn’t do what’s right, she is going to pay a very big price, probably bigger than Maduro.”

Mr. Rubio led an effort in the Trump administration to oust Mr. Maduro that was supported throughout the fall by Stephen Miller, the president’s homeland security adviser, and John Ratcliffe, the C.I.A. director, The New York Times reported in September.

As Mr. Trump did in his news conference on Saturday, Mr. Rubio focused in his Sunday interviews on oil as the main prize for the United States in its operation against Mr. Maduro. Mr. Trump said earlier that “we’re going to be taking out a tremendous amount of wealth out of the ground.”

Mr. Rubio told CBS News that the oil industry in Venezuela, which is controlled by the government and under U.S. sanctions, needed to be “reinvested in.”

“It’s obvious they do not have the capability to bring up that industry again,” he said. “They need investment from private companies, who are only going to invest under certain guarantees and conditions.”

Mr. Rubio’s and Mr. Trump’s remarks over the weekend suggested that the administration intended to force Ms. Rodríguez to allow American oil companies to invest and operate in the country under favorable conditions.

The statements by the two men amount to an explicit declaration of gunboat diplomacy and an embrace of the kind of 19th-century U.S. imperialist policy in the Western Hemisphere that has been widely criticized across Latin America.

Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said in an interview that decades-long efforts by the United States to prove it is not a colonial power in the Americas has been “all thrown out” now, and that Mr. Trump’s actions could “potentially turn the whole region against us.”

He added that the administration’s aim of dominating the Western Hemisphere — including forcibly seizing leaders in the region — could spur China and Russia to try to do the same in their perceived “spheres of influence.”

There’s “an extraordinarily high risk that adversaries around the world will use the same theory of the case to act with further impunity,” he said.

Mr. Rubio was unapologetic about the idea of hemispheric dominance, saying on NBC on Sunday: “This is the Western Hemisphere. This is where we live, and we’re not going to allow the Western Hemisphere to be a base of operation for adversaries, competitors and rivals of the United States.”

China is the biggest foreign investor in Venezuela’s oil industry, and Chinese private companies buy about 80 percent of the country’s oil exports. Russia also has stakes in the industry.

For years, Chevron has been the only U.S. oil company operating in Venezuela, in several joint ventures with the state-owned oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A., or PDVSA. The Biden and second Trump administrations gave Chevron a license to operate there as an exception to sanctions imposed on Venezuela’s oil industry by Mr. Trump in his first term. Other American oil companies had a large presence in Venezuela over decades, but left the country during two periods when the government exerted state control over the ventures.

U.S. forces boarded two oil tankers last month that were transporting oil from Venezuela to Asia. The second one, the Centuries, was not on the Treasury Department’s sanctions list.

For days, the U.S. Coast Guard has been pursuing a tanker on the sanctions list, the Bella 1, which had been going to Venezuela to pick up oil.

The Trump administration has said all weekend that it hopes to work with Ms. Rodríguez, and Mr. Rubio deflected questions on Sunday about why it was not supporting any leadership bid by Venezuela’s main opposition figures.

He was in contact throughout last year with figures in the opposition movement. And as a senator from Florida, he signed a formal letter of support for María Corina Machado, the Venezuelan opposition leader, to receive the Nobel Peace Prize. She was awarded that prize last year, which frustrated Mr. Trump, who had been openly campaigning to win it himself.

On Saturday, Mr. Trump said in his news conference that Ms. Machado lacked the “respect” within Venezuela to govern, even though international election experts say a candidate she supported, Edmundo González, beat Mr. Maduro in a 2024 election by a wide margin. The Biden administration and the second Trump administration have recognized Mr. González’s victory.

In January 2025, right after starting his new job, Mr. Rubio spoke with both Ms. Machado and Mr. González, whom he called the “rightful president,” and “reaffirmed the United States’ support for the restoration of democracy in Venezuela,” according to a State Department summary of the call.

On Saturday, Ms. Rodríguez sounded a defiant tone, denouncing the U.S. raid against Mr. Maduro and saying he was the country’s rightful president. When asked on Sunday on CBS whether the United States could work with her, Mr. Rubio said: “We’re going to make an assessment on the basis of what they do, not what they say publicly in the interim, not what we know of what they’ve done in the past in many cases, but what they do moving forward. So we’re going to find out.”

Mr. Rubio also said there were no immediate plans to send U.S. troops into Venezuela to seize other officials who have also been indicted by the U.S. Justice Department on drug trafficking charges, as Mr. Maduro was in 2020, during the first Trump administration.

Mr. Rubio said that the United States planned to ensure that Venezuela stopped trafficking drugs. The Trump administration stated last year that curbing “narco-terrorism” from Venezuela was a main reason for its campaign against the country, which has included carrying out legally questionable military strikes on boats that have killed at least 115 people. A U.S. official said on Sunday that the military would continue doing the attacks.

However, Venezuela’s role in the drug trade is limited. Mr. Maduro allowed some Colombian cocaine producers to send their product through Venezuela, mainly to Europe, but the country does not produce fentanyl, which has long been Mr. Trump’s stated focus.

When asked in the NBC interview whether Communist-run Cuba, an ally of Venezuela, was the next target of the Trump administration, Mr. Rubio did not deny the possibility. He said that “the Cuban government is a huge problem” and that “they are in a lot of trouble, yes.” Mr. Rubio, the son of Cuban immigrants, has said for decades that the leadership of Cuba must be removed, and that toppling the Maduro “regime” in Venezuela would help lead to a transformation in Cuba.

In another interview on Sunday, on “This Week” on ABC News, Mr. Rubio said that congressional authorization of the military operation to seize Mr. Maduro was not necessary because it was “a law enforcement operation” rather than an “invasion.”

Tyler Pager, Minho Kim and Eric Schmitt contributed reporting from Washington, and Jack Nicas contributed from Mexico City.

Document NYTFEED020260104em14002gx




CE Noticias Financieras English
It's America's meddling, stupid!

2,136 words
4 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

2026 began for Mexico with geological and geopolitical earthquakes.

It was barely dawn when thousands of us were already fulfilling one of the most shared New Year's resolutions: to go for an early morning run.

We did not do it to lose weight and improve our physical and health conditions as we proposed when we died in 2025, but to protect ourselves from the eventual effects of the severe jolt that woke us up and frightened us last Friday January 2 at 7:58 in the morning, the 6.5 intensity earthquake that had its epicenter in San Marcos, Guerrero, very close to Acapulco.

When President Sheinbaum heard the seismic alert at the National Palace in the middle of the morning press conference, she said with a poise that, however, did not hide her surprise and concern: "Ugh, it's shaking!", an expression that she herself later predicted would go viral.

The aftershocks continued by the hundreds, including another earthquake that went out of the geological range to settle in the geopolitical one early yesterday morning, Saturday, January 3: the US military attack on Venezuelan territory and the "extraction" (euphemism for kidnapping) of President Nicolás Maduro, transferred together with his wife Cilia Adela Flores to the Southern District Court of New York accused of narcoterrorism, according to an official document of that US jurisdictional instance.

And without believing in bad omens or invoking catastrophic superstitions, we begin a year in which facts and events are looming that will have eventual seismic consequences in regional and global stability, and in the economic, political and social spheres, which could well define the course and destiny of Claudia Sheinbaum's government.

For our country, the whole year will be accompanied by the effects of the US aggression against Venezuela and the complications it will bring to the already difficult bilateral relationship, but also by the review process of the T-MEC, while the government will have to face the significant challenge of the correct management of public finances heavily pressured by the increase in social support and debt. The commitment to host a world soccer championship for the third time, this time co-hosted with the United States and Canada, will also have to be addressed.

Even if one disagrees with the Venezuelan regime inaugurated by Hugo Chávez and continued by Nicolás Maduro, even if it is certain that he incurred in electoral fraud during the presidential elections of July last year to remain in power or even if oppression is common currency in Venezuela as denounced by sectors of its population, the military attack on the South American country and the kidnapping of its head of state by a foreign power is an ominous act, in violation of international legality and dangerous for the stability of the world that must be condemned and punished.

Article 2 of the United Nations Charter establishes that member countries shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any State.

Just as Bill Clinton during his first presidential campaign focused his proselytizing efforts by saying to himself "it's the economy, stupid!", we can now say to ourselves in the case of the military attack on Venezuela "it's foreign interference, stupid!". Our history is full of such experiences and hence the constitutional principles of foreign policy: respect for sovereignty, non-intervention, peaceful settlement of disputes and self-determination of peoples.

By what right, then, does the United States violate the international order and the sovereignty of a State?

The charge for which Maduro was kidnapped and taken to a U.S. court is narcoterrorism and this is amply referred to in the indictment. But Trump himself revealed the pretext nature of such accusations when he referred that Venezuelan oil (the largest proven reserves in the world) had been badly taken from them and that he was going to recover them when -according to experts- the world has enough oil left for fifteen years, but the United States only has enough for six.

So what, does Mexico also continue with the pretext that its government is dominated by narco-terrorism? Trump, just a few hours after the Venezuelan coup, declared to Fox News that his country would be in charge of Venezuela while a transition takes place (it will be a state occupied by a foreign power) and later said: "we will see what we are going to do about Mexico, whose government is run by the drug cartels".

It remains to be seen, with more details, the reactions of the other world powers: China and Russia. For now they have expressed condemnation and concern, as well as warning how dangerous these events are for world peace.

The T-MEC review

The most important economic and strategic event of the year will be, on the other hand, the review next July of the T-MEC, mandatory, by the way, as established by the current treaty.

Donald Trump has threatened to let the trade agreement expire or impose high tariffs of up to 25 percent if crucial issues in his party political agenda, such as curbing immigration, the military fight against fentanyl trafficking and the growth of his trade deficit, are not addressed in the negotiations.

Mexico has responded with unprecedented deployments of national guards and customs reforms that have had a favorable impact, but so far the risk of a trade war has not been eliminated.

A favorable scenario would be the renewal with minor adjustments to the terms of relocation (nearshoring), in order to attract up to 45 billion dollars in foreign direct investment (FDI), while an unfavorable one would be to fall into a prolonged or disruptive process that would chill investments and further affect Mexican exports, 80 percent of which -as is known- go to the United States.

Sheinbaum has bet on highlighting the mutual benefits of the continuation of the T-MEC: record remittances (although already in decline), manufacturing integration, border control and nearshoring as a structural advantage that would require energy and logistics infrastructure to fully materialize.

There is no denying that the Sheinbaum administration has so far done a good job in the way it has handled its bilateral agenda with the United States. This has resulted in Mexico facing one of the lowest tariffs it has imposed on the entire world.

However, the revision of the treaty this year will be significantly more complex than the one that took place in 2018, as the U.S. government will have a greater concentration of power, a limited intention to listen to its interlocutors and, most likely, less flexibility at the negotiating table.

It is foreseeable, therefore, that the development of the negotiation will show us episodes in which failure is perceived and we will see the peso return to levels of 18 pesos per dollar, which apparently with Trump will be nuanced with kind and constructive statements than to levels below the 18 pesos per U.S. currency with which it closed 2025.

What about public finances?

Economic and financial analysts consulted by this column consider that in the conduct of public finances the government of Sheinbaum and her Secretary of Finance, Edgar Amador will have to juggle to with three objectives that, for greater complexity, overlap hinder each other: 1. To continue with the good management of 2025 and try to reach this year a fiscal deficit closer to four percent than five percent of GDP; 2. To endorse her commitment with Pemex and intervene in its very delicate productive and financial situation; and 3. To maintain the bulky program of social support to the population.

Fulfilling all three seems almost impossible, although they are equal priorities in the Q4 project.

For this reason, some analysts estimate that what could be a "predictable flight plan" would be that the government seeks to deliver a little of each of the three objectives: 1. To place the public deficit between four and four point five percent of the GDP; 2. Not to exceed the budget assigned to Pemex and to surgically monitor the development of the other financial schemes that will be supporting it without compromising the public balance; and 3. To guarantee that social programs grow more than inflation next year.

None of the priority objectives would reach their desired level, but would deliver something that would maintain Mexico's investment grade rating, some stability in country risk and the government's popularity ratings close to their current levels.

The impact of the World Cup

This year's World Cup will be very different for Mexico given that it shares venues with the United States and Canada and less than fifteen percent of the matches will be played in Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mexico City.

In this sense, it is unlikely that we will see a sustained boost in consumption and the services sector as a result of the World Cup. In any case, we should see some boost in consumption and the services sector in June and July.

The Mexican economy will have an extremely complex year in which the results it achieves will depend on the way it faces these multiple scenarios.

If the most feasible scenario comes true, i.e., a good management of the Venezuelan crisis, the successful negotiation of the T-MEC, modestly improving public finances, and a world soccer championship, how much will the Mexican economy grow?

In the last seven years it has seen a significant reduction in its potential growth, that is, the growth derived from the full utilization of its productive factors (labor, capital and technology). A relevant paradigm shift has occurred during this period, in which the Mexican economy has turned towards boosting household income through increases in the minimum wage and social programs, but at the expense of a deterioration in productivity and the collapse of physical investment. As a result, the Mexican economy went from a potential growth of between 2.0% and 2.5% to between 1.2% and 1.6%.

Given that the Mexican economy has slowed significantly over the last two years, it is unlikely that it will be able to grow at or above its potential. Therefore, it is foreseeable that Mexico's GDP will not be able to grow beyond 1.5% in 2026.

1. CRUCIAL REFORM. Among the crucial issues that Sheinbaum's government will have to face in 2026, there is the fact that as soon as this January or next February at the latest, the Executive and Legislative Powers will give course to a political-electoral reform that, from now on, confronts the government with the other political forces and not a few groups of the citizenship and that threatens with a greater polarization.

2. IS THE PRESIDENT AWARE OF THIS? After 18 years of strike, the leader of the miners' union, Napoleón Gómez Urrutia managed to reach an agreement to put an end to the labor conflict with Grupo México with the support of the federal government, as we reported here in previous issues. However, it is striking that the union leader was only invited to the signing of the agreement at the Ministry of the Interior, but was not invited to the morning conference at the National Palace or to the events that took place in Sonora with Governor Alfonso Durazo. Is President Claudia Sheinbaum aware of the mistreatment that Gómez Urrutia is receiving? Because it is not only a discourtesy, it is a sign of how in Morena some of its members are still on the side of the economic power and do not care about defending the workers, as the mining leader did for almost two decades, which even cost him exile for confronting a powerful business group, which continues to have allies in the fourth transformation.

3. CAPACITY TO REACT. Evelyn Salgado, Governor of Guerrero, demonstrated her experience in handling crises caused by natural disasters. Last Friday, from the first moment after the earthquake, she took command, activated the protocols and declared the State Council of Civil Protection in permanent session at the C5 in Acapulco, supervising the actions of attention to the citizens. Due to the 6.5 earthquake in Acapulco, restaurants and hotels did not report major damage to their infrastructure and the connectivity of the port functioned normally, both at the airport, the highway of the Sun and road communication tunnels. He also toured the tourist area of Acapulco and the municipality of San Marcos, where the earthquake was epicenter, verifying that tourism activities in the port are operating normally. Tourism in the port, which registered a hotel occupancy rate of 96.8%, was able to continue enjoying its beaches in complete safety.

raulrodriguezcortes.com.mx

Document NFINCE0020260104em14003hk




CE Noticias Financieras English
Mexico-Venezuela bilateral trade reached $236.3 million dollars in 2025: Economy

280 words
3 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Trade between Mexico and Venezuela registered a total of 236.3 million dollars, according to the platform of the Ministry of Economy (SE), Data Mexico. This figure is due to the fact that annual exports from Mexico to that country reached 205 million dollars, while monthly data as of October show sales of 17.5 million dollars to Venezuela, mainly in chemical products and binder preparations. Annual imports from Venezuela totaled 31.3 million dollars, and in the tenth month of the year there were 4.27 million dollars in seeds and oleaginous fruits.

Meanwhile, the annual net trade surplus for 2025 was 174 million dollars in favor of Mexico, while in October it was 13.2 million dollars.How was the trade exchange in 2024?the trade exchange in 2024 was 230.5 million dollars, and in that year the trade surplus of the national territory with that country was 205 thousand 349 million dollars, this derived from exports of 240 thousand 425 million dollars and imports of 35 thousand 077 million dollars. In 2024, Mexico's total exports to Venezuela reached 195.39 million dollars, with corn being the main sale with 39.7 million dollars. While total imports from Venezuela amounted to 35.1 million dollars, with seeds and oleaginous fruits standing out.Foreign Direct Investment from VenezuelaThe most recent data on Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) is from 2024, with 45.3 million dollars, which was concentrated in Quintana Roo, with 6.48 million dollars; Mexico City, with 5.35 million dollars; and Baja California Sur with 2.3 million dollars.

Document NFINCE0020260104em130007c




CE Noticias Financieras English
Trade between Mexico - Venezuela closes 2025 with $236.3 MDD

343 words
3 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City - Trade between Mexico and Venezuela closed the annual cycle with a total value of 236.3 million dollars, consolidating a favorable trend for the Mexican economy. According to official data from the Data Mexico platform of the Ministry of Economy (SE), the country maintained an export dominance that resulted in a net surplus of 174 million dollars. Exports and imports: The pulse of the exchange

The trade dynamism between the two countries was driven mainly by the sale of Mexican industrial products. Mexico's annual exports to the South American country reached US$205 million.

- Key sales: In the month of October alone, Mexico invoiced US$17.5 million, with shipments of chemical products and binder preparations standing out.

- Purchases from Venezuela: Annual imports from Venezuela totaled 31.3 million dollars. In October's monthly report, the purchase of oil seeds and oleaginous fruits for a value of US$4.27 million stood out. Comparison: Stability vs. 2024

Although overall trade showed a slight increase over the US$230.5 million recorded in 2024, the structure of sales has evolved. While in 2024 corn was the star product with sales of $39.7 million, the current cycle has seen a greater weight in the chemical sector.

It is notable that the surplus for Mexico has remained constant, allowing for a solid trade balance that, in the month of October 2025, showed a positive balance of 13.2 million dollars. Foreign Direct Investment (FDI)

In the area of investment, flows from Venezuela to Mexico maintain a strategic presence in the tourism and services sector. According to the most recent consolidated data:

- Total amount: 45.3 million dollars.

- Main destinations:

1. Quintana Roo: 6.48 million dollars.

2. Mexico City: $5.35 million dollars.

3. Baja California Sur: $2.3 million dollars.

This flow of capital underlines the interest of Venezuelan investors in the real estate and recreational market of the entities with the greatest tourism dynamism in Mexico.

Document NFINCE0020260104em13000dx




China Politics
LatAm rallies for stronger Global South cooperation against external pressures

1,418 words
3 January 2026
People's Daily Online
PEODEN
English
Copyright 2026. People's Daily & People's Daily Online 

An aerial drone photo shows a view of a breakwater at Chancay Port, Peru, on June 21, 2024. (Xinhua/Li Muzi)

MEXICO CITY, Jan. 2 (Xinhua) -- Over the past year, Latin America has been seeking stronger cooperation within the Global South to address a changing political landscape marked by a revival of right-wing powers and governance challenges.

Against the backdrop of growing external interference and hegemonic pressure, people in the region have been increasingly aware of the significance of safeguarding sovereignty and pursuing strategic autonomy. The idea of unity and cooperation in the Global South has also been gaining momentum.

Meanwhile, China, the world's biggest developing country, and Latin American countries have maintained frequent high-level exchanges, steadily strengthened practical cooperation across various fields, and taken solid steps to advance the building of a China-Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC) community with a shared future.

POLITICAL PENDULUM SWINGS TO RIGHT

In 2025, the political tensions between the left and the right in Latin America intensified, with the pendulum swinging to the right.

In Chile's recent election, the far-right party candidate won the presidential election. In Ecuador the presidential candidate of the right-wing party was re-elected, and Bolivia ended its nearly 20-year history of left-wing governance.

Meanwhile, the far-right ruling coalition in Argentina has further expanded its advantage in the parliamentary elections.

Analysts said that politics in Latin America has shifted markedly to the right as a result of the interplay of internal and external factors. Domestically, the countries that held elections this year were grappling with sluggish economic growth, limited improvements in living standards, and deteriorating public security leading up to the poll. In this context, right-wing parties have put forward targeted campaign platforms that have resonated with a frustrated electorate. Externally, the resurgence of conservative currents in the West -- reflected in the return of right-wing parties to power in several countries -- has produced a "demonstration effect" across Latin America.

Nevertheless, an analysis of the election situation in some LAC countries suggests the traditional ideological division between the "left and right" has gradually weakened. Voters' orientation has become more pragmatic, focusing more on governance capacity and practical solutions to issues such as the economy, employment, public security and people's livelihood.

The Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) predicted that the economy of the LAC would grow 2.4 percent in 2025. The industrial transformation for Latin American countries remained full of challenges due to sustained low economic growth, insufficient internal driving forces, and constraints from external factors such as the intervention by the United States.

In 2026, Costa Rica, Colombia, Peru, Brazil and other LAC countries will hold general elections. The election results will not only influence the domestic political trends of these countries, but may also have a profound impact on the regional political landscape and geopolitical pattern.

UNITY AGAINST INTERFERENCE

Since the start of his second term as U.S. president, Donald Trump has intensified intervention in Latin American affairs.

People participate in the opening of the People's Assembly for Peace and Sovereignty of Our America in Caracas, Venezuela, Dec. 9, 2025. (Photo by Marcos Salgado/Xinhua)

The U.S. National Security Strategy released in December advanced a "Trump corollary" to the Monroe Doctrine, calling for restored U.S. dominance in the Western Hemisphere and a readjustment of the U.S. military presence, which caused widespread alarm across Latin America.

In recent months, the United States has deployed large-scale air and naval forces near Venezuela under the pretext of combating "narco-terrorism." Thirty-five "drug trafficking vessels" have been sunk in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific, killing more than 115 people.

Venezuela has accused Washington of attempting to force regime change and expand its military presence in the region. The U.S. actions have also drawn opposition from Cuba, Colombia, Brazil and other countries.

After returning to the White House, Trump sparked controversy by renaming the Gulf of Mexico the "Gulf of America," repeatedly threatened to "take back" the Panama Canal, implemented harsh deportation policies, re-listed Cuba as a "state sponsor of terrorism," and openly intervened in elections in Argentina and Honduras in support of right-wing forces.

Washington's tariff hikes have also weighed heavily on Latin American economies. ECLAC reported that the new tariff measures significantly weaken the region's ability to attract foreign direct investment (FDI). In the first half of 2025, newly announced FDI projects in Latin America and the Caribbean totaled just 31.37 billion U.S. dollars -- down 53 percent year-on-year and 37 percent below the 2015-2024 average.

The United States has repeatedly weaponized tariffs for political purposes. This year, it threatened higher duties on Colombia over migration and counternarcotics issues, and wielded tariff pressure over the legal case involving former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro.

Confronted with unilateralism and hegemonic behavior, Latin American countries have strengthened their resistance to intervention and become more determined to safeguard regional peace and pursue development cooperation and integration.

At the April Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC) Summit in Honduras, members called for deeper regional integration and joint responses to U.S. tariff and migration pressures. In Ecuador's constitutional referendum in November, more than 60 percent of voters rejected the establishment of foreign military bases, signaling public opposition to possible U.S. military presence in the country.

CHINA-LAC COOPERATION OPENS NEW CHAPTER

In 2025, China and Latin America maintained close high-level engagement and deepened mutual trust. Heads of state of Latin American countries, including Brazilian President Lula and Grenadian Prime Minister Dickon Mitchell, have visited China, injecting strong momentum into bilateral ties.

Multilateral and regional cooperation also advanced. China formally became an observer state to the Andean Community, a move welcomed by member countries eager to expand cooperation. As the CELAC chair, Colombia joined the Belt and Road Initiative, in an apparent bid to strengthen ties with China and diversify diplomacy.

An electric and combustion dual-power train manufactured by China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRC) Qingdao Sifang Co., Ltd. awaits departure at the central station in Santiago, Chile, Jan. 19, 2024. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)

Eduardo Regalado, a researcher at the International Policy Research Center of Cuba, said the steady growth of China-LAC relations is a driving force for Global South self-reliance, creating trade, financial and technological pathways that benefit the developing world.

In December, China released its third Policy Paper on Latin America and the Caribbean, laying out goals and priority areas for cooperation under new circumstances.

The policy paper said China stands ready to join hands with Latin America and the Caribbean to promote the five programs on solidarity, development, civilization, peace and people-to-people connectivity to advance shared development and revitalization, and write a new chapter in building a China-LAC community with a shared future.

Marcos Pires, a professor of political economy at Sao Paulo State University, said the document is widely expected to inject new vitality into China-LAC ties and expand cooperation in technological innovation, the green economy and regional governance.

Across the region, Belt and Road cooperation has delivered tangible results.

At Peru's Chancay Port, South America's first green smart port, container throughput exceeded 270,000 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) in its first year of operation, while bulk cargo surpassed 1.366 million tons, making it Peru's third-largest port. The project has become a symbol of mutually beneficial China-LAC cooperation and improved regional connectivity.

In Cuba, all photovoltaic stations of the 35 MW Chinese-assisted solar project went online, boosting energy security and accelerating the green transition.

People-to-people exchanges have grown stronger, injecting new vitality into cultural dialogue. China and LAC countries have jointly advanced the Global Civilization Initiative and successfully held the 8th China-LatAm civilization dialogue.

China has granted visa-free access from June 1 to holders of ordinary passports from Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Peru and Uruguay -- boosting travel and mutual understanding.

China's high-quality development and high-standard opening-up offer greater cooperation opportunities for Global South nations, helping Latin America advance economic transformation and sustainable development while promoting the building of a China-LAC community with a shared future, said Juan Carlos Capunay, former executive director of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Secretariat and former Peruvian ambassador to China.

Document PEODEN0020260103em1300014




My 2026 predictions for Mexico: A perspective from our CEO

706 words
3 January 2026
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2026 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

After a news-filled 2025, we begin another important year for Mexico. If you didn’t check out the results of how I did versus my 2025 predictions, you can check it out here. What will 2026 have in store for Mexico? These are my 10 predictions for the year:

1. President Sheinbaum will continue to have a 70%-plus approval rating. Nearly every president sees their approval rating consistently decline during their term; I think Sheinbaum will be an exception as she continues to guide the country through difficult domestic and international issues.

2. Sheinbaum and her team will be successful in renewing the USMCA agreement with the U.S. and Canada in a way that maintains and even strengthens the relationship between the countries. There will be drama, there will be fireworks, but ultimately, the deal will get done.

3. Sheinbaum and her team will continue to make progress against the cartels and on violence in the country. After very limited results for six years under AMLO, a step change in actions and results began in 2025. We will see it continue in 2026. The country and the world will take notice.

4. The Mexican peso will finally start to follow the laws of economics and weaken against the USD. I predict that the peso will devalue at least 10% and finish above 20 pesos to the USD. Why? Slower economic growth, lower interest rates and higher inflation rates will all be contributors.

5. GDP growth, which is predicted to be between 1 and 1.5%, will surprise to the upside. I think 2% is possible, fueled by World Cup tourism spending, government infrastructure spending, help from U.S. growth and foreign direct investment.

How accurate were my 2025 predictions for Mexico? A perspective from our CEO

“How accurate were my 2025 predictions for Mexico? A perspective from our CEO” — Mexico News Daily

6. Mexico will make it out of the first round of the World Cup, but lose in the round of 16. Sorry Mexican fans, but I have seen it happen too many times before. That being said, Mexico will be a great host to the games and the world will take notice.

7. Tourism numbers will again hit a record, fueled by World Cup tourism and increased interest and excitement in the country’s many cities and attractions. Becoming a top 5 destination for tourists globally is in sight.

8. Continued tensions globally against China will make Mexico an increasingly attractive location for businesses to invest. As the U.S. receives more investment, Mexico will benefit as well. I think  foreign direct investment will again hit a record in 2026.

9. AMLO’s legacy projects will begin to show some increased momentum. The Felipe Ángeles airport in  Mexico City, the Dos Bocas refinery, the Interoceanic freight train, the Maya Train and the Tulum airport will all look like less “white elephant” projects than they did in 2025. They will all remain very far from profitability and expected capacity, but the momentum will be positive.

10. Sheinbaum will begin to make a positive dent in the energy industry. After largely ignoring the oil production (Pemex) and energy production (CFE) industries in 2025, she will begin to pressure them to reform and allow increased private investment. It will just be the start, but there will be a clear change in tone.

I will also add one “wild card” prediction. I think there is a strong possibility that there will be at least one drone strike against a fentanyl lab in Mexico. I don’t know if it will be done directly by the Trump administration, in coordination with the Sheinbaum administration, or solely by Mexico — but I think it will happen as the pressure is ratcheted up against the cartels.

What do you think? Do you agree with my predictions? Am I missing something? Please add your thoughts in the comments.

Travis Bembenek is the CEO ofMexico News Daily and has been living, working or playing in Mexico for nearly 30 years.

The post My 2026 predictions for Mexico: A perspective from our CEO appeared first on Mexico News Daily appeared first on 

Document MXNDEN0020260103em130005n




CENAFTAENG
Greater economic dynamism expected in 2026 due to T-MEC review and the World Cup

INCOMEX 
436 words
2 January 2026
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

The business sector anticipates that 2026 will be a year of economic momentum for Mexico, derived from two main factors: the revision of the Treaty between Mexico, the United States and Canada (T-MEC) and the economic spillover from the World Cup.

The National Chamber of Commerce, Services and Tourism of Mexico City (Canaco CdMx) highlighted that the review of the trade agreement will reactivate investment projects and strengthen productive chains in North America, while the World Cup will represent an unprecedented economic catalyst, with an estimated spill of more than 3 billion dollars.

The Mexican Council for Foreign Trade, Investment and Technology (Comce) stated that the T-MEC will be a key factor in sustaining foreign direct investment (FDI) in 2026, which could reach 45 billion dollars, compared to the 43.2 billion registered in 2025.

From January to September 2025, capital from the United States represented 39.46% of the total, followed by Spain (14.09%) and Japan (7.05%).

Comce also projected that Mexican exports could reach 700 billion dollars in 2026, compared to the 660 billion estimated for 2025, driven by Industry 4.0, automation and robotics.

It also anticipated that private investment will benefit from a gradual reduction in interest rates, which will be at 6.5%, despite a slight global inflationary upturn.

The Canaco CdMx forecasts economic growth of 1.5% for 2026, the creation of 400 thousand formal jobs and inflation close to 3%. Trade could grow between 4% and 4.5%, driven by the recovery of consumption and the impact of the World Cup, while tourism would register an increase of 5.1% due to the arrival of domestic and foreign visitors.

In contrast, the Mexican economy closed 2025 with a growth close to 0.5%, affected by the weakness of productive investment and the low dynamism of consumption.

However, the Canaco highlighted positive factors such as the stability of the peso, the containment of inflation, the historical levels of international reserves and the reduction of interest rates, which alleviate the financial costs of companies and families.

For Mexico City, the Canaco identified as the main challenges for 2026 the promotion of investment, the strengthening of formal employment and the modernization of trade and services, in order to consolidate the capital as a strategic node in the context of nearshoring and international showcase during the World Cup.

He also stressed the importance of guaranteeing logistical infrastructure, legal security and job training to take full advantage of next year's economic potential.

Document NAFTA00020260102em120008g




Mexico’s Pharmaceutical Industry Anchors Growth, Modernization

Aura Moreno 
914 words
2 January 2026
Mexico Business News
MEXBUS
English
© 2026 mexicobusiness.news. A Mexico Business company. All Rights Reserved. 

Mexico’s pharmaceutical industry continues to consolidate its role as a driver of economic activity, employment, and healthcare access, while adapting to changes in primary care delivery, international market dynamics, and digital transformation across the value chain.

Despite recurring public debate over pricing and access, Mexico’s pharmaceutical industry represents one of the country’s most dynamic productive pillars, reports CANIFARMA. In 2024, the pharmaceutical industry and the broader health sector accounted for about 5.1% of national gross domestic product, according to industry data. As of 2Q24, GDP related specifically to pharmaceutical manufacturing reached MX$6.58 trillion (US$365.8 billion).

Mexico’s pharmaceutical market ranks as the second largest in Latin America, after Brazil, and the 12th globally. The sector generated more than 2.17 million direct and indirect jobs in 2024, with average compensation exceeding the manufacturing industry mean. Employment quality is further reflected in a higher-than-average share of postgraduate-trained personnel and a proportionally stronger presence of women in management and executive roles compared with other manufacturing segments.

Foreign direct investment remains part of the industry’s footprint. Between January and September 2024, wholesale pharmaceutical trade attracted nearly US$85 million in foreign investment, highlights CANIFARMA. Human-use medicines account for more than 70% of total sales, followed by medical devices and veterinary products. Most pharmaceutical production, about 90%, is destined for the domestic market, positioning Mexico as a regional logistics and supply hub.

The sector’s economic reach extends beyond manufacturing. The pharmaceutical industry is directly linked to 161 of the 259 economic branches in Mexico’s input-output matrix, or roughly 62% of all industrial and service activities. For every MX$100 (US$5.56) produced, about MX$53 (US$2.95) corresponds to gross value added, reflecting a level above many other manufacturing activities and indicating a capacity for transformation rather than simple assembly.

Primary care delivery has also evolved. According to Marcos Pascual, CEO, Asesorías en Farmacias, clinics adjacent to private pharmacies are expanding their role within Mexico’s health system. Roughly 20,000 such clinics operate within a network of about 50,000 private pharmacies nationwide, concentrated mainly in Mexico City, Guadalajara, and Monterrey. These clinics already provide close to 10 million consultations per month and are projected to grow by about 11% in 2025.

The model is based on immediacy and affordability. Consultations typically cost about MX$50 (US$2.78), allowing patients to avoid long wait times common in public facilities. Pharmacy clinics are expected to expand into diagnostic services and short-stay outpatient procedures, adding capacity to the primary care network. Pascual says that between 80% and 90% of users report being satisfied with the clinics, based on waiting times, cost, and care received.

Federal policy has also turned attention to this segment. President Claudia Sheinbaum recently announced the creation of 5,000 pharmacy-linked clinics in partnership with Welfare Banks, targeting rural and marginalized communities. Industry representatives argue that private clinics can complement public services and contribute data useful for prevention strategies related to chronic diseases such as diabetes and hypertension.

Beyond domestic care delivery, Mexico’s pharmaceutical ecosystem intersects with the medical devices industry, which has shown sustained growth. According to the National Association of Health Providers, cited by Pascual, Mexican manufacturing represents roughly 8.7% of a global medical devices market valued at about US$254 billion. In 2024, the sector attracted US$678 million in foreign investment and accounted for 3.6% of Mexico’s total exports, with 64% shipped to the United States.

While the local market grows, Mexican pharmaceutical companies are also exploring international expansion. Enrique Remezal, CEO, icon Group/Avanzia Pharma, points to the European Union as a high-value but complex market. The region accounted for nearly 23% of global prescription drug sales in 2024, with spending expected to rise through 2029 despite pricing pressure and patent expirations. For Latin American manufacturers, opportunities exist in generics, biosimilars, niche hospital products, and consumer health, but entry requires compliance with strict regulatory, quality, and market access frameworks.

Digital transformation is another area shaping competitiveness. Pedro Alvarez, CEO and Founder, TS4 Strategy, says that the industry is facing a choice between maintaining heavily regulated legacy processes or accelerating toward data-driven value chains. Consulting studies estimate that Generative AI could contribute up to US$110 billion annually to the pharmaceutical sector through applications in research, operations, and commercialization.

Digital tools such as telemonitoring, wearable devices, and real-world data platforms are increasingly integrated into clinical trials and supply chains. Industry investment in cloud computing, analytics, and automation is expected to remain a priority through 2026. However, executives also face challenges related to data governance, cybersecurity, regulatory compliance, and talent shortages, particularly in areas such as machine learning and digital regulation.

Mexico has begun addressing governance questions around AI. A federal bill presented in February 2024 proposes classifying AI systems by risk level and imposing oversight requirements on high-risk applications, including those in healthcare. Industry observers note that regulation aims to balance control with the ethical and responsible adoption of new technologies.

Taken together, these trends position Mexico’s pharmaceutical industry at the intersection of healthcare delivery, industrial policy and digital modernization. The sector’s contribution to GDP, employment and investment remains significant, while new care models, international strategies, and digital capabilities continue to shape its role in the broader economy.

Click to view image.

Document MEXBUS0020260102em12000m9




CE Noticias Financieras English
Mexico's tourism closes 2025 with record growth and high visitor confidence

423 words
2 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

The Secretary of Tourism, Josefina Rodríguez Zamora, informed that the closing of 2025 confirmed a growth above the world average, with high hotel occupancy, records in traditional destinations and a sustained expansion towards consolidated and emerging tourist poles, with emphasis on the Mexican Caribbean, the Pacific and domestic tourism.

READ ALSO: Earthquake shakes Mexico City today Friday, January 2, 2026

He detailed that the winter vacation period surpassed initial forecasts, going from an estimate of 4.93 million tourists to a preliminary figure of 5.30 million, which represented an increase of 7.5 percent.

Official figures indicated that between December 20, 2025 and January 11, 2026, hotel occupancy reached up to 90 percent, with higher peaks in several beach destinations and resorts with consolidated air connectivity.

Estimated tourism growth for the end of 2025 stood at 6.6 percent, which represented around three million additional tourists with respect to the previous year, a figure higher than the global average forecast by international organizations.

Foreign direct investment in tourism reached 787.6 million dollars during the third quarter of 2025, an increase of 40.3 percent, mainly concentrated in lodging projects with integrated services and new tourism experiences.

Tourism Gross Domestic Product totaled 2.71 trillion pesos in 2024, equivalent to 8.7 percent of the national GDP, consolidating the sector as a structural component of economic growth.

In the Mexican Caribbean, indicators exceeded expectations, with sustained increases in tourist arrivals to Cancun, Riviera Maya and Tulum during the winter season.

Cancun went from 432,755 tourists in 2024 to 455,691 in 2025, a growth of 5.3 percent, while Riviera Maya increased 5.6 percent, from 321,698 to 339,729 visitors.

Tulum registered a moderate but sustained increase, from 139,629 tourists in 2024 to 141,305 in 2025, reflecting stable demand in a destination with capacity restrictions and an environmental focus.

Nationally, domestic tourism grew 3.3 percent between January and October, while Mexico received 79.3 million international visitors, with the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom as the main source markets.

The balance highlighted that tourism activity maintained a territorial expansion, with a high response in Pacific destinations such as Acapulco and Mazatlán, and with an economic spill that reinforced employment, hotel occupancy and air connectivity in various regions of the country.

The post Tourism in Mexico closes 2025 with record growth and high visitor confidence first appeared on Ovaciones.

Document NFINCE0020260102em12006d2




OVMX
Turismo en México cierra 2025 con crecimiento récord y alta confianza de visitantes

Roberto Cortez 
479 words
2 January 2026
Diario Ovaciones
DROOVS
Spanish
Copyright 2026 Organización Editorial Mexicana 

La secretaria de Turismo, Josefina Rodríguez Zamora, informó que el cierre de 2025 confirmó un crecimiento por encima del promedio mundial, con alta ocupación hotelera, récords en destinos tradicionales y una expansión sostenida hacia polos turísticos consolidados y emergentes, con énfasis en el Caribe mexicano, el Pacífico y el turismo nacional.

LEE ADEMÁS: Sismo sacude la CDMX hoy viernes 2 de enero de 2026

Detalló que el periodo vacacional de invierno superó las previsiones iniciales, al pasar de una estimación de 4.93 millones de turistas a una cifra preliminar de 5.30 millones, lo que representó un incremento de 7.5 por ciento.

Las cifras oficiales indicaron que entre el 20 de diciembre de 2025 y el 11 de enero de 2026, la ocupación hotelera alcanzó hasta 90 por ciento, con picos superiores en diversos destinos de playa y centros turísticos con conectividad aérea consolidada.

El crecimiento turístico estimado para el cierre de 2025 se ubicó en 6.6 por ciento, lo que representó alrededor de tres millones de turistas adicionales respecto al año previo, cifra superior al promedio global previsto por organismos internacionales.

La inversión extranjera directa turística alcanzó 787.6 millones de dólares durante el tercer trimestre de 2025, con un aumento de 40.3 por ciento, concentrada principalmente en proyectos de hospedaje con servicios integrados y nuevas experiencias turísticas.

El Producto Interno Bruto turístico sumó 2.71 billones de pesos en 2024, equivalente al 8.7 por ciento del PIB nacional, consolidando al sector como un componente estructural del crecimiento económico.

En el Caribe mexicano, los indicadores superaron las expectativas, con aumentos sostenidos en la llegada de turistas a Cancún, Riviera Maya y Tulum durante la temporada invernal.

Cancún pasó de 432 mil 755 turistas en 2024 a 455 mil 691 en 2025, lo que significó un crecimiento de 5.3 por ciento, mientras que Riviera Maya aumentó 5.6 por ciento, al pasar de 321 mil 698 a 339 mil 729 visitantes.

Tulum registró un incremento moderado pero sostenido, al pasar de 139 mil 629 turistas en 2024 a 141 mil 305 en 2025, lo que reflejó una demanda estable en un destino con restricciones de capacidad y enfoque ambiental.

A nivel nacional, el turismo interno creció 3.3 por ciento entre enero y octubre, mientras que México recibió 79.3 millones de visitantes internacionales, con Estados Unidos, Canadá y Reino Unido como principales mercados emisores.

El balance subrayó que la actividad turística mantuvo una expansión territorial, con alta respuesta en destinos del Pacífico como Acapulco y Mazatlán, y con una derrama económica que reforzó el empleo, la ocupación hotelera y la conectividad aérea en diversas regiones del país.

The post Turismo en México cierra 2025 con crecimiento récord y alta confianza de visitantes first appeared on Ovaciones.

Document DROOVS0020260102em12000dz




Today in History for Jan. 16:

The Canadian Press  
1,848 words
2 January 2026
05:01
The Canadian Press - Broadcast wire
BNW
English
(c) 2026 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 

Today in History for Jan. 16:

In 1543, the British Parliament prohibited any ``women or artificer's prentices, journeymen, servingmen of the degree of yeoman, or under, husbandmen or labourers to read the New Testament in English.''

In 1545, Georg Spalatin, German reformer and friend of Martin Luther, died. Spalatin's court life allowed him to give secular government a better understanding of Luther's ideas.

In 1547, Ivan the Terrible was crowned the first czar of Russia.

In 1637, the Company of New France was given a grant for the establishment of a nunnery at Quebec.

In 1642, French settlers were given land in Acadia.

In 1866, clamp-on roller skates were patented.

In 1874, Robert Service, known as the ``Poet of the Yukon,'' was born in Preston, England. The author of such works as ``The Cremation of Sam McGee'' died in 1958.

In 1905, the Ottawa Silver Seven routed the visiting team from Dawson City, Yukon, 23-2 to win the Stanley Cup. Ottawa's Frank McGee scored 14 goals in the most lopsided game in Stanley Cup history.

In 1906, Britain relinquished control of the naval bases at Halifax and Esquimault, B.C., turning them over to Canada.

In 1908, the Manitoba government took over the province's telephone system.

In 1919, pianist and statesman Ignacy Jan Paderewski became the first premier of the newly created republic of Poland.

In 1920, the first meeting of the League of Nations (the forerunner of the United Nations) began in Paris.

In 1920, prohibition began in the United States. It ended in 1933.

In 1927, 17-year-old Toronto swimmer George Young became the first person to cross the 35 kilometres from Santa Catalina Island to Los Angeles. He needed 15 hours and 45 minutes to complete the swim, which earned him $25,000.

In 1939, the first ``Superman'' comic strip by Toronto-born Joe Shuster appeared.

In 1944, General Dwight D. Eisenhower took command of the Allied Expeditionary Forces in London.

In 1956, the first jet flight was made across Canada from Vancouver to Dartmouth, N.S.

In 1958, Lester Pearson became leader of the federal Liberal party, succeeding Louis St. Laurent.

In 1965, Prime Minister Lester Pearson and U.S. President Lyndon Johnson signed the Canada-U.S. Automotive Agreement. The Auto Pact, as it became known, provided a large measure of free trade in motor vehicles and parts between the two countries. It also produced a major boost for the Canadian auto industry over the next 35 years. The Auto Pact died Feb. 19, 2001, after the World Trade Organization ruled it violated international trade laws.

In 1969, the Soviet spaceships ``Soyuz 4'' and ``Soyuz 5'' became the first vehicles to dock in space and transfer personnel.

In 1970, Ottawa announced plans to convert the country from the Imperial to the Metric system of measurement. A special commission was appointed to oversee the introduction of metric, or the International System of Units.

In 1970, Moammar Gadhafi became ruler of Libya following a military coup.

In 1972, Justin Pierre James Trudeau, the first prime ministerial baby born in more than 100 years, was baptized at Notre-Dame Basilica in Ottawa.

In 1979, the Shah of Iran left his country for what became a permanent self-imposed exile.

In 1981, the entire staff of El Salvador's embassy in Nicaragua, including the ambassador, resigned to join anti-government forces.

In 1984, Chinese Premier Zhao Ziyang arrived in Ottawa for a week-long visit and was greeted with full military honours.

In 1991, the Persian Gulf War began when jet fighters from the U.S.-led coalition bombed Baghdad. Because of the time difference, it was the early morning of Jan. 17 in the Persian Gulf when the attack began. A defiant Iraqi president Saddam Hussein promised to wage ``the mother of all battles.''

In 1992, the Salvadorean government and FMLN rebel leaders signed an agreement in Mexico City, putting a formal end to 12 years of civil war that left at least 75,000 people dead.

In 1998, 21 sailors drowned and four were rescued from a Cypriot-registered ship, ``Flare,'' that broke in half and sank in the stormy North Atlantic, southwest of St. Pierre and Miquelon.

In 2003, the space shuttle ``Columbia'' blasted off. On board was Israel's first astronaut, Ilan Ramon. The mission ended in tragedy on Feb. 1, when the shuttle broke up during its return descent, killing all seven crew members.

In 2005, a 66-year-old Romanian woman gave birth to a baby girl, becoming the oldest mother ever.

In 2010, Sgt. John Faught, 44, of the 1st Battalion Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry based in Edmonton, was killed in the Panjwaii district of Afghanistan after stepping on an IED.

In 2012, Canadian naval intelligence officer Sub.-Lt. Jeffrey Paul Delisle was charged with two counts of breaching the Security of Information Act by allegedly passing secrets to a foreign entity. It was the first charge under that section of the act since it was passed after the 9-11 attacks in the U.S. (In October, Delisle pleaded guilty to all the espionage charges he was facing and was later sentenced to 20 years in prison.)

In 2013, Mali-based al-Qaida-linked militants raided a remote Algerian natural gas plant beginning a four-day hostage standoff. Algerian specials forces stormed the plant, killing 32 militants, including two Canadians; at least 40 hostages of various nationalities died in the standoff.

In 2013, Pauline Friedman Phillips, who as Dear Abby dispensed snappy, sometimes saucy advice on love, marriage and meddling mothers-in-law to millions of newspaper readers around the world, died after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease. She was 94.

In 2013, regulators in the U.S., Japan, India and Europe temporarily grounded and ordered a safety review of all 787 Dreamliners, Boeing's newest and most technologically advanced plane, after a series of problems with the lithium-ion batteries. Flights resumed in late April after the FAA approved Boeing's redesigned battery system.

In 2016, the UN nuclear agency certified that Iran had met all of its commitments under a landmark deal, prompting the West to lift economic sanctions that had been in place for years.

In 2016, Taiwan elected Tsai Ing-wen as its first female president, handing her pro-independence party its first majority in the national legislature.

In 2019, British Prime Minister Theresa May survived a no-confidence vote in Parliament _ but saw more of her power ebb away as she battled to keep Brexit on track after lawmakers demolished her European Union divorce deal. May won a narrow victory on an opposition motion seeking to topple her government and trigger a general election.

In 2019, Foreign Ministry officials in Burkina Faso confirmed Canadian mining company executive Kirk Woodman was found dead after being kidnapped in the west African country's northern Sahel region. Woodman, who was from Halifax, worked for the Vancouver-based Progress Mineral Mining Company. West Africa's Sahel region had seen a number of abductions of foreigners in recent years by extremists linked to al-Qaida or the Islamic State organization.

In 2020, the U.S. Senate overwhelmingly approved the long-awaited U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement by a vote of 89-10.

In 2020, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled unanimously against British Columbia's attempt to block the flow of heavy oil through an expanded Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta. The ruling gave the project the green light to proceed.

In 2020, former prime minister Stephen Harper resigned as a director of the fundraising arm of the federal Conservative party, a post that would have required him to remain neutral in the party's leadership race. Sources said the decision to step aside from the Conservative Fund dated back months and was linked to Harper's concerns he occupies too large a role in the party's operations.

In 2021, Canada surpassed 700-thousand cases of COVID-19.

In 2022, Ottawa told Canadians not to take any non-essential trips to Ukraine. The change in risk level was due to the buildup of Russian troops near the country's border. Canadians who were in Ukraine for non-essential purposes were being told to consider leaving.

In 2022, one of the last surviving Tuskegee Airmen died. Charles McGee, who flew fighter combat missions over three wars, was 102. A family member said McGee died at his home in Bethesda, Md. The Tuskegee Airmen was the nickname of the first African American unit to fly combat airplanes. They flew in the Second World War, Korea and Vietnam.

In 2024, New York architect Rex Heuermann, accused in the Gilgo Beach killings, was formally charged in the death of Maureen Brainard-Barnes, a Connecticut woman who vanished in 2007. Her remains were found more than three years later along a coastal highway in New York. Heuermann, arrested in July in the deaths of three other women, insisted he is innocent of all charges.

In 2024, Alberta NDP Leader Rachel Notley announced she is stepping down after almost a decade in the role, but planned to stay on as leader until her replacement is chosen.

In 2024, thousands of teachers in Saskatchewan were striking across the province to push the government to bargain on key demands. Saskatchewan Teachers' Federation president Samantha Becotte said teachers want the province to address critical issues, such as classroom sizes and support for students with higher needs.

In 2024, a Jean Chrétien-era effort to soften the United Nations Indigenous language was casting a pall on the current Liberal government. Newly released Australian cabinet documents from 2003 showed the two countries worked together on putting forward a softer version of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which was amended before it was adopted by the UN in 2007-- with Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the United States the only countries to vote against it.

In 2025, a Major League Baseball broadcast legend who earned the moniker "Mr. Baseball" during his playing career died. Hall of Famer Bob Ueker was 90.

In 2025, former Bank of Canada governor Mark Carney launched his bid for the leadership of the federal Liberal party. Carney's announcement at an Edmonton community centre ended nearly a decade of speculation about his political ambitions.

In 2025, a 12-year-old chess prodigy from Ontario became Canada's youngest international master. Aaron Reeve Mendes came in first at the 2024 North American Youth Chess Championship held the previous month in Virginia. Mendes spent his early childhood in India, where he said his parents and teachers supported him in his chess journey. The young player and his sister both became Canadian citizens last in 2024.

In 2025, award-winning British stage actor Joan Plowright, the widow of Laurence Olivier, died. She was 95. Her family says Plowright died at a retirement home for actors in southern England, surrounded by her loved ones.

----

Document BNW0000020260102em12003e9




CE Noticias Financieras English
Mexico 2026: challenges and the impact of the World Cup

575 words
2 January 2026
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

As 2026 approaches, Mexico faces a key year marked by the implementation of structural reforms, moderate economic growth, persistent security challenges and a pivotal review of the North American trade agreement. Projections from agencies such as the OECD, BBVA and Banxico point to a cautious recovery outlook, with significant external risks.

Under the administration of President Claudia Sheinbaum, the country seeks to consolidate advances in social welfare while navigating global uncertainties, including Donald Trump's policies in the United States and the impact of the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

On the political front, 2026 will test the judicial reform approved in 2025, which introduced the popular election of judges and magistrates. Its full implementation, including the transition to the new administrative body and the integration of disciplinary courts, will generate debates on judicial independence and efficiency.

Morena's supermajority will facilitate advances in social agenda, such as expansion of pension and scholarship programs, albeit with fiscal restrictions. Polarization could intensify if controversies arise in the implementation of reforms, but the focus on transparent governance will seek to mitigate protests. Mid-term local elections will influence national discourse, prioritizing institutional stability.

Near-shoring continues to be an opportunity, attracting foreign investment despite the uncertainty of U.S. tariffs.

Remittances, in excess of US$60 billion annually, will offer stability, although vulnerable to US immigration policies.

The 2026 FIFA World Cup, with 13 matches in Mexico, will inject up to 3 billion dollars in tourism, hotels and services, benefiting host cities such as Mexico City, Guadalajara and Monterrey.

Co-hosting the World Cup with the US and Canada offers a platform for "soft power", promoting cultural and tourist image; however, risks include exchange rate volatility and pressures from trade revisions.

The World Cup will require reinforcements in urban security, with extraordinary resources for venues, enhancing positive perception if managed effectively.

High levels of violence persist in the country, with an emphasis on reducing extortion as a priority for 2026. Sheinbaum's strategy combines attention to social causes, intelligence and strengthening of the National Guard, achieving reductions in intentional homicides in some states.

Another great challenge is to clean up the collapsed health system, stop stigmatizing to guarantee the supply of medicines. There must be a real investment in this sector.

The construction, maintenance and functionality of clinics, laboratories and hospitals must be encouraged. Hiring personnel to meet the demand of beneficiaries. We will never have a system like Denmark's, but Mexicans deserve a dignified and efficient health service.

In international relations, the central focus will be the review of the T-MEC in July 2026, a high risk process under the Trump Administration. U.S. demands for controls on Chinese investment, migration and drugs could lead to tense renegotiations, threatening exports of more than 400 billion dollars.

Mexico will prioritize pragmatic diplomacy to preserve benefits, diversifying into Europe and Asia.

There are significant challenges, but there is also a desire to get things done, without a doubt.

2026 offers Mexico opportunities for inclusive growth and global visibility via the World Cup and consolidation of reforms, but requires skillful navigation in the face of external pressures and internal challenges.

Dialogue and balanced policies will be essential for the progress we all desire.

Have a good weekend, the phrase: Don't wait for something to happen, get up and make it happen. Cheer up!

Document NFINCE0020260102em12005e8




Capital Group US Equity Fund - Post-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement by  Investment  Company (Form 485BPOS)

Capital Group US Equity Fund published this content on December 31, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 31, 2025 at 15:20 UTC. 
55,844 words
31 December 2025
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2025. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Post-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement by Investment Company (Form 485BPOS)

SEC File Nos. 333-233376

811-23469

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM N-1A

Registration Statement

Under

the Securities Act of 1933

Post-Effective Amendment No. 9

and

Registration Statement

Under

the Investment Company Act of 1940

Amendment No. 10

CAPITAL GROUP U.S. EQUITY FUND

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

6455 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, California 92618-4518

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:

(213) 486-9200

Jennifer L. Butler, Secretary

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

333 South Hope Street

Los Angeles, California 90071-1406

(Name and Address of Agent for Service)

Copies to:

Mark D. Perlow

Dechert LLP

45 Fremont Street, 26th Floor

San Francisco, California 94105-2223

(Counsel for the Registrant)

Approximate date of proposed public offering:

It is proposed that this filing become effective on January 1, 2026, pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485.

                                                         
Capital Group U.S. Equity FundProspectusJanuary 1, 2026  


                                 
                                 Ticker 
Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund   CUSEX 


Table of contents

Investment objective 1

Fees and expenses of the fund 1

Principal investment strategies 1

Principal risks 2

Investment results 3

Management 4

Purchase and sale of fund shares 4

Tax information 4

Investment objectives, strategies and risks 5

Management and organization 7

Purchase, exchange and sales of shares 9

How to sell shares 10

Distributions and taxes 12

Fund expenses 12

Financial highlights 13

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not approved or disapproved of these securities. Further, it has not determined that this prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

Investment objective The fund seeks to provide prudent growth of capital and conservation of principal.

Fees and expenses of the fund This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy, hold and sell shares of the fund. You may pay other fees to financial intermediaries, which are not reflected in the tables and examples below.

                                                                                       
Shareholder fees(fees paid directly from your investment)
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on purchases (as a percentage of offering price)   none 
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) (as a percentage of the amount redeemed)          none 
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on reinvested dividends                            none 
Redemption or exchange fees                                                            none 


                                           
Annual fund operating expenses(expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the net asset value of your investment)
Management fees                            0.43% 
Distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees   none 
Other expenses                             0.00 
Total annual fund operating expenses       0.43 


Example This example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds.

The example assumes that you invest $10,000 in the fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem or hold all of your shares at the end of those periods. The example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the fund's operating expenses remain the same. Although your actual costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

                             
1 year   3 years   5 years   10 years 
$44      $138      $241      $542 


Portfolio turnover The fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the fund's investment results. During the most recent fiscal year, the fund's portfolio turnover rate was 26% of the average value of its portfolio.

Principal investment strategies The fund invests primarily in common stocks of U.S. issuers that the investment adviser believes have the potential for growth, many of which have the potential to pay dividends. Under normal market conditions, the fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in equity-type securities and at least 80% of its net assets in securities of issuers in the United States. Investments may include U.S. registered securities of issuers outside of the United States such as American Depositary Receipts.

In pursuing the fund's objectives, the fund's investment adviser focuses primarily on companies with attributes that are associated with long-term growth and resilience to market declines, such as strong management, participation in a growing market, strong balance sheets, payment of dividends and the potential for above average growth in earnings, revenues, book value, cash flow and/or return on assets.

The investment adviser uses a system of multiple portfolio managers in managing the fund's assets. Under this approach, the portfolio of the fund is divided into segments managed by individual managers.

The fund relies on the professional judgment of its investment adviser to make decisions about the fund's portfolio investments. The basic investment philosophy of the investment adviser is to seek to invest in attractively valued companies that, in its opinion, represent good, long-term investment opportunities. Securities may be sold when the investment adviser believes that they no longer represent relatively attractive investment opportunities.

1 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

Principal risks

This section describes the principal risks associated with investing in the fund. You may lose money by investing in the fund. The likelihood of loss may be greater if you invest for a shorter period of time.

Market conditions - The prices of, and the income generated by, the securities held by the fund may decline - sometimes rapidly or unpredictably - due to various factors, including events or conditions affecting the general economy or particular industries or companies; overall market changes; local, regional or global political, social or economic instability; governmental, governmental agency or central bank responses to economic conditions; levels of public debt and deficits; changes in inflation rates; and currency exchange rate, interest rate and commodity price fluctuations.

Economies and financial markets throughout the world are highly interconnected. Economic, financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, wars, terrorism, cybersecurity events, natural disasters, public health emergencies (such as the spread of infectious disease), bank failures and other circumstances in one country or region, including actions taken by governmental or quasi-governmental authorities in response to any of the foregoing, could have impacts on global economies or markets. As a result, whether or not the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries affected, the value and liquidity of the fund's investments may be negatively affected by developments in other countries and regions.

Issuer risks - The prices of, and the income generated by, securities held by the fund may decline in response to various factors directly related to the issuers of such securities, including reduced demand for an issuer's goods or services, poor management performance, major litigation, investigations or other controversies related to the issuer, changes in the issuer's financial condition or credit rating, changes in government regulations affecting the issuer or its competitive environment and strategic initiatives such as mergers, acquisitions or dispositions and the market response to any such initiatives. An individual security may also be affected by factors relating to the industry or sector of the issuer or the securities markets as a whole, and conversely an industry or sector or the securities markets may be affected by a change in financial condition or other event affecting a single issuer.

Investing in growth-oriented stocks - Growth-oriented common stocks and other equity-type securities (such as preferred stocks, convertible preferred stocks and convertible bonds) may involve larger price swings and greater potential for loss than other types of investments.

Investing in income-oriented stocks - The value of the fund's securities and income provided by the fund may be reduced by changes in the dividend policies of, and the capital resources available for dividend payments at, the companies in which the fund invests.

Investing outside the United States - Securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States or with significant operations or revenues outside the United States, and securities tied economically to countries outside the United States, may lose value because of adverse political, social, economic or market developments (including social instability, regional conflicts, terrorism and war) in the countries or regions in which the issuers are domiciled, operate or generate revenue or to which the securities are tied economically. These securities may also lose value due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar and/or currencies of other countries. Issuers of these securities may be more susceptible to actions of foreign governments, such as nationalization, currency blockage or the imposition of price controls, sanctions, or punitive taxes, each of which could adversely impact the value of these securities. Securities markets in certain countries may be more volatile and/or less liquid than those in the United States. Investments outside the United States may also be subject to different regulatory, legal, accounting, auditing, financial reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and may be more difficult to value, than those in the United States. In addition, the value of investments outside the United States may be reduced by foreign taxes, including foreign withholding taxes on interest and dividends. Further, there may be increased risks of delayed settlement of securities purchased or sold by the fund, which could impact the liquidity of the fund's portfolio. The risks of investing outside the United States may be heightened in connection with investments in emerging markets.

Management - The investment adviser to the fund actively manages the fund's investments. Consequently, the fund is subject to the risk that the methods and analyses, including models, tools and data, employed by the investment adviser in this process may be flawed or incorrect and may not produce the desired results. This could cause the fund to lose value or its investment results to lag relevant benchmarks or other funds with similar objectives.

Your investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. You should consider how this fund fits into your overall investment program.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 2

Investment results The following bar chart shows how the fund's investment results have varied from year to year, and the following table shows how the fund's average annual total returns for various periods compare with a broad measure of securities market results and, if applicable, other measures of market results that reflect the fund's investment universe and other applicable measures of market results. This information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the fund. Past investment results (before and after taxes) are not predictive of future investment results. Updated information on the fund's investment results can be obtained by calling the fund's transfer agent at (800) 421-4996.

                                                                                                                     
Average annual total returns For the periods ended December 31, 2024: 
                                                         Inception date   1 year   5 years   10 years   Lifetime   
? Before taxes                                           4/1/2011         20.99%   12.32%    11.97%     11.77%     
? After taxes on distributions                                            18.38    10.75     10.42      N/A        
? After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares   14.08            9.52     9.45      N/A 


                                                                                                                               
Indexes                                                                                          1 year   5 years   10 years   Lifetime 
S&P 500 Index (reflects no deductions for account fees, expenses or U.S. federal income taxes)   25.02%   14.53%    13.10%     13.55% 
The fund's annualized 30-day yield at October 31, 2025: 0.69%(For current yield information, please call the fund's transfer agent at (800) 421-4996.) 


The fund was organized for the purpose of effecting the reorganization of Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (the "predecessor fund") into a new Delaware statutory trust. The fund acquired the assets and assumed the liabilities of the predecessor fund on November 8, 2019, and the predecessor fund is the accounting and performance survivor of the reorganization. This means that the predecessor fund's performance and financial history have been adopted by the fund and will be used going forward from the date of reorganization. Except where the context indicates otherwise, all references herein to the "fund" include the predecessor fund prior to November 8, 2019. In connection with the reorganization, former shareholders of the predecessor fund received shares of the fund. The performance of the fund includes the performance of the predecessor fund prior to the reorganization. The inception date shown in the table for the fund is that of the predecessor fund.

After-tax returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect during each year of the periods shown and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your individual tax situation and likely will differ from the results shown above. In addition, after-tax returns are not relevant if you hold your fund shares through a tax-favored arrangement, such as a 401(k) plan or individual retirement account (IRA).

3 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

Management

Investment adviser Capital Research and Management Company

Portfolio managers The individuals primarily responsible for the portfolio management of the fund are:

                                                                                    
Portfolio manager/Fund title (if applicable)  Portfolio managerin this fund since:  Primary titlewith investment adviser 
Cheryl E. Frank                                2016                                 Partner - Capital Research Global Investors 
Greg Miliotes                                  2023                                 Partner - Capital Research Global Investors 
Brant W. Thompson President                    2025                                 Partner - Capital International Investors 


Purchase and sale of fund shares The minimum amount required to establish an account is $25,000. You may sell (redeem) shares on any business day by contacting your Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselor or by calling (866) 421-2166.

Tax information Dividends and capital gain distributions you receive from the fund are subject to federal income taxes and may also be subject to state and local taxes, unless you are tax-exempt or your account is tax-favored (in which case you may be taxed later, upon withdrawal of your investment from such account).

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 4

Investment objectives, strategies and risks The fund seeks to provide prudent growth of capital and conservation of principal. This investment objective may be changed by the fund's board without shareholder approval upon 60 days' prior written notice to shareholders. The fund is designed for investors seeking capital appreciation and diversification through investments in common stocks and other equity-type securities of U.S. issuers, consistent with the fund's investment objective. Investors in the fund should have a long-term perspective and be able to tolerate potentially sharp declines in value.

The fund invests primarily in common stocks of U.S. issuers that the investment adviser believes have the potential for growth, many of which have the potential to pay dividends. Under normal market conditions, the fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in equity-type securities and at least 80% of its net assets in securities of issuers in the United States. Investments may include U.S. registered securities of issuers outside of the United States such as American Depositary Receipts.

In pursuing the fund's objectives, the fund's investment adviser focuses primarily on companies with attributes that are associated with long-term growth and resilience to market declines, such as strong management, participation in a growing market, strong balance sheets, payment of dividends and the potential for above average growth in earnings, revenues, book value, cash flow and/or return on assets. The fund may invest in common stocks of companies in various industries with a broad range of capitalizations.

The fund may also hold cash or cash equivalents, including commercial paper and short-term securities issued by the U.S. government, its agencies and instrumentalities. The percentage of the fund invested in such holdings varies and depends on various factors, including market conditions and purchases and redemptions of fund shares. The investment adviser may determine that it is appropriate to invest a substantial portion of the fund's assets in such instruments in response to certain circumstances, such as periods of market turmoil. For temporary defensive purposes, the fund may invest without limitation in such instruments. A larger percentage of such holdings could moderate the fund's investment results in a period of rising market prices. Alternatively, a larger percentage of such holdings could reduce the magnitude of the fund's loss in a period of falling market prices and provide liquidity to make additional investments or to meet redemptions.

The fund may invest in certain other funds managed by the investment adviser or its affiliates ("Central Funds") to more effectively invest in a diversified set of securities in a specific asset class such as money market instruments, bonds and other securities. Shares of Central Funds are only offered for purchase to the fund's investment adviser and its affiliates and other funds, investment vehicles and accounts managed by the fund's investment adviser and its affiliates. Central Funds do not charge management fees. As a result, the fund does not bear additional management fees when investing in Central Funds, but the fund does bear its proportionate share of Central Fund expenses. The investment results of the portions of the fund's assets invested in the Central Funds will be based upon the investment results of the Central Funds.

The fund may also lend portfolio securities to brokers, dealers and other institutions that provide cash or U.S. Treasury securities as collateral in an amount at least equal to the value of the securities loaned.

The fund relies on the professional judgment of its investment adviser to make decisions about the fund's portfolio investments. The basic investment philosophy of the investment adviser is to seek to invest in attractively valued companies that, in its opinion, represent good, long-term investment opportunities. The investment adviser believes that an important way to accomplish this is through fundamental analysis, which may include meeting with company executives and employees, suppliers, customers and competitors. Securities may be sold when the investment adviser believes that they no longer represent relatively attractive investment opportunities.

The investment adviser may consider environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors that, depending on the facts and circumstances, are material to the value of an issuer or instrument. ESG factors may include, but are not limited to, environmental issues (e.g., water use, emission levels, waste, environmental remediation), social issues (e.g., human capital, health and safety, changing customer behavior) or governance issues (e.g., board composition, executive compensation, shareholder dilution).

The following are principal risks associated with investing in the fund.

Market conditions - The prices of, and the income generated by, the securities held by the fund may decline - sometimes rapidly or unpredictably - due to various factors, including events or conditions affecting the general economy or particular industries or companies; overall market changes; local, regional or global political, social or economic instability; governmental, governmental agency or central bank responses to economic conditions; levels of public debt and deficits; changes in inflation rates; and currency exchange rate, interest rate and commodity price fluctuations.

Economies and financial markets throughout the world are highly interconnected. Economic, financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, wars, terrorism, cybersecurity events, natural disasters, public health emergencies (such as the spread of infectious disease), bank failures and other circumstances in one country or region, including actions taken by governmental or quasi-governmental authorities in response to any of the foregoing, could have impacts on global economies or markets. As a result, whether or not the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries affected, the value and liquidity of the fund's investments may be negatively affected by developments in other countries and regions.

Issuer risks - The prices of, and the income generated by, securities held by the fund may decline in response to various factors directly related to the issuers of such securities, including reduced demand for an issuer's goods or services, poor management performance, major litigation, investigations or other controversies related to the issuer, changes in the issuer's financial condition or credit rating, changes in government regulations affecting the issuer or its competitive environment and strategic initiatives such as mergers, acquisitions or dispositions and the market response to any such initiatives. An individual security may also be affected by factors relating to the industry or sector of the issuer or the securities markets as a whole, and conversely an industry or sector or the securities markets may be affected by a change in financial condition or other event affecting a single issuer. The fund's portfolio managers invest in issuers

5 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

based on their level of investment conviction. At times, the fund may invest more significantly in a single issuer, which could increase the risk of loss arising from the factors described above.

Investing in growth-oriented stocks - Growth-oriented common stocks and other equity-type securities (such as preferred stocks, convertible preferred stocks and convertible bonds) may involve larger price swings and greater potential for loss than other types of investments.

Investing in income-oriented stocks - The value of the fund's securities and income provided by the fund may be reduced by changes in the dividend policies of, and the capital resources available for dividend payments at, the companies in which the fund invests.

Investing outside the United States - Securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States or with significant operations or revenues outside the United States, and securities tied economically to countries outside the United States, may lose value because of adverse political, social, economic or market developments (including social instability, regional conflicts, terrorism and war) in the countries or regions in which the issuers are domiciled, operate or generate revenue or to which the securities are tied economically. These securities may also lose value due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar and/or currencies of other countries. Issuers of these securities may be more susceptible to actions of foreign governments, such as nationalization, currency blockage or the imposition of price controls, sanctions, or punitive taxes, each of which could adversely impact the value of these securities. Securities markets in certain countries may be more volatile and/or less liquid than those in the United States. Investments outside the United States may also be subject to different regulatory, legal, accounting, auditing, financial reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and may be more difficult to value, than those in the United States. In addition, the value of investments outside the United States may be reduced by foreign taxes, including foreign withholding taxes on interest and dividends. Further, there may be increased risks of delayed settlement of securities purchased or sold by the fund, which could impact the liquidity of the fund's portfolio. The risks of investing outside the United States may be heightened in connection with investments in emerging markets.

Management - The investment adviser to the fund actively manages the fund's investments. Consequently, the fund is subject to the risk that the methods and analyses, including models, tools and data, employed by the investment adviser in this process may be flawed or incorrect and may not produce the desired results. This could cause the fund to lose value or its investment results to lag relevant benchmarks or other funds with similar objectives.

The following are additional risks associated with investing in the fund.

Exposure to country, region, industry or sector - Subject to the fund's investment limitations, the fund may have significant exposure to a particular country, region, industry or sector. Such exposure may cause the fund to be more impacted by risks relating to and developments affecting the country, region, industry or sector, and thus its net asset value may be more volatile, than a fund without such levels of exposure. For example, if the fund has significant exposure in a particular country, then social, economic, regulatory or other issues that negatively affect that country may have a greater impact on the fund than on a fund that is more geographically diversified.

Investing in depositary receipts - Depositary receipts are securities that evidence ownership interests in, and represent the right to receive, a security or a pool of securities that have been deposited with a bank or trust depository. Such securities may be less liquid or may trade at a lower price than the underlying securities of the issuer. Additionally, receipt of corporate information about the underlying issuer and proxy disclosure may not be timely and there may not be a correlation between such information and the market value of the depositary receipts.

Large shareholder transactions risk - The fund may experience adverse effects when shareholders, including other funds or accounts advised by the investment adviser, purchase or redeem, individually or in the aggregate, large amounts of shares relative to the size of the fund. For example, when the investment adviser changes allocations in other funds and accounts it manages, such changes may result in shareholder transactions in the fund that are large relative to the size of the fund. Such large shareholder redemptions may cause the fund to sell portfolio securities at times when it would not otherwise do so, which may negatively impact the fund's net asset value and liquidity. Similarly, large fund share purchases may adversely affect the fund's performance to the extent that the fund is delayed in investing new cash and is required to maintain a larger cash position than it ordinarily would. These transactions may also accelerate the realization of taxable income to shareholders if such sales of investments resulted in gains, and may also increase transaction costs. In addition, a large redemption could result in the fund's current expenses being allocated over a smaller asset base, leading to an increase in the fund's expense ratio. These risks are heightened when the fund is small.

Liquidity risk - Certain fund holdings may be or may become difficult or impossible to sell, particularly during times of market turmoil. Liquidity may be impacted by the lack of an active market for a holding, legal or contractual restrictions on resale, or the reduced number and capacity of market participants to make a market in such holding. Market prices for less liquid or illiquid holdings may be volatile or difficult to determine, and reduced liquidity may have an adverse impact on the market price of such holdings. Additionally, the sale of less liquid or illiquid holdings may involve substantial delays (including delays in settlement) and additional costs and the fund may be unable to sell such holdings when necessary to meet its liquidity needs or to try to limit losses, or may be forced to sell at a loss.

Lending of portfolio securities - Securities lending involves risks, including the risk that the loaned securities may not be returned in a timely manner or at all, which would interfere with the fund's ability to vote proxies or settle transactions, and/or the risk of a counterparty default. Additionally, the fund may lose money from the reinvestment of collateral received on loaned securities in investments that decline in value, default or do not perform as expected.

Cybersecurity breaches - The fund may be subject to operational and information security risks through breaches in cybersecurity. Cybersecurity breaches can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events, including "ransomware" attacks, the injection of computer viruses or malicious software code, the use of vulnerabilities in code to gain unauthorized access to digital information systems, networks or devices, or external attacks such as denial-of-service attacks on the investment adviser's or an affiliate's website that could

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 6

render the fund's network services unavailable to intended end-users. These breaches may, among other things, lead to the unauthorized release of confidential information, misuse of the fund's assets or sensitive information, the disruption of the fund's operational capacity, the inability of fund shareholders to transact business, or the destruction of the fund's physical infrastructure, equipment or operating systems. These events could cause the fund to violate applicable privacy and other laws and could subject the fund to reputational damage, additional costs associated with corrective measures and/or financial loss. The fund may also be subject to additional risks if its third-party service providers, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer agent, custodian, administrators and other financial intermediaries, experience similar cybersecurity breaches and potential outcomes. Cybersecurity risks may also impact issuers of securities in which the fund invests, which may cause the fund's investments in such issuers to lose value.

In addition to the principal investment strategies described above, the fund has other investment practices that are described in the statement of additional information, which includes a description of other risks related to the fund's principal investment strategies and other investment practices. The fund's investment results will depend on the ability of the fund's investment adviser to navigate the risks discussed above as well as those described in the statement of additional information.

Fund comparative indexes The investment results tables in this prospectus show how the fund's average annual total returns compare with a broad measure of market results and, if applicable, other measures of market results that reflect the fund's investment universe. The S&P 500 Index is a market capitalization-weighted index based on the results of approximately 500 widely held common stocks. This index is unmanaged, and its results include reinvested dividends and/or distributions but do not reflect the effect of sales charges, commissions, account fees, expenses or U.S. federal income taxes.

Fund results All fund results in this prospectus reflect the reinvestment of dividends and capital gain distributions, if any. Unless otherwise noted, fund results reflect any fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements in effect during the periods presented.

Portfolio holdings Portfolio holdings information for the fund is available at capitalgrouppcsfunds.com. A description of the fund's policies and procedures regarding disclosure of information about its portfolio holdings is available in the statement of additional information.

Management and organization

Investment adviser Capital Research and Management Company, an experienced investment management organization founded in 1931, serves as the investment adviser to the fund and other funds, including the American Funds. Capital Research and Management Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Capital Group Companies, Inc. and is located at 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, California 90071. Capital Research and Management Company manages the investment portfolio and business affairs of the fund.

For the services it provides to the fund, the investment adviser receives a unified management fee based on a percentage of the daily net assets of shares of the fund. Out of the fund's unified management fee the investment adviser pays all expenses of managing and operating the fund except brokerage expenses, taxes, interest, fees and expenses of the independent trustees (including legal counsel fees) and extraordinary expenses, such as litigation expenses. These expenses which are not paid by the investment adviser from the unified management fee are paid by the fund. The total management fee paid by the fund to its investment adviser for the most recent fiscal year, as a percentage of average net assets, appears in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses tables under "Fees and expenses of the fund."

A more detailed description of the Investment Advisory and Service Agreement between the fund and the investment adviser is included in the fund's statement of additional information, and a discussion regarding the basis for approval by the fund's board of trustees is contained in the fund's Form N-CSR for the fiscal period ended April 30, 2025.

Capital Research and Management Company manages equity assets through three equity investment divisions and fixed income assets through its fixed income investment division, Capital Fixed Income Investors. The three equity investment divisions - Capital International Investors, Capital Research Global Investors and Capital World Investors - make investment decisions independently of one another.

The equity investment divisions may, in the future, be incorporated as wholly owned subsidiaries of Capital Research and Management Company. In that event, Capital Research and Management Company would continue to be the investment adviser, and day-to-day investment management of equity assets would continue to be carried out through one or more of these subsidiaries. Although not currently contemplated, Capital Research and Management Company could incorporate its fixed income investment division in the future and engage it to provide day-to-day investment management of fixed income assets. Capital Research and Management Company and each of the funds it advises have received an exemptive order from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that allows Capital Research and Management Company to use, upon approval of the fund's board, its management subsidiaries and affiliates to provide day-to-day investment management services to the fund, including making changes to the management subsidiaries and affiliates providing such services. The fund's shareholders have approved this arrangement; however, there is no assurance that Capital Research and Management Company will incorporate its investment divisions or exercise any authority granted to it under the exemptive order.

7 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

The Capital SystemTM Capital Research and Management Company uses a system of multiple portfolio managers in managing mutual fund assets. Under this approach, the portfolio of a fund is divided into segments managed by individual managers. In addition, a portion of a fund's portfolio may include the investment decisions of Capital Research and Management Company's investment analysts. Investment decisions are subject to a fund's objective(s), policies and restrictions and the oversight of the appropriate investment-related committees of Capital Research and Management Company and its investment divisions.

The table below shows the investment experience and role in management of the fund for the fund's primary portfolio managers.

                                                                                                                                                               
Portfolio manager   Investmentexperience                                                                                Portfolio managerin this fund since:   Role inmanagementof the fund 
Cheryl E. Frank     Investment professional since 1997 (with Capital Research and Management Company or affiliate since 2002)  2016                                   Serves as an equity portfolio manager 
Greg Miliotes       Investment professional since 1998 (with Capital Research and Management Company or affiliate since 2006)  2023                                   Serves as an equity portfolio manager 
Brant W. Thompson   Investment professional since 1996 (with Capital Research and Management Company or affiliate since 2008)  2025                                   Serves as an equity portfolio manager 


Information regarding the portfolio managers' compensation, their ownership of securities in the fund and other accounts they manage is in the statement of additional information.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 8

Purchase, exchange and sale of shares

The fund's transfer agent, on behalf of the fund and Capital Client Group, Inc., the fund's distributor, is required by law to obtain certain personal information from you or any other person(s) acting on your behalf in order to verify your or such person's identity. If you do not provide the information, the transfer agent may not be able to open your account. If the transfer agent is unable to verify your identity or that of any other person(s) authorized to act on your behalf, or believes it has identified potentially criminal activity, the applicable fund and Capital Client Group, Inc. reserve the right to close your account or take such other action they deem reasonable or required by law.

Valuing shares The net asset value of the fund is the value of a single share of the fund. Net asset value is computed by adding the value of a fund's investments, cash and other assets, subtracting the fund's liabilities, and dividing the result by the number of shares that are outstanding. Realized investment income and gain is included in the fund's net asset value until the ex-dividend date, when the declared dividend amount is treated as a fund liability. The net asset value per share is calculated once daily as of the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange, normally 4 p.m. New York time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open. If the New York Stock Exchange makes a scheduled (e.g., the day after Thanksgiving) or an unscheduled close prior to 4 p.m. New York time, the net asset value of the fund will be determined at approximately the time the New York Stock Exchange closes on that day. If on such a day market quotations and prices from third-party pricing services are not based as of the time of the early close of the New York Stock Exchange but are as of a later time (up to approximately 4 p.m. New York time), for example because the market remains open after the close of the New York Stock Exchange, those later market quotations and prices will be used in determining the fund's net asset value.

Equity securities are valued primarily on the basis of market quotations, and debt securities are valued primarily on the basis of prices from third-party pricing services due to the lack of market quotations. Futures contracts are valued primarily on the basis of settlement prices. The fund's portfolio investments are valued in accordance with procedures for making fair value determinations if market quotations are not readily available, including procedures to determine the representativeness of third-party vendor prices, or in the event market quotations or third-party vendor prices are not considered reliable. For example, if events occur between the close of markets outside the United States and the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange that, in the opinion of the investment adviser, materially affect the value of any of the fund's equity securities that trade principally in those international markets, those securities will be valued in accordance with fair value procedures. Similarly, fair value procedures will be employed if an issuer defaults on its debt securities and there is no market for its securities. Use of these procedures is intended to result in more appropriate net asset values and, where applicable, to reduce potential arbitrage opportunities otherwise available to short-term investors.

Because the fund may hold securities that are listed primarily on foreign exchanges that trade on weekends or days when the fund does not price its shares, the values of securities held in the fund may change on days when you will not be able to purchase or redeem fund shares.

Your shares will be purchased at the net asset value or sold at the net asset value next determined after American Funds Service Company receives your request, provided that your request contains all information and legal documentation necessary to process the transaction. Orders in good order received after the New York Stock Exchange closes (scheduled or unscheduled) will be processed at the net asset value (plus any applicable sales charge) calculated on the following business day.

Purchase of shares Shares of the fund may generally be purchased only by investors who have entered into an Investment Management Agreement with Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. ("CGPCS"). CGPCS receives an annual fee based on a percentage of a client's investment in the fund under management by CGPCS pursuant to an investment management agreement. You should read carefully the disclosures provided to you by CGPCS regarding the fees. The disclosures include information about the fees charged to you and paid to CGPCS for the services it provides. Certain investors who are not clients of CGPCS may purchase the fund, as described in the statement of additional information. Investors who wish to purchase, exchange, or sell shares should contact their CGPCS investment counselor or call (866) 421-2166. Alternatively, you may contact the fund's transfer agent at (800) 421-4996 to purchase shares.

Investors may be eligible to purchase shares of the fund with securities in which the fund is authorized to invest, subject to procedures approved by the board of trustees of the fund.

Purchase minimums and maximums The purchase minimums described in this prospectus may be waived in certain cases.

Exchange Generally, you may exchange your shares for shares of Capital Group Private Client Services Funds. Investors who wish to exchange shares should contact their Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselor or call (866) 421-2166. Alternatively, you may contact the fund's transfer agent at (800) 421-4996 to exchange shares.

Exchanges have the same tax consequences as ordinary sales and purchases. For example, to the extent you exchange shares held in a taxable account that are worth more now than what you paid for them, the gain will be subject to taxation.

9 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

How to sell shares

Investors who wish to sell (redeem) shares should contact their Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselor or call (866) 421-2166. Alternatively, you may contact the fund's transfer agent at (800) 421-4996 to sell (redeem) shares.

A signature guarantee is required if the redemption is:

· more than $125,000;

· made payable to someone other than the registered shareholder(s); or

· sent to an address other than the address of record or to an address of record that has been changed within the previous 10 days.

The signature guarantee requirement may be waived if Capital Group Private Client Services determines it is appropriate. In addition to the situations described above, Capital Group Private Client Services and/or the fund's transfer agent reserve the right to require a signature guarantee(s) in other instances based on the circumstances relative to the particular situation. Additional documentation may be required for redemptions of shares held in corporate, partnership or fiduciary accounts.

For all accounts, checks must be made payable to the registered shareholder and must be mailed to an address of record that has been used with the account for at least 10 days, unless you obtain a signature guarantee for the redemption.

The fund typically expects to remit redemption proceeds one business day following receipt and acceptance of a redemption order, regardless of the method the fund uses to make such payment (e.g., check, wire or automated clearing house transfer). However, payment may take longer than one business day and may take up to seven days as generally permitted by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). Under the 1940 Act, the fund may be permitted to pay redemption proceeds beyond seven days under certain limited circumstances. In addition, if you recently purchased shares and subsequently request a redemption of those shares, the fund will pay the available redemption proceeds once a sufficient period of time has passed to reasonably ensure that checks or drafts, including certified or cashier's checks, for the shares purchased have cleared (normally seven business days from the purchase date).

Under normal conditions, the fund typically expects to meet shareholder redemptions from a reserve of highly liquid assets, such as cash or cash equivalents. The fund may use additional methods to meet shareholder redemptions, if they become necessary. These methods may include, but are not limited to, the sale of portfolio assets, the use of overdraft protection afforded by the fund's custodian bank, borrowing from a line of credit or from other funds advised by the investment adviser or its affiliates, and making payment with fund securities or other fund assets rather than in cash (as further discussed in the following paragraph).

While payment of redemptions normally will be in cash, the fund's agreement and declaration of trust permits payment of the redemption price wholly or partly with portfolio securities or other assets of the fund under conditions and circumstances determined by the fund's board of trustees. On the same redemption date, some shareholders may be paid in whole or in part in securities (which may differ among those shareholders), while other shareholders may be paid entirely in cash. In general, in-kind redemptions to affiliated shareholders will as closely as practicable represent the affiliated shareholder's pro rata share of the fund's securities, subject to certain exceptions. Securities distributed in-kind to unaffiliated shareholders will be selected by the investment adviser in a manner the investment adviser deems to be fair and reasonable to the fund's shareholders, taking into account relevant market conditions and limitations. The disposal of the securities received in-kind may be subject to brokerage costs and, until sold, such securities remain subject to market risk and liquidity risk, including the risk that such securities are or become difficult to sell. If the fund pays your redemption with illiquid or less liquid securities, you will bear the risk of not being able to sell such securities.

Transactions by telephone Generally, you are automatically eligible to redeem or exchange shares by telephone unless you notify Capital Group Private Client Services in writing that you do not want these services. You may reinstate these services at any time.

Unless you decide not to have telephone services on your account(s), you agree to hold the fund, American Funds Service Company, any of its affiliates or mutual funds managed by such affiliates, and each of their respective directors, trustees, officers, employees and agents harmless from any losses, expenses, costs or liabilities (including attorney fees) that may be incurred in connection with the exercise of these privileges, provided that American Funds Service Company employs reasonable procedures to confirm that the instructions received from any person with appropriate account information are genuine. If reasonable procedures are not employed, American Funds Service Company and/or the fund may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or fraudulent instructions.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 10

Frequent trading of fund shares The fund and Capital Client Group, Inc. reserve the right to reject any purchase order for any reason. The fund is not designed to serve as a vehicle for frequent trading. Frequent trading of fund shares may lead to increased costs to the fund and less efficient management of the fund's portfolio, potentially resulting in dilution of the value of the shares held by long-term shareholders. Accordingly, purchases, including those that are part of exchange activity, that the fund or Capital Client Group, Inc. have determined could involve actual or potential harm to the fund may be rejected.

The fund, through its transfer agent, American Funds Service Company, maintains surveillance procedures that are designed to detect frequent trading in fund shares. Under these procedures, various analytics are used to evaluate factors that may be indicative of frequent trading. For example, transactions in fund shares that exceed certain monetary thresholds may be scrutinized. American Funds Service Company also may review transactions that occur close in time to other transactions in the same account or in multiple accounts under common ownership or influence. Trading activity that is identified through these procedures or as a result of any other information available to the fund will be evaluated to determine whether such activity might constitute frequent trading. These procedures may be modified from time to time as appropriate to improve the detection of frequent trading, to facilitate monitoring for frequent trading in particular retirement plans or other accounts and to comply with applicable laws.

Under the fund's frequent trading policy, certain trading activity will not be treated as frequent trading, such as:

· retirement plan contributions, loans and distributions (including hardship withdrawals) identified as such;

· purchases and redemptions in community foundation accounts;

· purchase transactions involving in-kind transfers of shares of the fund, rollovers, Roth IRA conversions and IRA recharacterizations;

· transactions by certain intermediaries in accordance with established hedging programs approved by the fund's investment adviser;

· fund share redemptions by certain counterparties approved by the fund's investment adviser to facilitate non pro-rata redemptions in-kind; and

· systematic redemptions and purchases.

Generally, purchases and redemptions will not be considered "systematic" unless the transaction is prescheduled for a specific date.

American Funds Service Company will work with certain intermediaries (such as investment dealers holding shareholder accounts in street name, retirement plan recordkeepers, insurance company separate accounts and bank trust companies) to apply their own procedures, provided that American Funds Service Company believes the intermediary's procedures are reasonably designed to enforce the frequent trading policies of the fund. You should refer to disclosures provided by the intermediaries with which you have an account to determine the specific trading restrictions that apply to you.

If American Funds Service Company identifies any activity that may constitute frequent trading, it reserves the right to contact the intermediary and request that the intermediary either provide information regarding an account owner's transactions or restrict the account owner's trading. If American Funds Service Company is not satisfied that the intermediary has taken appropriate action, American Funds Service Company may terminate the intermediary's ability to transact in fund shares.

There is no guarantee that all instances of frequent trading in fund shares will be prevented.

Notwithstanding the fund's surveillance procedures described above, all transactions in fund shares remain subject to the right of the fund, Capital Client Group, Inc. and American Funds Service Company to restrict potentially abusive trading generally, including the types of transactions described above that will not be prevented. See the statement of additional information for more information about how American Funds Service Company may address other potentially abusive trading activity in the fund.

11 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

Distributions and taxes

Dividends and distributions Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund intends to distribute quarterly dividends, usually in March, June, September and December.

Capital gains, if any, are usually distributed in December. When a dividend or capital gain is distributed, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment.

You may elect to reinvest dividends and/or capital gain distributions to purchase additional shares of the fund or Capital Group Private Client Services Funds, or you may elect to receive them in cash.

Taxes on dividends and distributions

For federal tax purposes, dividends and distributions of short-term capital gains are taxable as ordinary income. If you are an individual and meet certain holding period requirements with respect to your fund shares, you may be eligible for reduced tax rates on "qualified dividend income," if any, distributed by the fund to you. The fund's distributions of net long-term capital gains are taxable as long-term capital gains. Any dividends or capital gain distributions you receive from the fund will normally be taxable to you when made, regardless of whether you reinvest dividends or capital gain distributions or receive them in cash.

Dividends and capital gain distributions that are automatically reinvested in a tax-favored retirement account do not result in federal or state income tax at the time of reinvestment.

Taxes on transactions Your redemptions, including exchanges, may result in a capital gain or loss for federal tax purposes. A capital gain or loss on your investment is the difference between the cost of your shares and the amount you receive when you sell them.

Exchanges within a tax-favored retirement plan account will not result in a capital gain or loss for federal or state income tax purposes. With limited exceptions, distributions from a retirement plan account are taxable as ordinary income.

Shareholder fees Fees borne directly by the fund normally have the effect of reducing a shareholder's taxable income on distributions.

Please see your tax advisor for more information.

Fund expenses In periods of market volatility, assets of the fund may decline significantly, causing total annual fund operating expenses (as a percentage of the value of your investment) to become higher than the numbers shown in the Annual Fund Operating Expenses table in this prospectus.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 12

Financial highlights The Financial Highlights table is intended to help you understand the fund's results for the past five fiscal years (or, if shorter, the period of operations). Certain information reflects financial results for a single share. The total returns in the table represent the rate that an investor would have earned or lost on an investment in the fund (assuming reinvestment of all dividends and capital gain distributions). Where indicated, figures in the tables reflect the impact, if any, of certain waivers and/or reimbursements. For more information about these waivers and/or reimbursements, see the fund's statement of additional information and Form N-CSR. The information in the Financial Highlights table has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose current report, along with the fund's financial statements, is included in the fund's statement of additional information, which is available upon request.

Income (loss) from

investment operations1 Dividends and distributions Year ended Net asset

value,

beginning

of year Net

investment

income

(loss) Net gains

(losses) on

securities (both

realized and

unrealized) Total from

investment

operations Dividends

(from net

investment

income) Distributions

(from capital

gains) Total

dividends

and

distributions Net asset

value, end

of year Total

return2 Net assets,

end of

year

(in millions) Ratio of

expenses to

average net

assets before

waivers/

reimburse-ments3 Ratio of

expenses to

average net

assets after

waivers/

reimburse-ments2, 3 Ratio of

net income

(loss)

to average

net assets2 10/31/2025 $35.99 $.27 $6.73 $7.00 $(.32 ) $(2.92 ) $(3.24 ) $39.75 20.56 % $406 .43 % .42 % .74 % 10/31/2024 28.98 .35 8.60 8.95 (.33 ) (1.61 ) (1.94 ) 35.99 32.12 365 .43 .43 1.04 10/31/2023 27.92 .38 1.77 2.15 (.38 ) (.71 ) (1.09 ) 28.98 7.80 303 .43 .43 1.31 10/31/2022 33.77 .32 (4.33 ) (4.01 ) (.31 ) (1.53 ) (1.84 ) 27.92 (12.44 ) 285 .43 .43 1.07 10/31/2021 25.54 .28 8.78 9.06 (.29 ) (.54 ) (.83 ) 33.77 36.12 344 .43 .42 .94 

                                                       
                           Year ended October 31, 
                           2025   2024   2023   2022   2021 
Portfolio turnover rate4   26%    26%    26%    12%    15% 


1 Based on average shares outstanding.

2 This column reflects the impact of certain waivers and/or reimbursements from Capital Research and Management Company and/or American Funds Service Company, if any.

3 Ratios do not include expenses of any Central Funds. The fund indirectly bears its proportionate share of the expenses of any Central Funds.

4 Ratios do not include the fund's portfolio activity with respect to any Central Funds.

13 Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus

Notes

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund / Prospectus 14

                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                   
  More information about the fund                                                                     
  For shareholder services                                                                           American Funds Service Company(800) 421-4996  
  Telephone calls you have with shareholder services may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance, verification and recordkeeping purposes. By speaking to shareholder services on the telephone, you consent to such monitoring and recording.  


Annual/Semi-annual report to shareholders and Form N-CSR Additional information about the fund's investments is available in the fund's annual and semi-annual reports to shareholders and in the Form N-CSR on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). In the fund's annual report, you will find a summary discussion of the key market conditions and investment strategies that significantly affected the fund's performance during its last fiscal year. In Form N-CSR, you will find the fund's annual and semi-annual financial statements.

Statement of additional information (SAI) and codes of ethics The current SAI, as amended from time to time, contains more detailed information about the fund, including the fund's financial statements, and is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This means that the current SAI, for legal purposes, is part of this prospectus. The codes of ethics describe the personal investing policies adopted by the fund, the fund's investment adviser and its affiliated companies.

The codes of ethics and current SAI are on file with the SEC. These and other related materials about the fund are available for review on the EDGAR database on the SEC's website at sec.gov or, after payment of a duplicating fee, via email request to publicinfo@sec.gov.

For a complimentary copy of the current SAI, codes of ethics or annual/semi-annual report, or to request other information about the fund or make shareholder inquiries, please visit capitalgrouppcsfunds.com, call (800) 421-4996 or write to the secretary of the fund at 6455 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, California 92618.

Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) Shareholders may obtain information about SIPC® on its website at sipc.org or by calling (202) 371-8300.

  
 

 

  
  MFGEPRX-124-0126MPrinted in USA CGD/AFD/10210Investment Company File No. 811-23469 


Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Part B

Statement of Additional Information

January 1, 2026

This document is not a prospectus but should be read in conjunction with the current prospectus of Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (the "fund") dated January 1, 2026. Except where the context indicates otherwise, all references herein to the "fund" include the predecessor fund with the same name (the "predecessor fund"), which reorganized into the fund on November 8, 2019. The prospectus may be obtained from your Capital Group Private Client Services® investment counselor (also known as private wealth advisors), by calling American Funds Service Company® at (800) 421-4996 or by writing to the fund at the following address:

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Attention: Secretary

6455 Irvine Center Drive

Irvine, California 92618

                                
                                
Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund CUSEX


Table of Contents

      
Item Page no.


                                                                    
Certain investment limitations and guidelines                      2
Description of certain securities, investment techniques and risks 3
Fund policies                                                      20
Management of the fund                                             22
Execution of portfolio transactions                                39
Disclosure of portfolio holdings                                   43
Price of shares                                                    45
Taxes and distributions                                            47
Purchase and exchange of shares                                    51
Selling shares                                                     52
General information                                                54
Appendix                                                           56


Schedule of investments

Financial statements

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 1

Certain investment limitations and guidelines

The following limitations and guidelines are considered at the time of purchase, under normal circumstances, and are based on a percentage of the fund's net assets (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, collateral held in connection with securities lending activities) unless otherwise noted. This summary is not intended to reflect all of the fund's investment limitations.

· Under normal market conditions, the fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in equity-type securities and at least 80% of its net assets in securities of issuers in the United States.

· Investments may include U.S. registered securities of issuers outside of the United States such as American Depositary Receipts. For purposes of the fund's investment limitations, investments in depositary receipts are deemed to be investments in the underlying securities. For example, an American Depositary Receipt representing ownership of common stock of a non-U.S. issuer will be treated as common stock of a non-U.S. issuer.

· For purposes of determining whether an investment is made in a particular country or geographic region, the fund's investment adviser will generally look to the domicile of the issuer in the case of equity securities or to the country to which the security is tied economically in the case of debt securities. In doing so, the fund's investment adviser will generally look to the determination of MSCI Inc. (MSCI) for equity securities and Bloomberg for debt securities. In certain limited circumstances (including when relevant data is unavailable or the nature of a holding warrants special considerations), the adviser may also take into account additional factors, as applicable, including where the issuer's securities are listed; where the issuer is legally organized, maintains principal corporate offices, conducts its principal operations, generates revenues and/or has credit risk exposure; and the source of guarantees, if any, of such securities.

* * * * * *

The fund may experience difficulty liquidating certain portfolio securities during significant market declines or periods of heavy redemptions.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 2

Description of certain securities, investment techniques and risks

The descriptions below are intended to supplement the material in the prospectus under "Investment objectives, strategies and risks."

Market conditions - The value of, and the income generated by, the securities in which the fund invests may decline, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, due to factors affecting certain issuers, particular industries or sectors, or the overall markets. Rapid or unexpected changes in market conditions could cause the fund to liquidate holdings at inopportune times or at a loss or depressed value. The value of a particular holding may decrease due to developments related to that issuer, but also due to general market conditions, including real or perceived economic developments such as changes in interest rates, credit quality, inflation, or currency rates or generally adverse investor sentiment. The value of a holding may also decline due to factors that negatively affect a particular industry or sector, such as labor shortages, increased production costs, or competitive conditions.

Global economies and financial markets are highly interconnected, and conditions and events in one country, region or financial market may adversely impact issuers in a different country, region or financial market. Furthermore, local, regional and global events such as war, acts of terrorism, trading and tariff arrangements, social unrest, natural disasters, the spread of infectious illness or other public health threats, or bank failures could also adversely impact issuers, markets and economies, including in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen. The fund could be negatively impacted if the value of a portfolio holding were harmed by such conditions or events.

Significant market disruptions, such as those caused by pandemics, natural or environmental disasters, war, acts of terrorism, bank failures or other events, can adversely affect local and global markets and normal market operations. Market disruptions may exacerbate political, social, and economic risks. Additionally, market disruptions may result in increased market volatility; regulatory trading halts; closure of domestic or foreign exchanges, markets, or governments; or market participants operating pursuant to business continuity plans for indeterminate periods of time. Such events can be highly disruptive to economies and markets and significantly impact individual companies, sectors, industries, markets, currencies, interest and inflation rates, credit ratings, investor sentiment, and other factors affecting the value of the fund's investments and operation of the fund. These events could disrupt businesses that are integral to the fund's operations or impair the ability of employees of fund service providers to perform essential tasks on behalf of the fund.

Governmental and quasi-governmental authorities may take a number of actions designed to support local and global economies and the financial markets in response to economic disruptions. Such actions may include a variety of significant fiscal and monetary policy changes, including, for example, direct capital infusions into companies, new monetary programs and significantly lower interest rates. These actions have resulted in significant expansion of public debt and may result in greater market risk. Additionally, an unexpected or quick reversal of these policies, or the ineffectiveness of these policies, could negatively impact overall investor sentiment and further increase volatility in securities markets.

Equity securities - Equity securities represent an ownership position in a company. Equity securities held by the fund typically consist of common stocks. The prices of equity securities fluctuate based on, among other things, events specific to their issuers and market, economic and other conditions. For example, prices of these securities can be affected by financial contracts held by the issuer or third parties (such as derivatives) relating to the security or other assets or indices. Holders of equity securities are not creditors of the issuer. If an issuer liquidates, holders of equity securities are entitled to their pro rata share of the issuer's assets, if any, after creditors (including the holders of fixed income securities and senior equity securities) are paid.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 3

There may be little trading in the secondary market for particular equity securities, which may adversely affect the fund's ability to value accurately or dispose of such equity securities. Adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may decrease the value and/or liquidity of equity securities. The growth-oriented, equity-type securities generally purchased by the fund may involve large price swings and potential for loss. To the extent the fund invests in income-oriented, equity-type securities, income provided by the fund may be reduced by changes in the dividend policies of, and the capital resources available at, the companies in which the fund invests.

Investing in smaller capitalization stocks - The fund may invest in the stocks of smaller capitalization companies. Investing in smaller capitalization stocks can involve greater risk than is customarily associated with investing in stocks of larger, more established companies. For example, smaller companies often have limited product lines, limited operating histories, limited markets or financial resources, may be dependent on one or a few key persons for management and can be more susceptible to losses. Also, their securities may be less liquid or illiquid (and therefore have to be sold at a discount from current prices or sold in small lots over an extended period of time), may be followed by fewer investment research analysts and may be subject to wider price swings, thus creating a greater chance of loss than securities of larger capitalization companies.

Warrants and rights - Warrants and rights may be acquired by the fund in connection with other securities or separately. Warrants generally entitle, but do not obligate, their holder to purchase other equity or fixed income securities at a specified price at a later date. Rights are similar to warrants but typically have a shorter duration and are issued by a company to existing holders of its stock to provide those holders the right to purchase additional shares of stock at a later date. Warrants and rights do not carry with them the right to dividends or voting rights with respect to the securities that they entitle their holder to purchase, and they do not represent any rights in the assets of the issuing company. Additionally, a warrant or right ceases to have value if it is not exercised prior to its expiration date. As a result, warrants and rights may be considered more speculative than certain other types of investments. Changes in the value of a warrant or right do not necessarily correspond to changes in the value of its underlying security. The price of a warrant or right may be more volatile than the price of its underlying security, and they therefore present greater potential for capital appreciation and capital loss. The effective price paid for warrants or rights added to the subscription price of the related security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price, such as when there is no movement in the price of the underlying security. The market for warrants or rights may be very limited and it may be difficult to sell them promptly at an acceptable price.

Depositary receipts - Depositary receipts are securities that evidence ownership interests in, and represent the right to receive, a security or a pool of securities that have been deposited with a bank or trust depository. The fund may invest in American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"), European Depositary Receipts ("EDRs"), Global Depositary Receipts ("GDRs"), and other similar securities. For ADRs, the depository is typically a U.S. financial institution and the underlying securities are issued by a non-U.S. entity. For other depositary receipts, the depository may be a non-U.S. or a U.S. entity, and the underlying securities may be issued by a non-U.S. or a U.S. entity. Depositary receipts will not necessarily be denominated in the same currency as their underlying securities. Generally, ADRs are issued in registered form, denominated in U.S. dollars, and designed for use in the U.S. securities markets. Other depositary receipts, such as EDRs and GDRs, may be issued in bearer form, may be denominated in either U.S. dollars or in non-U.S. currencies, and are primarily designed for use in securities markets outside the United States. ADRs, EDRs and GDRs can be sponsored by the issuing bank or trust company or the issuer of the underlying securities. Although the issuing bank or trust company may impose charges for the collection of dividends and the conversion of such securities into the underlying securities, generally no fees are imposed on the purchase or sale of these securities other than transaction fees ordinarily involved with trading stock. Such securities may be less liquid or may trade at a lower price than the underlying securities of the issuer. Additionally, the issuers of securities underlying depositary receipts may not be obligated to timely disclose information that is

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 4

considered material under the securities laws of the United States. Therefore, less information may be available regarding these issuers than about the issuers of other securities and there may not be a correlation between such information and the market value of the depositary receipts.

Real estate investment trusts - Real estate investment trusts ("REITs"), which primarily invest in real estate or real estate-related loans, may issue equity or debt securities. Equity REITs own real estate properties, while mortgage REITs hold construction, development and/or long-term mortgage loans. The values of REITs may be affected by changes in the value of the underlying property of the trusts, the creditworthiness of the issuer, property taxes, interest rates, tax laws and regulatory requirements, such as those relating to the environment. Both types of REITs are dependent upon management skill and the cash flows generated by their holdings, the real estate market in general and the possibility of failing to qualify for any applicable pass-through tax treatment or failing to maintain any applicable exemptive status afforded under relevant laws.

Investing outside the United States - Securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States or with significant operations or revenues outside the United States, and securities tied economically to countries outside the United States, may lose value because of adverse political, social, economic or market developments (including social instability, regional conflicts, terrorism and war) in the countries or regions in which the issuers are domiciled, operate or generate revenue or to which the securities are tied economically. These issuers may also be more susceptible to actions of foreign governments such as the imposition of price controls, sanctions, or punitive taxes that could adversely impact the value of these securities. To the extent the fund invests in securities that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, these securities may also lose value due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar and/or currencies of other countries. Securities markets in certain countries may be more volatile or less liquid than those in the United States. Investments outside the United States may also be subject to different accounting practices and different regulatory, legal, auditing, financial reporting and recordkeeping standards and practices, and may be more difficult to value, than those in the United States. In addition, the value of investments outside the United States may be reduced by foreign taxes, including foreign withholding taxes on interest and dividends. Further, there may be increased risks of delayed settlement of securities purchased or sold by the fund, which could impact the liquidity of the fund's portfolio. The risks of investing outside the United States may be heightened in connection with investments in emerging markets.

Additional costs could be incurred in connection with the fund's investment activities outside the United States. Brokerage commissions may be higher outside the United States, and the fund will bear certain expenses in connection with its currency transactions. Furthermore, increased custodian costs may be associated with maintaining assets in certain jurisdictions.

Investing in emerging markets - Investing in emerging markets may involve risks in addition to and greater than those generally associated with investing in the securities markets of developed countries. For instance, emerging market countries tend to have less developed political, economic and legal systems than those in developed countries. Accordingly, the governments of these countries may be less stable and more likely to intervene in the market economy, for example, by imposing capital controls, nationalizing a company or industry, placing restrictions on foreign ownership and on withdrawing sale proceeds of securities from the country, and/or imposing punitive taxes that could adversely affect the prices of securities. Information regarding issuers in emerging markets may be limited, incomplete or inaccurate, and such issuers may not be subject to regulatory, accounting, auditing, and financial reporting and recordkeeping standards comparable to those to which issuers in more developed markets are subject. The fund's rights with respect to its investments in emerging markets, if any, will generally be governed by local law, which may make it difficult or impossible for the fund to pursue legal remedies or to obtain and enforce judgments in local courts. In addition, the economies of these countries may be dependent on relatively few industries, may have limited access to capital and may be more susceptible to changes in local and global trade conditions and downturns in the world economy. Securities markets in these countries can also be relatively small and have

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 5

substantially lower trading volumes. As a result, securities issued in these countries may be more volatile and less liquid, more vulnerable to market manipulation, and more difficult to value, than securities issued in countries with more developed economies and/or markets. Less certainty with respect to security valuations may lead to additional challenges and risks in calculating the fund's net asset value. Additionally, emerging markets are more likely to experience problems with the clearing and settling of trades and the holding of securities by banks, agents and depositories that are less established than those in developed countries.

In countries where direct foreign investment is limited or prohibited, the fund may invest in operating companies based in such countries through an offshore intermediary entity that, based on contractual agreements, seeks to replicate the rights and obligations of direct equity ownership in such operating company. Because the contractual arrangements do not in fact bestow the fund with actual equity ownership in the operating company, these investment structures may limit the fund's rights as an investor and create significant additional risks. For example, local government authorities may determine that such structures do not comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to restrictions on foreign ownership. In such event, the intermediary entity and/or the operating company may be subject to penalties, revocation of business and operating licenses or forfeiture of foreign ownership interests, and the fund's economic interests in the underlying operating company and its rights as an investor may not be recognized, resulting in a loss to the fund and its shareholders. In addition, exerting control through contractual arrangements may be less effective than direct equity ownership, and a company may incur substantial costs to enforce the terms of such arrangements, including those relating to the distribution of the funds among the entities. These special investment structures may also be disregarded for tax purposes by local tax authorities, resulting in increased tax liabilities, and the fund's control over - and distributions due from - such structures may be jeopardized if the individuals who hold the equity interest in such structures breach the terms of the agreements. While these structures may be widely used to circumvent limits on foreign ownership in certain jurisdictions, there is no assurance that they will be upheld by local regulatory authorities or that disputes regarding the same will be resolved consistently.

Although there is no universally accepted definition, the investment adviser generally considers an emerging market to be a market that is in the earlier stages of its industrialization cycle with a low per capita gross domestic product ("GDP") and a low market capitalization to GDP ratio relative to those in the United States and the European Union, and would include markets commonly referred to as "frontier markets." For example, the investment adviser currently expects that most countries not designated as developed markets by MSCI Inc. ("MSCI") will be treated as emerging markets for equity securities, and that most countries designated as emerging markets by J.P. Morgan or, if not available, Bloomberg will be treated as emerging markets for debt securities.

Certain risk factors related to emerging markets

Currency fluctuations - Certain emerging markets' currencies have experienced and in the future may experience significant declines against the U.S. dollar. For example, if the U.S. dollar appreciates against foreign currencies, the value of the fund's emerging markets securities holdings would generally depreciate and vice versa. Further, the fund may lose money due to losses and other expenses incurred in converting various currencies to purchase and sell securities valued in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, as well as from currency restrictions, exchange control regulation, governmental restrictions that limit or otherwise delay the fund's ability to convert or repatriate currencies and currency devaluations.

Government regulation - Certain emerging markets lack uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting and disclosure standards, have less governmental supervision of financial markets than in the United States, and may not honor legal rights or protections enjoyed by investors in the United States. Certain governments may be more unstable and present greater risks of nationalization or restrictions on foreign ownership of local companies. Repatriation of

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 6

investment income, capital and the proceeds of sales by foreign investors may require governmental registration and/or approval in some emerging markets. While the fund will only invest in markets where these restrictions are considered acceptable by the investment adviser, a country could impose new or additional repatriation restrictions after the fund's investment. If this happened, the fund's response might include, among other things, applying to the appropriate authorities for a waiver of the restrictions or engaging in transactions in other markets designed to offset the risks of decline in that country. Such restrictions will be considered in relation to the fund's liquidity needs and other factors. Further, some attractive equity securities may not be available to the fund if foreign shareholders already hold the maximum amount legally permissible.

While government involvement in the private sector varies in degree among emerging markets, such involvement may in some cases include government ownership of companies in certain sectors, wage and price controls or imposition of trade barriers and other protectionist measures. With respect to any emerging market, there is no guarantee that some future economic or political crisis will not lead to price controls, forced mergers of companies, expropriation, or creation of government monopolies to the possible detriment of the fund's investments.

Fluctuations in inflation rates - Rapid fluctuations in inflation rates may have negative impacts on the economies and securities markets of certain emerging market countries.

Less developed securities markets - Emerging markets may be less well-developed and regulated than other markets. These markets have lower trading volumes than the securities markets of more developed countries and may be unable to respond effectively to increases in trading volume. Consequently, these markets may be substantially less liquid than those of more developed countries, and the securities of issuers located in these markets may have limited marketability. These factors may make prompt liquidation of substantial portfolio holdings difficult or impossible at times.

Settlement risks - Settlement systems in emerging markets are generally less well organized than those of developed markets. Supervisory authorities may also be unable to apply standards comparable to those in developed markets. Thus, there may be risks that settlement may be delayed and that cash or securities belonging to the fund may be in jeopardy because of failures of or defects in the systems. In particular, market practice may require that payment be made before receipt of the security being purchased or that delivery of a security be made before payment is received. In such cases, default by a broker or bank (the "counterparty") through which the transaction is effected might cause the fund to suffer a loss. The fund will seek, where possible, to use counterparties whose financial status is such that this risk is reduced. However, there can be no certainty that the fund will be successful in eliminating this risk, particularly as counterparties operating in emerging markets frequently lack the standing or financial resources of those in developed countries. There may also be a danger that, because of uncertainties in the operation of settlement systems in individual markets, competing claims may arise with respect to securities held by or to be transferred to the fund.

Limited market information - The fund may encounter problems assessing investment opportunities in certain emerging markets in light of limitations on available information and different accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards. For example, due to jurisdictional limitations, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB"), which regulates auditors of U.S. reporting companies, may be unable to inspect the audit work and practices of PCAOB-registered auditing firms in certain emerging markets. As a result, there is greater risk that financial records and information relating to an issuer's operations in emerging markets will be incomplete or misleading, which may negatively impact the fund's investments in such company. When faced with limited market information, the fund's

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 7

investment adviser will seek alternative sources of information, and to the extent the investment adviser is not satisfied with the sufficiency or accuracy of the information obtained with respect to a particular market or security, the fund will not invest in such market or security.

Taxation - Taxation of dividends, interest and capital gains received by the fund varies among emerging markets and, in some cases, is comparatively high. In addition, emerging markets typically have less well-defined tax laws and procedures and such laws may permit retroactive taxation so that the fund could become subject in the future to local tax liability that it had not reasonably anticipated in conducting its investment activities or valuing its assets.

Fraudulent securities - Securities purchased by the fund may subsequently be found to be fraudulent or counterfeit, resulting in a loss to the fund.

Remedies - Emerging markets may offer less protection to investors than U.S. markets and, in the event of investor harm, there may be substantially less recourse available to the fund and its shareholders. In addition, as a matter of law or practicality, the fund and its shareholders - as well as U.S. regulators - may encounter substantial difficulties in obtaining and enforcing judgments and other actions against non-U.S. individuals and companies.

Currency transactions - The fund may enter into currency transactions on a spot (i.e., cash) basis at the prevailing rate in the currency exchange market to provide for the purchase or sale of a currency needed to purchase a security denominated in such currency. In addition, the fund may enter into forward currency contracts to protect against changes in currency exchange rates, to increase exposure to a particular foreign currency, to shift exposure to currency fluctuations from one currency to another or to seek to increase returns. A forward currency contract is an obligation to purchase or sell a specific currency at a future date, which may be any fixed number of days from the date of the contract agreed upon by the parties, at a price set at the time of the contract. Some forward currency contracts, called non-deliverable forwards or NDFs, do not call for physical delivery of the currency and are instead settled through cash payments. Forward currency contracts are typically privately negotiated and traded in the interbank market between large commercial banks (or other currency traders) and their customers. Although forward contracts entered into by the fund will typically involve the purchase or sale of a currency against the U.S. dollar, the fund also may purchase or sell a non-U.S. currency against another non-U.S. currency.

Currency exchange rates generally are determined by forces of supply and demand in the foreign exchange markets and the relative merits of investment in different countries as viewed from an international perspective. Currency exchange rates, as well as foreign currency transactions, can also be affected unpredictably by intervention by U.S. or foreign governments or central banks or by currency controls or political developments in the United States or abroad. Such intervention or other events could prevent the fund from entering into foreign currency transactions, force the fund to exit such transactions at an unfavorable time or price or result in penalties to the fund, any of which may result in losses to the fund.

Generally, the fund will not attempt to protect against all potential changes in exchange rates and the use of forward contracts does not eliminate the risk of fluctuations in the prices of the underlying securities. If the value of the underlying securities declines or the amount of the fund's commitment increases because of changes in exchange rates, the fund may need to provide additional cash or securities to satisfy its commitment under the forward contract. The fund is also subject to the risk that it may be delayed or prevented from obtaining payments owed to it under the forward contract as a result of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the counterparty with which it entered into the forward contract or the failure of the counterparty to comply with the terms of the contract.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 8

The realization of gains or losses on foreign currency transactions will usually be a function of the investment adviser's ability to accurately estimate currency market movements. Entering into forward currency transactions may change the fund's exposure to currency exchange rates and could result in losses to the fund if currencies do not perform as expected by the fund's investment adviser. For example, if the fund's investment adviser increases the fund's exposure to a foreign currency using forward contracts and that foreign currency's value declines, the fund may incur a loss. In addition, while entering into forward currency transactions could minimize the risk of loss due to a decline in the value of the hedged currency, it could also limit any potential gain that may result from an increase in the value of the currency.

Forward currency contracts may give rise to leverage, or exposure to potential gains and losses in excess of the initial amount invested. Leverage magnifies gains and losses and could cause the fund to be subject to more volatility than if it had not been leveraged, thereby resulting in a heightened risk of loss. Forward currency contracts are considered derivatives. Accordingly, under the SEC's rule applicable to the fund's use of derivatives, a fund's obligations with respect to these instruments will depend on the fund's aggregate usage of and exposure to derivatives, and the fund's usage of forward currency contracts is subject to written policies and procedures reasonably designed to manage the fund's derivatives risk.

Forward currency transactions also may affect the character and timing of income, gain, or loss recognized by the fund for U.S. tax purposes. The use of forward currency contracts could result in the application of the mark-to-market provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") and may cause an increase (or decrease) in the amount of taxable dividends paid by the fund.

Indirect exposure to cryptocurrencies - Cryptocurrencies are digital assets which may act as a store of wealth, a medium of exchange or an investment asset. There are thousands of cryptocurrencies, such as bitcoin. Although the fund has no current intention of directly investing in cryptocurrencies, some issuers accept cryptocurrency for payment of services, use cryptocurrencies as reserve assets and/or invest in cryptocurrencies, and the fund may have exposure to cryptocurrencies through investments in securities of such issuers. The fund may also invest in securities of issuers which provide cryptocurrency-related services.

Cryptocurrencies are subject to fluctuations in value. Cryptocurrencies are not backed by any government, corporation or other identified body. Rather, the value of a cryptocurrency is determined by other factors, such as the perceived future prospects or the supply and demand for such cryptocurrency in the global market for the trading of cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrencies may trade on platforms which are largely unregulated and may be more exposed to operational or technical issues as well as fraud or manipulation in comparison to established, regulated exchanges for securities, derivatives and traditional currencies. The values of cryptocurrencies have been, and may in the future continue to be, highly volatile and subject to sudden and significant increases and declines. The value of a cryptocurrency may decline precipitously (including to zero) for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, regulatory changes, a loss of confidence in its network or a change in user preference to other cryptocurrencies. The value of securities of issuers with significant holdings of cryptocurrencies may be subject to, among other things, fluctuations in the value of such cryptocurrencies, and such issuers may experience custody issues and/or lose their cryptocurrency holdings through theft, hacking, or technical glitches in the applicable blockchain. The fund may experience losses as a result of the decline in value of its securities of issuers that own cryptocurrencies or which provide cryptocurrency-related services. If an issuer that owns cryptocurrencies intends to pay a dividend using such holdings or to otherwise make a distribution of such holdings to its stockholders, such dividends or distributions may face regulatory, operational and technical issues.

Factors affecting the further development, use, and exchange of cryptocurrency include, but are not limited to: continued worldwide growth of, or possible cessation of or reversal in, the adoption and use of cryptocurrencies and other digital assets; the developing regulatory environment relating to

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 9

cryptocurrencies, including the characterization of cryptocurrencies as currencies, commodities, or securities, the tax treatment of cryptocurrencies, and government and quasi-government regulation or restrictions on, or regulation of access to and operation of, cryptocurrency networks and the exchanges on which cryptocurrencies trade, including anti-money laundering regulations and requirements; perceptions regarding the environmental impact of a cryptocurrency; changes in consumer demographics and public preferences; general economic conditions; maintenance and development of open-source software protocols; the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services; the use of the networks supporting digital assets, such as those for developing smart contracts and distributed applications; and general risks tied to the use of information technologies, including cyber risks. A hack or failure of one cryptocurrency may lead to a loss in confidence in, and thus decreased usage and/or value of, other cryptocurrencies.

Debt instruments - Debt securities, also known as "fixed income securities," are used by issuers to borrow money. Bonds, notes, debentures, asset-backed securities (including those backed by mortgages), and loan participations and assignments are common types of debt securities. Generally, issuers pay investors periodic interest and repay the amount borrowed either periodically during the life of the security and/or at maturity. Some debt securities, such as zero coupon bonds, do not pay current interest, but are purchased at a discount from their face values and their values accrete over time to face value at maturity. Some debt securities bear interest at rates that are not fixed, but that vary with changes in specified market rates or indices. The market prices of debt securities fluctuate depending on such factors as interest rates, credit quality and maturity. In general, market prices of debt securities decline when interest rates rise and increase when interest rates fall. These fluctuations will generally be greater for longer-term debt securities than for shorter-term debt securities. Prices of these securities can also be affected by financial contracts held by the issuer or third parties (such as derivatives) relating to the security or other assets or indices. Borrowers that are in bankruptcy or restructuring may never pay off their indebtedness, or they may pay only a small fraction of the amount owed. Direct indebtedness of countries, particularly emerging markets, also involves a risk that the governmental entities responsible for the repayment of the debt may be unable, or unwilling, to pay interest and repay principal when due.

Certain additional risk factors relating to debt securities are discussed below:

Sensitivity to interest rate and economic changes - Debt securities may be sensitive to economic changes, political and corporate developments, and interest rate changes. In addition, during an economic downturn or a period of rising interest rates, issuers that are highly leveraged may experience increased financial stress that could adversely affect their ability to meet projected business goals, to obtain additional financing and to service their principal and interest payment obligations. Periods of economic change and uncertainty also can be expected to result in increased volatility of market prices and yields of certain debt securities and derivative instruments. As discussed under "Market conditions" above in this statement of additional information, governments and quasi-governmental authorities may take actions to support local and global economies and financial markets during periods of economic crisis, including direct capital infusions into companies, new monetary programs and significantly lower interest rates. Such actions may expose fixed income markets to heightened volatility and may reduce liquidity for certain investments, which could cause the value of the fund's portfolio to decline.

Payment expectations - Debt securities may contain redemption or call provisions. If an issuer exercises these provisions in a lower interest rate market, the fund may have to replace the security with a lower yielding security, resulting in decreased income to investors. If the issuer of a debt security defaults on its obligations to pay interest or principal or is the subject of bankruptcy proceedings, the fund may incur losses or expenses in seeking recovery of amounts owed to it.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 10

Liquidity and valuation - There may be little trading in the secondary market for particular debt securities, which may affect adversely the fund's ability to value accurately or dispose of such debt securities. Adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may decrease the value and/or liquidity of debt securities.

Credit ratings for debt securities provided by rating agencies reflect an evaluation of the safety of principal and interest payments, not market value risk. The rating of an issuer is a rating agency's view of past and future potential developments related to the issuer and may not necessarily reflect actual outcomes. There can be a lag between the time of developments relating to an issuer and the time a rating is assigned and updated. The investment adviser considers these ratings of securities as one of many criteria in making its investment decisions.

Bond rating agencies may assign modifiers (such as +/-) to ratings categories to signify the relative position of a credit within the rating category. Investment policies that are based on ratings categories should be read to include any security within that category, without giving consideration to the modifier except where otherwise provided. See the appendix to this statement of additional information for more information about credit ratings.

Variable and floating rate obligations - The interest rates payable on certain securities and other instruments in which the fund may invest may not be fixed but may fluctuate based upon changes in market interest rates or credit ratings. Variable and floating rate obligations bear coupon rates that are adjusted at designated intervals, based on the then current market interest rates or credit ratings. The rate adjustment features tend to limit the extent to which the market value of the obligations will fluctuate. When the fund holds variable or floating rate securities, a decrease in market interest rates will adversely affect the income received from such securities and the net asset value of the fund's shares.

Adjustment of maturities - The investment adviser seeks to anticipate movements in interest rates and may adjust the maturity distribution of a portfolio accordingly, keeping in mind the fund's objective(s).

Securities with equity and debt characteristics - Certain securities have a combination of equity and debt characteristics. Such securities may at times behave more like equity than debt or vice versa.

Preferred stock - Preferred stock represents an equity interest in an issuer that generally entitles the holder to receive, in preference to common stockholders and the holders of certain other stocks, dividends and a fixed share of the proceeds resulting from a liquidation of the issuer. Preferred stocks may pay fixed or adjustable rates of return, and preferred stock dividends may be cumulative or non-cumulative and participating or non-participating. Cumulative dividend provisions require all or a portion of prior unpaid dividends to be paid before dividends can be paid to the issuer's common stockholders, while prior unpaid dividends on non-cumulative preferred stock are forfeited. Participating preferred stock may be entitled to a dividend exceeding the issuer's declared dividend in certain cases, while non-participating preferred stock is entitled only to the stipulated dividend. Preferred stock is subject to issuer-specific and market risks applicable generally to equity securities. As with debt securities, the prices and yields of preferred stocks often move with changes in interest rates and the issuer's credit quality. Additionally, a company's preferred stock typically pays dividends only after the company makes required payments to holders of its bonds and other debt. Accordingly, the price of preferred stock will usually react more strongly than bonds and other debt to actual or perceived changes in the issuing company's financial condition or prospects. Preferred stock of smaller companies may be more vulnerable to adverse developments than preferred stock of larger companies.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 11

Convertible securities - A convertible security is a debt obligation, preferred stock or other security that may be converted, within a specified period of time and at a stated conversion rate, into common stock or other equity securities of the same or a different issuer. The conversion may occur automatically upon the occurrence of a predetermined event or at the option of either the issuer or the security holder. Under certain circumstances, a convertible security may also be called for redemption or conversion by the issuer after a particular date and at predetermined price specified upon issue. If a convertible security held by the fund is called for redemption or conversion, the fund could be required to tender the security for redemption, convert it into the underlying common stock, or sell it to a third party.

The holder of a convertible security is generally entitled to participate in the capital appreciation resulting from a market price increase in the issuer's common stock and to receive interest paid or accrued until the convertible security matures or is redeemed, converted or exchanged. Before conversion, convertible securities have characteristics similar to non-convertible debt or preferred securities, as applicable. Convertible securities rank senior to common stock in an issuer's capital structure and, therefore, normally entail less risk than the issuer's common stock. However, convertible securities may also be subordinate to any senior debt obligations of the issuer, and, therefore, an issuer's convertible securities may entail more risk than such senior debt obligations. Convertible securities usually offer lower interest or dividend yields than non-convertible debt securities of similar credit quality because of the potential for capital appreciation. In addition, convertible securities are often lower-rated securities.

Because of the conversion feature, the price of a convertible security will normally fluctuate in some proportion to changes in the price of the underlying asset, and, accordingly, convertible securities are subject to risks relating to the activities of the issuer and/or general market and economic conditions. The income component of a convertible security may cushion the security against declines in the price of the underlying asset but may also cause the price of the security to fluctuate based upon changes in interest rates and the credit quality of the issuer. As with a straight fixed income security, the price of a convertible security tends to increase when interest rates decline and decrease when interest rates rise. Like the price of a common stock, the price of a convertible security also tends to increase as the price of the underlying stock rises and to decrease as the price of the underlying stock declines.

Hybrid securities - A hybrid security is a type of security that also has equity and debt characteristics. Like equities, which have no final maturity, a hybrid security may be perpetual. On the other hand, like debt securities, a hybrid security may be callable at the option of the issuer on a date specified at issue. Additionally, like common equities, which may stop paying dividends at virtually any time without violating any contractual terms or conditions, hybrids typically allow for issuers to withhold payment of interest until a later date or to suspend coupon payments entirely without triggering an event of default. Hybrid securities are normally at the bottom of an issuer's debt capital structure because holders of an issuer's hybrid securities are structurally subordinated to the issuer's senior creditors. In bankruptcy, hybrid security holders should only get paid after all senior creditors of the issuer have been paid but before any disbursements are made to the issuer's equity holders. Accordingly, hybrid securities may be more sensitive to economic changes than more senior debt securities. Such securities may also be viewed as more equity-like by the market when the issuer or its parent company experiences financial difficulties.

Contingent convertible securities, which are also known as contingent capital securities, are a form of hybrid security that are intended to either convert into equity or have their principal written down upon the occurrence of certain trigger events. One type of contingent convertible security has characteristics designed to absorb losses, by providing that the liquidation value of the security may be adjusted downward to below the original par value or

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 12

written off entirely under certain circumstances. For instance, if losses have eroded the issuer's capital level below a specified threshold, the liquidation value of the security may be reduced in whole or in part. The write-down of the security's par value may occur automatically and would not entitle holders to institute bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. In addition, an automatic write-down could result in a reduced income rate if the dividend or interest payment associated with the security is based on the security's par value. Such securities may, but are not required to, provide for circumstances under which the liquidation value of the security may be adjusted back up to par, such as an improvement in capitalization or earnings. Another type of contingent convertible security provides for mandatory conversion of the security into common shares of the issuer under certain circumstances. The mandatory conversion might relate, for example, to the issuer's failure to maintain a capital minimum. Since the common stock of the issuer may not pay a dividend, investors in such instruments could experience reduced yields (or no yields at all) and conversion would deepen the subordination of the investor, effectively worsening the investor's standing in the case of the issuer's insolvency. An automatic write-down or conversion event with respect to a contingent convertible security will typically be triggered by a reduction in the issuer's capital level, but may also be triggered by regulatory actions, such as a change in regulatory capital requirements, or by other factors.

Restricted or illiquid securities - The fund may purchase securities subject to restrictions on resale. Restricted securities may only be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), or in a registered public offering. Where registration is required, the holder of a registered security may be obligated to pay all or part of the registration expense and a considerable period may elapse between the time it decides to seek registration and the time it may be permitted to sell a security under an effective registration statement. Difficulty in selling such securities may result in a loss to the fund or cause it to incur additional administrative costs.

Some fund holdings (including some restricted securities) may be deemed illiquid if the fund expects that a reasonable portion of the holding cannot be sold in seven calendar days or less without the sale significantly changing the market value of the investment. The determination of whether a holding is considered illiquid is made by the fund's adviser under a liquidity risk management program adopted by the fund's board and administered by the fund's adviser. The fund may incur significant additional costs in disposing of illiquid securities.

Repurchase agreements - The fund may enter into repurchase agreements, or "repos", under which the fund buys a security and obtains a simultaneous commitment from the seller to repurchase the security at a specified time and price. Because the security purchased constitutes collateral for the repurchase obligation, a repo may be considered a loan by the fund that is collateralized by the security purchased. Repos permit the fund to maintain liquidity and earn income over periods of time as short as overnight.

The seller must maintain with a custodian collateral equal to at least the repurchase price, including accrued interest. In tri-party repos and centrally cleared or "sponsored" repos, a third-party custodian, either a clearing bank in the case of tri-party repos or a central clearing counterparty in the case of centrally cleared repos, facilitates repo clearing and settlement, including by providing collateral management services. In bilateral repos, the parties themselves are responsible for settling transactions.

The fund will only enter into repos involving securities of the type in which it could otherwise invest. If the seller under the repo defaults, the fund may incur a loss if the value of the collateral securing the repo has declined and may incur disposition costs and delays in connection with liquidating the collateral. If bankruptcy proceedings are commenced with respect to the seller, realization of the collateral by the fund may be delayed or limited.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 13

Cash and cash equivalents - The fund may hold cash or invest in cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to: ( a ) shares of money market or similar funds managed by the investment adviser or its affiliates; ( b ) shares of other money market funds; ( c ) commercial paper; ( d ) short-term bank obligations (for example, certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances (time drafts on a commercial bank where the bank accepts an irrevocable obligation to pay at maturity)) or bank notes; ( e ) savings association and savings bank obligations (for example, bank notes and certificates of deposit issued by savings banks or savings associations); ( f ) securities of the U.S. government, its agencies or instrumentalities that mature, or that may be redeemed, in one year or less; and ( g ) higher quality corporate bonds and notes that mature, or that may be redeemed, in one year or less.

Commercial paper - The fund may purchase commercial paper. Commercial paper refers to short-term promissory notes issued by a corporation to finance its current operations. Such securities normally have maturities of thirteen months or less and, though commercial paper is often unsecured, commercial paper may be supported by letters of credit, surety bonds or other forms of collateral. Maturing commercial paper issuances are usually repaid by the issuer from the proceeds of new commercial paper issuances. As a result, investment in commercial paper is subject to rollover risk, or the risk that the issuer cannot issue enough new commercial paper to satisfy its outstanding commercial paper. Like all fixed income securities, commercial paper prices are susceptible to fluctuations in interest rates. If interest rates rise, commercial paper prices will decline and vice versa. However, the short-term nature of a commercial paper investment makes it less susceptible to volatility than many other fixed income securities because interest rate risk typically increases as maturity lengths increase. Commercial paper tends to yield smaller returns than longer-term corporate debt because securities with shorter maturities typically have lower effective yields than those with longer maturities. As with all fixed income securities, there is a chance that the issuer will default on its commercial paper obligations and commercial paper may become illiquid or suffer from reduced liquidity in these or other situations.

Commercial paper in which the fund may invest includes commercial paper issued in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"). Section 4(a)(2) commercial paper has substantially the same price and liquidity characteristics as commercial paper generally, except that the resale of Section 4(a)(2) commercial paper is limited to institutional investors who agree that they are purchasing the paper for investment purposes and not with a view to public distribution. Technically, such a restriction on resale renders Section 4(a)(2) commercial paper a restricted security under the 1933 Act. In practice, however, Section 4(a)(2) commercial paper typically can be resold as easily as any other unrestricted security held by the fund. Accordingly, Section 4(a)(2) commercial paper has been generally determined to be liquid under procedures adopted by the fund's board of trustees.

Forward commitment, when issued and delayed delivery transactions - The fund may enter into commitments to purchase or sell securities at a future date. When the fund agrees to purchase such securities, it assumes the risk of any decline in value of the security from the date of the agreement, and when the fund agrees to sell such securities, it assumes the risk of any increase in value of the security. If the other party to such a transaction fails to deliver or pay for the securities, the fund could miss a favorable price or yield opportunity, or could experience a loss.

The fund may roll such transactions in lieu of taking physical delivery of the contract's underlying assets on the settlement date. When rolling the purchase of these types of transactions, the fund sells mortgage-backed securities for delivery in the current month and simultaneously contracts to repurchase substantially similar (same type, coupon, and maturity) securities on a specified future date, at a pre-determined price. When rolling the sale of these types of transactions, the fund purchases mortgage-backed securities for delivery in the current month and simultaneously contracts to sell substantially similar (same type, coupon, and maturity) securities on a specified future date, at a pre-determined price.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 14

When rolling these types of transactions, during the period between the initial sale (or purchase) and subsequent repurchase (or sale) (the "roll period"), the fund forgoes principal and interest paid on the mortgage-backed securities. The fund is compensated by the price differential between the original and new contracts (often referred to as the "drop"), if any, as well as by the interest earned on the cash proceeds of any sales. The fund also takes the risk that market prices or characteristics of the underlying mortgage-backed securities may move unfavorably between the original and new contracts. The fund could suffer a loss if the contracting party fails to perform the future transaction and the fund is therefore unable to buy or sell back the mortgage-backed securities it initially either sold or purchased, respectively. These transactions are accounted for as purchase and sale transactions, which contribute to the fund's portfolio turnover rate.

With TBA transactions, the particular securities (i.e., specified mortgage pools) to be delivered or received are not identified at the trade date, but are "to be announced" at a later settlement date. However, securities to be delivered must meet specified criteria, including face value, coupon rate and maturity, and be within industry-accepted "good delivery" standards. The fund will not use these transactions for the purpose of leveraging. Although these transactions will not be entered into for leveraging purposes, the fund temporarily could be in a leveraged position (because it may have an amount greater than its net assets subject to market risk). Should market values of the fund's portfolio securities decline while the fund is in a leveraged position, greater depreciation of its net assets would likely occur than if it were not in such a position. After a transaction is entered into, the fund may still dispose of or renegotiate the transaction. Additionally, prior to receiving delivery of securities as part of a transaction, the fund may sell such securities.

When the fund enters into a TBA commitment for the sale of mortgage-backed securities for a fixed price, with payment and delivery on an agreed upon future settlement date (which may be referred to as having a short position in such TBA securities), the fund may or may not hold the types of mortgage-backed securities required to be delivered. To the extent the fund has sold such a security on a when-issued, delayed delivery, or forward commitment basis, the fund would not participate in future gains or losses with respect to the security if the fund holds such security. If the other party to a transaction fails to pay for the securities, the fund could suffer a loss. Additionally, when selling a security on a when-issued, delayed delivery or forward commitment basis without owning the security, the fund will incur a loss if the security's price appreciates in value such that the security's price is above the agreed-upon price on the settlement date.

Under the SEC's rule applicable to the fund's use of derivatives, when issued, forward-settling and nonstandard settlement cycle securities, as well as TBAs and roll transactions, will be treated as derivatives unless the fund intends to physically settle these transactions and the transactions will settle within 35 days of their respective trade dates.

Cybersecurity risks - With the increased use of technologies such as the Internet to conduct business, the fund has become potentially more susceptible to operational and information security risks through breaches in cybersecurity. In general, a breach in cybersecurity can result from either a deliberate attack or an unintentional event. Cybersecurity breaches may involve, among other things, "ransomware" attacks, injection of computer viruses or malicious software code, or the use of vulnerabilities in code to gain unauthorized access to digital information systems, networks or devices that are used directly or indirectly by the fund or its service providers through "hacking" or other means. Cybersecurity risks also include the risk of losses of service resulting from external attacks that do not require unauthorized access to the fund's systems, networks or devices. For example, denial-of-service attacks on the investment adviser's or an affiliate's website could effectively render the fund's network services unavailable to fund shareholders and other intended end-users. Any such cybersecurity breaches or losses of service may, among other things, cause the fund to lose proprietary information, suffer data corruption or lose operational capacity, or may result in the misappropriation, unauthorized release or other misuse of the fund's assets or sensitive information (including shareholder personal information or other confidential information), the inability of fund

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 15

shareholders to transact business, or the destruction of the fund's physical infrastructure, equipment or operating systems. These, in turn, could cause the fund to violate applicable privacy and other laws and incur or suffer regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional costs (including compliance costs) associated with corrective measures and/or financial loss. While the fund and its investment adviser have established business continuity plans and risk management systems designed to prevent or reduce the impact of cybersecurity attacks, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems due in part to the ever-changing nature of technology and cybersecurity attack tactics, and there is a possibility that certain risks have not been adequately identified or prepared for.

In addition, cybersecurity failures by or breaches of the fund's third-party service providers (including, but not limited to, the fund's investment adviser, transfer agent, custodian, administrators and other financial intermediaries) may disrupt the business operations of the service providers and of the fund, potentially resulting in financial losses, the inability of fund shareholders to transact business with the fund and of the fund to process transactions, the inability of the fund to calculate its net asset value, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, rules and regulations, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs and/or additional compliance costs associated with implementation of any corrective measures. The fund and its shareholders could be negatively impacted as a result of any such cybersecurity breaches, and there can be no assurance that the fund will not suffer losses relating to cybersecurity attacks or other informational security breaches affecting the fund's third-party service providers in the future, particularly as the fund cannot control any cybersecurity plans or systems implemented by such service providers.

Cybersecurity risks may also impact issuers of securities in which the fund invests, which may cause the fund's investments in such issuers to lose value.

Inflation/Deflation risk - The fund may be subject to inflation and deflation risk. Inflation risk is the risk that the present value of assets or income from investments will be less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. As inflation increases, the present value of the fund's assets can decline. Deflation risk is the risk that prices throughout the economy decline over time. Deflation or inflation may have an adverse effect on the creditworthiness of issuers and may make issuer default more likely, which may result in a decline in the value of the fund's assets.

Interfund borrowing and lending - Pursuant to an exemptive order issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the fund may lend money to, and borrow money from, other funds advised by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates. The fund will borrow through the program only when the costs are equal to or lower than the costs of bank loans. The fund will lend through the program only when the returns are higher than those available from an investment in repurchase agreements. Interfund loans and borrowings normally extend overnight, but can have a maximum duration of seven days. Loans may be called on one day's notice. The fund may have to borrow from a bank at a higher interest rate if an interfund loan is called or not renewed. Any delay in repayment to a lending fund could result in a lost investment opportunity or additional borrowing costs.

Affiliated investment companies - The fund may purchase shares of certain other investment companies managed by the investment adviser or its affiliates ("Central Funds"). The risks of owning another investment company are similar to the risks of investing directly in the securities in which that investment company invests. Investments in other investment companies could allow the fund to obtain the benefits of a more diversified portfolio than might otherwise be available through direct investments in a particular asset class, and will subject the fund to the risks associated with the particular asset class or asset classes in which an underlying fund invests. However, an investment company may not achieve its investment objective or execute its investment strategy effectively, which may adversely affect the fund's performance. Any investment in another investment company will be consistent with the fund's objective(s) and applicable regulatory limitations. Central Funds do not

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 16

charge management fees. As a result, the fund does not bear additional management fees when investing in Central Funds, but the fund does bear its proportionate share of Central Fund expenses.

Securities lending activities - The fund may lend portfolio securities to brokers, dealers or other institutions that provide cash or U.S. Treasury securities as collateral in an amount at least equal to the value of the securities loaned. While portfolio securities are on loan, the fund will continue to receive the equivalent of the interest and the dividends or other distributions paid by the issuer on the securities, as well as a portion of the interest on the investment of the collateral. Additionally, although the fund will not have the right to vote on securities while they are on loan, the fund has a right to consent on corporate actions and a right to recall each loan to vote on proposals, including proposals involving material events affecting securities loaned. The fund has delegated the decision to lend portfolio securities to the investment adviser. The adviser also has the discretion to consent on corporate actions and to recall securities on loan to vote. In the event the adviser deems a corporate action or proxy vote material, as determined by the adviser based on factors relevant to the fund, it will use reasonable efforts to recall the securities and consent to or vote on the matter.

Securities lending involves risks, including the risk that the loaned securities may not be returned in a timely manner or at all, which would interfere with the fund's ability to vote proxies or settle transactions, and/or the risk of a counterparty default. Additionally, the fund may lose money from the reinvestment of collateral received on loaned securities in investments that decline in value, default or do not perform as expected. The fund will make loans only to parties deemed by the fund's adviser to be in good standing and when, in the adviser's judgment, the income earned would justify the risks.

Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank") serves as securities lending agent for the fund. As the securities lending agent, Citibank administers the fund's securities lending program pursuant to the terms of a securities lending agent agreement entered into between the fund and Citibank. Under the terms of the agreement, Citibank is responsible for making available to approved borrowers securities from the fund's portfolio. Citibank is also responsible for the administration and management of the fund's securities lending program, including the preparation and execution of an agreement with each borrower governing the terms and conditions of any securities loan, ensuring that securities loans are properly coordinated and documented, ensuring that loaned securities are valued daily and that the corresponding required collateral is delivered by the borrowers, arranging for the investment of collateral received from borrowers, and arranging for the return of loaned securities to the fund in accordance with the fund's instructions or at loan termination. As compensation for its services, Citibank receives a portion of the amount earned by the fund for lending securities.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 17

The following table sets forth, for the fund's most recently completed fiscal year, the fund's dollar amount of income and fees and/or other compensation related to its securities lending activities. Net income from securities lending activities may differ from the amount reported in the fund's Form N-CSR, which reflects estimated accruals.

                                                                                                     
Gross income from securities lending activities                                                     $15,000
Fees paid to securities lending agent from a revenue split                                          1,000
Fees paid for any cash collateral management service (including fees deducted from a pooled cash collateral reinvestment vehicle) not included in the revenue split0
Administrative fees not included in the revenue split                                               0
Indemnification fees not included in the revenue split                                              0
Rebates (paid to borrower)                                                                          9,000
Other fees not included in the revenue split                                                        0
Aggregate fees/compensation for securities lending activities                                       10,000
Net income from securities lending activities                                                       5,000


* * * * * *

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 18

Portfolio turnover - Portfolio changes will be made without regard to the length of time particular investments may have been held. Short-term trading profits are not the fund's objective, and changes in its investments are generally accomplished gradually, though short-term transactions may occasionally be made. Higher portfolio turnover may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs in the form of dealer spreads or brokerage commissions. It may also result in the realization of net capital gains, which are taxable when distributed to shareholders, unless the shareholder is exempt from taxation or his or her account is tax-favored.

The fund's portfolio turnover rates for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024 were 26% and 26%, respectively. Variations in turnover rates are due to changes in trading activity during the period. The portfolio turnover rate would equal 100% if each security in a fund's portfolio were replaced once per year.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 19

Fund policies

All percentage limitations in the following fund policies are considered at the time securities are purchased and are based on the fund's net assets (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, collateral held in connection with securities lending activities) unless otherwise indicated. None of the following policies involving a maximum percentage of assets will be considered violated unless the excess occurs immediately after, and is caused by, an acquisition by the fund. In managing the fund, the fund's investment adviser may apply more restrictive policies than those listed below.

Fundamental policies - The fund has adopted the following policies, which may not be changed without approval by holders of a majority of its outstanding shares. Such majority is currently defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), as the vote of the lesser of ( a ) 67% or more of the voting securities present at a shareholder meeting, if the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities are present in person or by proxy, or ( b ) more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities.

1. Except as permitted by ( i ) the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, or other successor law governing the regulation of registered investment companies, or interpretations or modifications thereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), SEC staff or other authority of competent jurisdiction, or ( ii ) exemptive or other relief or permission from the SEC, SEC staff or other authority of competent jurisdiction, the fund may not:

a. Borrow money;

b. Issue senior securities;

c. Underwrite the securities of other issuers;

d. Purchase or sell real estate or commodities;

e. Make loans; or

f. Purchase the securities of any issuer if, as a result of such purchase, the fund's investments would be concentrated in any particular industry.

2. The fund may not invest in companies for the purpose of exercising control or management.

Nonfundamental policies - The following policy may be changed without shareholder approval:

The fund may not acquire securities of open-end investment companies or unit investment trusts registered under the 1940 Act in reliance on Sections 12(d)(1)(F) or 12(d)(1)(G) of the 1940 Act.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 20

Additional information about the fund's policies - The information below is not part of the fund's fundamental or nonfundamental policies. This information is intended to provide a summary of what is currently required or permitted by the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, or by the interpretive guidance thereof by the SEC or SEC staff, for particular fundamental policies of the fund. Information is also provided regarding the fund's current intention with respect to certain investment practices permitted by the 1940 Act.

For purposes of fundamental policy 1a, the fund may borrow money in amounts of up to 33-1/3% of its total assets from banks for any purpose. Additionally, the fund may borrow up to 5% of its total assets from banks or other lenders for temporary purposes (a loan is presumed to be for temporary purposes if it is repaid within 60 days and is not extended or renewed). The percentage limitations in this policy are considered at the time of borrowing and thereafter.

For purposes of fundamental policies 1a and 1e, the fund may borrow money from, or loan money to, other funds managed by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates to the extent permitted by applicable law and an exemptive order issued by the SEC.

For purposes of fundamental policy 1b, a senior security does not include any promissory note or evidence of indebtedness if such loan is for temporary purposes only and in an amount not exceeding 5% of the value of the total assets of the fund at the time the loan is made (a loan is presumed to be for temporary purposes if it is repaid within 60 days and is not extended or renewed). Further, the fund is permitted to enter into derivatives and certain other transactions, notwithstanding the prohibitions and restrictions on the issuance of senior securities under the 1940 Act, in accordance with current SEC rules and interpretations.

For purposes of fundamental policy 1c, the policy will not apply to the fund to the extent the fund may be deemed an underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 Act in connection with the purchase and sale of fund portfolio securities in the ordinary course of pursuing its investment objective(s) and strategies.

For purposes of fundamental policy 1e, the fund may not lend more than 33-1/3% of its total assets, provided that this limitation shall not apply to the fund's purchase of debt obligations.

For purposes of fundamental policy 1f, the fund may not invest more than 25% of its total assets in the securities of issuers in a particular industry. This policy does not apply to investments in securities of the U.S. government, its agencies or U.S. government sponsored enterprises or repurchase agreements with respect thereto.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 21

Management of the fund

Board of trustees and officers

Independent trustees1

The fund's nominating and governance committee and board select independent trustees with a view toward constituting a board that, as a body, possesses the qualifications, skills, attributes and experience to appropriately oversee the actions of the fund's service providers, decide upon matters of general policy and represent the long-term interests of fund shareholders. In doing so, they consider the qualifications, skills, attributes and experience of the current board members, with a view toward maintaining a board that is diverse in viewpoint, experience, education and skills.

The fund seeks independent trustees who have high ethical standards and the highest levels of integrity and commitment, who have inquiring and independent minds, mature judgment, good communication skills, and other complementary personal qualifications and skills that enable them to function effectively in the context of the fund's board and committee structure and who have the ability and willingness to dedicate sufficient time to effectively fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

Each independent trustee has a significant record of accomplishments in governance, business, not-for-profit organizations, government service, academia, law, accounting or other professions. Although no single list could identify all experience upon which the fund's independent trustees draw in connection with their service, the following table summarizes key experience for each independent trustee. These references to the qualifications, attributes and skills of the trustees are pursuant to the disclosure requirements of the SEC, and shall not be deemed to impose any greater responsibility or liability on any trustee or the board as a whole. Notwithstanding the accomplishments listed below, none of the independent trustees is considered an "expert" within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to information in the fund's registration statement.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 22

Name, year of birth and position with fund (year first elected as a trustee2)

Principal

occupation(s)

during the

past five years

Number of

portfolios

in fund complex overseen

by

trustee3

Other directorships

held

by trustee during the past five years4

Other relevant experience

John G. Freund, MD, 1953

Trustee (2023)

Founder and former Managing Director, Skyline Ventures (a venture capital investor in health care companies); Co-Founder of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (1995 - 2000); Co-Founder and former CEO of Arixa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (2016 - 2020)

96

Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.; SI - Bone, Inc.

Former director of Sutro Biopharma, Inc. (until 2025)

· Experience in investment banking and senior management at multiple venture capital firms, a medical device company and a biopharmaceutical company

· Corporate board experience

· MD, MBA

Pablo R. González Guajardo, 1967

Trustee (2019)

CEO, Kimberly-Clark de México, SAB de CV

22

América Móvil, SAB de CV (telecommunications company); Kimberly-Clark de México, SAB de CV (consumer staples)

Former director Grupo Lala, SAB de CV (dairy company) (until 2022); Grupo Sanborns, SAB de CV (retail stores and restaurants) (until 2023)

· Service as a chief executive officer

· Senior corporate management experience

· Corporate board experience

· Service on advisory and trustee boards for nonprofit organizations

· MBA

Pedro J. Greer Jr., 1956

Trustee (2026)

Physician; Professor and Founding Dean, College of Medicine, Roseman University of Health Sciences; former Chairman/Associate Dean, Florida International University

19

None

· Development of health delivery systems; domestically and internationally reforming medical education

· MD

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 23

Name, year of birth and position with fund (year first elected as a trustee2)

Principal

occupation(s)

during the

past five years

Number of

portfolios

in fund complex overseen

by

trustee3

Other directorships

held

by trustee during the past five years4

Other relevant experience

Merit E. Janow, 1958

Trustee (2023)

Dean Emerita and Professor of Practice, International Economic Law & International Affairs, Columbia University, School of International and Public Affairs

56

Aptiv (autonomous and green vehicle technology); Mastercard Incorporated

Former director of Trimble Inc. (software, hardware and services technology) (until 2021)

· Service with Office of the U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Department of Justice

· Corporate board experience

· Service on advisory and trustee boards for charitable, educational and nonprofit organizations

· Experience as corporate lawyer

· JD

William D. Jones, 1955

Trustee (2019)

Managing Member, CityLink LLC (investing and consulting); former President and CEO, CityLink Investment Corporation (acquires, develops and manages real estate ventures in urban communities)

22

Former director of Sempra Energy (until 2022); Biogen Inc. (until 2023)

· Senior investment and management experience, real estate

· Corporate board experience

· Government service

· Service as a city councilmember and deputy mayor

· Service as director, Federal Reserve Boards of San Francisco and Los Angeles

· Service on advisory and trustee boards for charitable, educational, municipal and nonprofit organizations

· MBA

Earl Lewis Jr., 1955

Trustee (2026)

Professor and Director, University of Michigan

19

Former director of 2U, Inc. (educational technology company) (until 2024)

· Senior academic leadership positions at multiple universities

· Service on advisory and trustee boards for educational and nonprofit organizations

· PhD, history

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 24

Name, year of birth and position with fund (year first elected as a trustee2)

Principal

occupation(s)

during the

past five years

Number of

portfolios

in fund complex overseen

by

trustee3

Other directorships

held

by trustee during the past five years4

Other relevant experience

Kenneth M. Simril, 1965

Trustee (2023)

President and CEO, SCI Ingredients Holdings, Inc. (food manufacturing); former President and CEO, Fleischmann's Ingredients (2016 - 2022)

96

Bunge Limited (agricultural business and food company)

Former director of At Home Group Inc. (until 2021)

· Service as operating executive in various private equity-owned companies

· Experience in international business affairs, capital markets and risk management

· Independent trustee and advisor for city and county public pension plans

· MBA, finance, BS, engineering

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 25

Name, year of birth and position with fund (year first elected as a trustee2)

Principal

occupation(s)

during the

past five years

Number of

portfolios

in fund complex overseen

by

trustee3

Other directorships

held

by trustee during the past five years4

Other relevant experience

Christopher E. Stone, 1956

Chair of the Board (Independent and Non-Executive) (2026)

Professor of Practice of Public Integrity, University of Oxford, Blavatnik School of Government

96

None

· Service on advisory and trustee boards for charitable, international jurisprudence and nonprofit organizations

· Former professor, practice of criminal justice

· Former president of a large complex of global philanthropies

· JD, Mphil, criminology

Kathy J. Williams, 1955

Trustee (2023)

Board Chair, Above and Beyond Teaching

19

None

· Experience in international and government affairs in the transportation field

· Experience as chief operating officer

· Service as Board Commissioner for county human rights and juvenile justice delinquency prevention commissions

· Service on advisory and trustee boards for charitable, educational and nonprofit organizations

· MBA

Amy Zegart, PhD 1967

Trustee (2026)

Morris Arnold and Nona Jean Cox Senior Fellow, Hoover Institution; Senior Fellow and Associate Director, Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence, Stanford University

22

Kratos Defense & Security Solutions

· Senior academic leadership positions

· Corporate board experience

· Author

· Consultant

· PhD, Political Science

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 26

Interested trustees5,6

Interested trustees have similar qualifications, skills and attributes as the independent trustees. Interested trustees are senior executive officers of Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates. This management role also permits them to make a significant contribution to the fund's board.

Name, year of birth

and position with fund

(year first elected

as a trustee/officer2)

Principal occupation(s)

during the

past five years

and positions

held with affiliated

entities or the

Principal Underwriter

of the fund

Number of

portfolios

in fund complex overseen

by trustee3

Other directorships4

held by trustee

during the

past five years

Noriko Honda Chen, 1967

Trustee (2026)

Partner - Capital International Investors, Capital Research and Management Company; Chair, President, Principal Executive Officer and Director, Capital Research Company*; President and Director, Capital International, Inc.*; Director, The Capital Group Companies, Inc.*; Director, Capital International K.K.* 19

None

Mathews Cherian, 1967

Trustee (2026)

Partner - Capital World Investors, Capital Research and Management Company; Partner - Capital World Investors, Capital Bank and Trust Company* 19

None

Other officers 6

                                                                             
Name, year of birthand position with fund(year first electedas an officer2) Principal occupation(s) during the past five yearsand positions held with affiliated entitiesor the Principal Underwriter of the fund
Brant W. Thompson, 1973President (2025)                                     Partner - Capital International Investors, Capital Research and Management Company
Donald H. Rolfe, 1972Principal Executive Officer (2024)                     Senior Vice President - Legal and Compliance Group, Capital Research and Management Company; Secretary, Capital Research and Management Company
Michael W. Stockton, 1967Executive Vice President (2021)                    Senior Vice President - Legal and Compliance Group, Capital Research and Management Company
Jennifer L. Butler, 1966Secretary (2023)                                    Assistant Vice President - Legal and Compliance Group, Capital Research and Management Company
Gregory F. Niland, 1971Treasurer (2019)                                     Vice President - Legal and Compliance Group, Capital Research and Management Company

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 27

                                                                             
Name, year of birthand position with fund(year first electedas an officer2) Principal occupation(s) during the past five yearsand positions held with affiliated entitiesor the Principal Underwriter of the fund
Melissa Leyva, 1976Assistant Secretary (2026)                               Associate - Legal and Compliance Group, Capital Research and Management Company
Sandra Chuon, 1972Assistant Treasurer (2019)                                Vice President - Investment Operations, Capital Research and Management Company
Mariah L. Coria, 1984Assistant Treasurer (2023)                             Assistant Vice President - Legal and Compliance Group, Capital Research and Management Company

* Company affiliated with Capital Research and Management Company.

1 The term independent trustee refers to a trustee who is not an "interested person" of the fund within the meaning of the 1940 Act.

2 Trustees and officers of the fund serve until their resignation, removal or retirement.

3 Funds managed by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates.

4 This includes all directorships/trusteeships (other than those in the fund or other funds managed by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates) that are held by each trustee as a director/trustee of a public company or a registered investment company. Unless otherwise noted, all directorships/trusteeships are current.

5 The term interested trustee refers to a trustee who is an "interested person" of the fund within the meaning of the 1940 Act, on the basis of his or her affiliation with the fund's investment adviser, Capital Research and Management Company, or affiliated entities (including the fund's principal underwriter).

6 All of the trustees and/or officers listed are officers of one or more of the other funds for which Capital Research and Management Company serves as investment adviser.

The address for all trustees and officers of the fund is 333 South Hope Street, 55th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90071, Attention: Secretary.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 28

Fund shares owned by trustees as of December 31, 2024:

                                            
Name                       Dollar rangeof fundshares owned* Aggregatedollar range* of sharesownedin all fundsoverseen bytrusteein same family ofinvestmentcompanies as the fund
Independent trustees
John G. Freund             None            Over $100,000
Pablo R. González Guajardo None            Over $100,000
Pedro J. Greer, Jr.        None            None
Merit E. Janow             None            Over $100,000
William D. Jones           $10,001-$50,000 Over $100,000
Earl Lewis, Jr.            None            $50,001-$100,000
Kenneth M. Simril          None            Over $100,000
Christopher E. Stone       None            Over $100,000
Kathy J. Williams          Over $100,000   Over $100,000
Amy Zegart                 $1-$10,000      Over $100,000


                        
Name              Dollar rangeof fundshares owned* Aggregatedollar range* of sharesownedin all fundsoverseen bytrusteein same family ofinvestmentcompanies as the fund
Interested trustees
Noriko Honda Chen None Over $100,000
Mathews Cherian   None Over $100,000


* Ownership disclosure is made using the following ranges: None; $1 - $10,000; $10,001 - $50,000; $50,001 - $100,000; and Over $100,000.

Trustee compensation - No compensation is paid by the fund to any officer or trustee who is a director, officer or employee of the investment adviser or its affiliates. Except for the independent trustees listed in the "Board of trustees and officers - Independent trustees" table under the "Management of the fund" section in this statement of additional information, all other officers and trustees of the fund are directors, officers or employees of the investment adviser or its affiliates. The board typically meets either individually or jointly with the boards of one or more other such funds with substantially overlapping board membership (in each case referred to as a "board cluster"). The fund typically pays each independent trustee an annual retainer fee based primarily on the total number of board clusters which that independent trustee serves. Board and committee chairs receive additional fees for their services.

The fund and the other funds served by each independent trustee each pay a portion of these fees.

No pension or retirement benefits are accrued as part of fund expenses. Generally, independent trustees may elect, on a voluntary basis, to defer all or a portion of their fees through a deferred compensation plan in effect for the fund. The fund also reimburses certain expenses of the independent trustees.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 29

Trustee compensation earned during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025:

                                                                                   
Name                                          Aggregate compensationfrom the fund Total compensationfrom all fundsmanaged by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates
John G. Freund                                $172                                $521,750
Pablo R. González Guajardo                    231                                 582,083
Pedro J. Greer, Jr(elected January 1, 2026)   None                                287,500
Merit E. Janow                                173                                 577,750
William D. Jones                              191                                 599,917
Earl Lewis Jr.(elected January 1, 2026)       None                                277,500
John C. Mazziotta(retired December 31, 2024)  68                                  68,250
Kenneth M. Simril                             197                                 375,000
Christopher E. Stone(elected January 1, 2026) None                                465,750
Kathy J. Williams                             201                                 392,000
Amy Zegart(elected January 1, 2026)           None                                423,333


Fund organization and the board of trustees - The fund, an open-end, diversified management investment company, was organized within Capital Group Private Client Services Funds, a Delaware statutory trust, on October 22, 2009, and was reorganized into a new Delaware statutory trust on November 8, 2019. Although the board of trustees has delegated day-to-day oversight to the investment adviser, all fund operations are supervised by the fund's board of trustees which meets periodically and performs duties required by applicable state and federal laws.

Delaware law charges trustees with the duty of managing the business affairs of the trust. Trustees are considered to be fiduciaries of the trust and owe duties of care and loyalty to the trust and its shareholders.

The fund has one class of shares. Fund shares have pro rata rights as to voting, redemption, dividends and liquidation. In addition, the trustees have the authority to establish new series and classes of shares, and to split or combine outstanding shares into a greater or lesser number, without shareholder approval.

The fund does not hold annual meetings of shareholders. However, significant matters that require shareholder approval, such as certain elections of board members or a change in a fundamental investment policy, will be presented to shareholders at a meeting called for such purpose. Shareholders have one vote per share owned. At the request of the holders of at least 10% of the shares, the fund will hold a meeting at which any member of the board could be removed by a majority vote.

The fund's declaration of trust and by-laws that the fund has entered into provide in effect that, subject to certain conditions, the fund will indemnify its officers and trustees against liabilities or expenses actually and reasonably incurred by them relating to their service to the fund. However, trustees are not protected from liability by reason of their willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of their office.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 30

Leadership structure - The board's chair is currently an independent trustee who is not an "interested person" of the fund within the meaning of the 1940 Act. The board has determined that an independent chair facilitates oversight and enhances the effectiveness of the board. The independent chair's duties include, without limitation, generally presiding at meetings of the board, approving board meeting schedules and agendas, leading meetings of the independent trustees in executive session, facilitating communication with committee chairs, and serving as the principal independent trustee contact for fund management and counsel to the independent trustees and the fund.

Risk oversight - Day-to-day management of the fund, including risk management, is the responsibility of the fund's contractual service providers, including the fund's investment adviser, principal underwriter/distributor and transfer agent. Each of these entities is responsible for specific portions of the fund's operations, including the processes and associated risks relating to the fund's investments, integrity of cash movements, financial reporting, operations and compliance. The board of trustees oversees the service providers' discharge of their responsibilities, including the processes they use to manage relevant risks. In that regard, the board receives reports regarding the operations of the fund's service providers, including risks. For example, the board receives reports from investment professionals regarding risks related to the fund's investments and trading. The board also receives compliance reports from the fund's and the investment adviser's chief compliance officers addressing certain areas of risk.

Committees of the fund's board, which are comprised of independent board members, none of whom is an "interested person" of the fund within the meaning of the 1940 Act, also explore risk management procedures in particular areas and then report back to the full board. For example, the fund's audit committee oversees the processes and certain attendant risks relating to financial reporting, valuation of fund assets, and related controls.

Not all risks that may affect the fund can be identified or processes and controls developed to eliminate or mitigate their effect. Moreover, it is necessary to bear certain risks (such as investment-related risks) to achieve the fund's objectives. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, the ability of the fund's service providers to eliminate or mitigate risks is subject to limitations.

Committees of the board of trustees - The fund has an audit committee comprised of John G. Freund, Pablo R. González Guajardo, Pedro J. Greer Jr., Earl Lewis Jr., Kenneth M. Simril and Amy Zegart. The committee provides oversight regarding the fund's accounting and financial reporting policies and practices, its internal controls and the internal controls of the fund's principal service providers. The committee acts as a liaison between the fund's independent registered public accounting firm and the full board of trustees. The audit committee held five meetings during the 2025 fiscal year.

The fund has a contracts committee comprised of all of its independent board members. The committee's principal function is to request, review and consider the information deemed necessary to evaluate the terms of certain agreements between the fund and its investment adviser or the investment adviser's affiliates, such as the Investment Advisory and Service Agreement, Principal Underwriting Agreement, and Shareholder Services Agreement that the fund may enter into, renew or continue, and to make its recommendations to the full board of trustees on these matters. The contracts committee held one meeting during the 2025 fiscal year.

The fund has a nominating and governance committee comprised of Merit E. Janow, William D. Jones, Christopher E. Stone and Kathy J. Williams. The committee periodically reviews such issues as the board's composition, responsibilities, committees, compensation and other relevant issues, and recommends any appropriate changes to the full board of trustees. The committee also coordinates annual self-assessments of the board and evaluates, selects and nominates independent trustee candidates to the full board of trustees. While the committee normally is able to identify from its own and other resources an ample number of qualified candidates, it will consider shareholder suggestions

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 31

of persons to be considered as nominees to fill future vacancies on the board. Such suggestions must be sent in writing to the nominating and governance committee of the fund, addressed to the fund's secretary, and must be accompanied by complete biographical and occupational data on the prospective nominee, along with a written consent of the prospective nominee for consideration of his or her name by the committee. The nominating and governance committee held two meetings during the 2025 fiscal year.

Proxy voting procedures and principles - The fund's investment adviser, in consultation with the fund's board, has adopted Proxy Voting Procedures and Principles (the "Principles") with respect to voting proxies of securities held by the fund and other funds advised by the investment adviser or its affiliates. The Principles are reasonably designed to ensure that proxies are voted solely in accordance with the financial interest of the clients of the investment adviser or its affiliates and the shareholders of the funds advised or managed by the investment adviser or its affiliates. The complete text of the Principles is available at capitalgroup.com. Final voting authority is held by a committee of the appropriate equity investment division of the investment adviser under authority delegated by the funds' boards. The Boards of the funds and funds advised by Capital Research and Management Company and its affiliates have established a Joint Proxy Committee ("JPC") composed of independent board members who serve as representatives from the fund and each applicable fund board. The JPC's role is to facilitate appropriate oversight of the proxy voting process and provide valuable input on corporate governance and related matters.

The Principles provide an important framework for analysis and decision-making by all funds. However, they are not exhaustive and do not address all potential issues. The Principles provide a certain amount of flexibility so that all relevant facts and circumstances can be considered in connection with every vote. As a result, each proxy received is voted on a case-by-case basis considering the specific circumstances of each proposal. The voting process reflects the funds' understanding of the company's business, its management and its relationship with shareholders over time. In all cases, long-term value creation and the investment objectives and policies of the funds managed by the investment adviser remain the focus.

The investment adviser seeks to vote all U.S. proxies. Proxies for companies outside the United States are also voted where there is sufficient time and information available, taking into account distinct market practices, regulations and laws, and types of proposals presented in each country. Where there is insufficient proxy and meeting agenda information available, the investment adviser will generally vote against such proposals in the interest of encouraging improved disclosure for investors. The investment adviser may not exercise its voting authority if voting would impose costs on clients, including opportunity costs. For example, certain regulators have granted investment limit relief to the investment adviser and its affiliates, conditioned upon limiting voting power to specific voting ceilings. To comply with these voting ceilings, the investment adviser will scale back its votes across all funds and accounts it manages on a pro rata basis based on assets. In addition, certain countries impose restrictions on the ability of shareholders to sell shares during the proxy solicitation period. The investment adviser may choose, due to liquidity issues, not to expose the funds and accounts it manages to such restrictions and may not vote some (or all) shares. Finally, the investment adviser may determine not to recall securities on loan to exercise its voting rights when it determines that the cost of doing so would exceed the benefits to clients or that the vote would not have a material impact on the investment. Proxies with respect to securities on loan through client-directed lending programs are not available to vote and therefore are not voted.

After a proxy statement is received, the investment adviser's stewardship and engagement team prepares a summary of the proposals contained in the proxy statement.

Investment analysts are generally responsible for making voting recommendations for their investment division on significant votes that relate to companies in their coverage areas. Analysts also have the opportunity to review initial recommendations made by the investment adviser's stewardship and

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 32

engagement team. Depending on the vote recommendation, a second opinion may be made by a proxy coordinator (an investment professional with experience in corporate governance and proxy voting matters) within the appropriate investment division, based on knowledge of the Principles and familiarity with proxy-related issues. Each of the investment adviser's equity investment divisions has its own proxy voting committee, which is made up of investment professionals within each division. Each division's proxy voting committee retains final authority for voting decisions made by such division. In cases where a fund is co-managed and a security is held by more than one of the investment adviser's equity investment divisions, the divisions may develop different voting recommendations for individual ballot proposals. If this occurs, and if permitted by local market conventions, the fund's position will generally be voted proportionally by divisional holding, according to their respective decisions. Otherwise, the outcome will be determined by the equity investment division or divisions with the larger position in the security as of the record date for the shareholder meeting.

In addition to its proprietary proxy voting, governance and executive compensation research, Capital Research and Management Company may utilize research provided by third-party advisory firms on a case-by-case basis. It does not, as a policy, follow the voting recommendations provided by these firms. It periodically assesses the information provided by the advisory firms and reports to the applicable governance committees that provide oversight of the application of the Principles.

From time to time, the investment adviser may vote proxies issued by, or on proposals sponsored or publicly supported by (a) a client with substantial assets managed by the investment adviser or its affiliates, (b) an entity with a significant business relationship with The Capital Group Companies, Inc. or its affiliates, or (c) a company with a director of the fund or an American Fund on its board (each referred to as an "Interested Party"). Other persons or entities may also be deemed an Interested Party if facts or circumstances appear to give rise to a potential conflict.

The investment adviser has developed procedures to identify and address instances when a vote could appear to be influenced by such a relationship. Each equity investment division of the investment adviser has established a Special Review Committee ("SRC") of senior investment professionals and legal and compliance professionals with oversight of potentially conflicted matters.

If a potential conflict is identified according to the procedure above, the SRC will take appropriate steps to address the conflict of interest. These steps may include engaging an independent third party to review the proxy and using the Principles to provide an independent voting recommendation to the investment adviser for vote execution. The investment adviser will generally follow the third party's recommendation, except when it believes the recommendation is inconsistent with the investment adviser's fiduciary duty to its clients. Occasionally, it may not be feasible to engage the third party to review the matter due to compressed timeframes or other operational issues. In this case, the SRC will take appropriate steps to address the conflict of interest, including reviewing the proxy after being provided with a summary of any relevant communications with the Interested Party, the rationale for the voting decision, information on the organization's relationship with the Interested Party and any other pertinent information.

Information regarding how the fund voted proxies relating to portfolio securities during the 12-month period ended June 30 of each year will be available on or about September 1 of such year ( a ) without charge, upon request by calling American Funds Service Company at (800) 421-4225, and ( b ) on the SEC's website at sec.gov.

The following summary sets forth the general positions of the investment adviser on various proposals. A copy of the full Principles is available upon request, free of charge, by calling American Funds Service Company.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 33

Director matters - The election of a company's slate of nominees for director generally is supported. Votes may be withheld for some or all of the nominees if this is determined to be in the best interest of shareholders or if, in the opinion of the investment adviser, such nominee has not fulfilled his or her fiduciary duty. In making this determination, the investment adviser considers, among other things, a nominee's potential conflicts of interest, track record (whether in the current board seat or in previous executive or director roles) with respect to shareholder protection and value creation as well as their capacity for full engagement on board matters. The investment adviser generally supports a breadth of experience and perspectives among board members, and the separation of the chairman and CEO positions.

Governance provisions - Proposals to declassify a board (elect all directors annually) generally are supported based on the belief that this increases the directors' sense of accountability to shareholders. Proposals for cumulative voting generally are supported in order to promote management and board accountability and an opportunity for leadership change. Proposals designed to make director elections more meaningful, either by requiring a majority vote or by requiring any director receiving more withhold votes than affirmative votes to tender his or her resignation, generally are supported.

Shareholder rights - Proposals to repeal an existing poison pill generally are supported. (There may be certain circumstances, however, when a proxy voting committee of a fund or an investment division of the investment adviser believes that a company needs to maintain anti-takeover protection.) Proposals to eliminate the right of shareholders to act by written consent or to take away a shareholder's right to call a special meeting typically are not supported.

Compensation and benefit plans - Equity incentive plans are complicated, and many factors are considered in evaluating a plan. Each plan is evaluated based on protecting shareholder interests and a knowledge of the company and its management. Considerations include the pricing (or repricing) of options awarded under the plan and the impact of dilution on existing shareholders from past and future equity awards. Compensation packages should be structured to attract, motivate and retain existing employees and qualified directors; in addition, they should be aligned with the long-term success of the company and the enhancement of shareholder value.

Routine matters - The ratification of auditors, procedural matters relating to the annual meeting and changes to company name are examples of items considered routine. Such items generally are voted in favor of management's recommendations unless circumstances indicate otherwise.

Shareholder proposals on environmental and social issues - The investment adviser believes environmental and social issues present investment risks and opportunities that can shape a company's long-term financial sustainability. Shareholder proposals, including those relating to social and environmental issues, are evaluated in terms of their materiality to the company and its ability to generate long-term value in light of the company's business model specific operating context. The investment adviser generally supports transparency and standardized disclosure, particularly that which leverages existing regulatory reporting or industry best practices. With respect to environmental matters, this includes disclosures aligned with industry standards and reporting on sustainability issues that are material to investment analysis. With respect to social matters, the investment adviser encourages companies to disclose the composition of the workforce in a regionally appropriate manner. The investment adviser supports relevant reporting and disclosure that is consistent with broadly applicable standards.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 34

Principal fund shareholders - The following table identifies those investors who own of record, or are known by the fund to own beneficially, 5% or more of any class of its shares as of the opening of business on December 1, 2025. Unless otherwise indicated, the ownership percentages below represent ownership of record rather than beneficial ownership.

                                    
Name and Address Ownership Ownership Percentage
Pershing, LLC    Record    Class M 80.37%
Jersey City, NJ                     
                                    
BNY Mellon N A   Record    Class M 9.00%
Pittsburgh, PA                      
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


As of December 1, 2025, the officers and trustees of the fund, as a group, owned beneficially or of record less than 1% of the outstanding shares of the fund.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 35

Investment adviser - Capital Research and Management Company, the fund's investment adviser, founded in 1931, maintains research facilities in the United States and abroad (Geneva, Hong Kong, London, Los Angeles, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, Singapore, Tokyo, Toronto and Washington, D.C.). These facilities are staffed with experienced investment professionals. The investment adviser is located at 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Capital Group Companies, Inc., a holding company for several investment management subsidiaries. Capital Research and Management Company manages equity assets through three equity investment divisions and fixed income assets through its fixed income investment division, Capital Fixed Income Investors. The three equity investment divisions - Capital World Investors, Capital Research Global Investors and Capital International Investors - make investment decisions independently of one another. Portfolio managers in Capital International Investors rely on a research team that also provides investment services to institutional clients and other accounts advised by affiliates of Capital Research and Management Company. The investment adviser, which is deemed under the Commodity Exchange Act (the "CEA") to be the operator of the fund, has claimed an exclusion from the definition of the term commodity pool operator under the CEA with respect to the fund and, therefore, is not subject to registration or regulation as such under the CEA with respect to the fund.

The investment adviser has adopted policies and procedures that address issues that may arise as a result of an investment professional's management of the fund and other funds and accounts. Potential issues could involve allocation of investment opportunities and trades among funds and accounts, use of information regarding the timing of fund trades, investment professional compensation and voting relating to portfolio securities. The investment adviser believes that its policies and procedures are reasonably designed to address these issues.

Compensation of investment professionals - As described in the prospectus, the investment adviser uses a system of multiple portfolio managers in managing fund assets. In addition, a portion of a fund's portfolio may include the investment decisions of Capital Research and Management Company's investment analysts.

Portfolio managers and investment analysts are paid competitive salaries by Capital Research and Management Company. In addition, they may receive bonuses based on their individual portfolio results. Investment professionals also may participate in profit-sharing plans. The relative mix of compensation represented by bonuses, salary and profit-sharing plans will vary depending on the individual's portfolio results, contributions to the organization and other factors.

To encourage a long-term focus, bonuses based on investment results are calculated by comparing total investment returns to relevant benchmarks over the most recent one-, three-, five- and eight-year periods, with increasing weight placed on each succeeding measurement period. For portfolio managers, benchmarks may include measures of the marketplaces in which the fund invests and measures of the results of comparable mutual funds. For investment analysts, benchmarks may include relevant market measures and appropriate industry or sector indexes reflecting their areas of expertise. Capital Research and Management Company makes periodic subjective assessments of analysts' contributions to the investment process and this is an element of their overall compensation. The investment results of each of the fund's portfolio managers may be measured against one or more benchmarks, depending on his or her investment focus, such as S&P 500 Index and a custom average consisting of funds that disclose investment objectives and strategies comparable to those of the fund. From time to time, Capital Research and Management Company may adjust or customize these benchmarks to better reflect the investment objective(s) of the fund and/or the universe of comparably managed funds of competitive investment management firms.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 36

Portfolio manager fund holdings and other managed accounts - As described below, portfolio managers may personally own shares of the fund. In addition, portfolio managers may manage portions of other registered investment companies or accounts advised by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates.

The following table reflects information as of October 31, 2025:

Portfolio

manager

Dollar range

of fund

shares

owned1

Number

of other

registered

investment

companies (RICs)

for which

portfolio

manager

is a manager

(assets of RICs

in billions)2

Number

of other

pooled

investment

vehicles (PIVs)

for which

portfolio

manager

is a manager

(assets of PIVs

in billions)2

Number

of other

accounts

for which

portfolio

manager

is a manager

(assets of

other accounts

in billions)2,3

Cheryl E. Frank

Over $1,000,000

4

$164.1

1

$4.69

128

$19.24

Greg Miliotes

$500,001 - $1,000,000

1

$177.7

3

$4.47

128

$19.24

Brant W. Thompson

Over $1,000,000

4

$183.5

2

$5.45

230

$21.08

1 Ownership disclosure is made using the following ranges: None; $1 - $10,000; $10,001 - $50,000; $50,001 - $100,000; $100,001 - $500,000; $500,001 - $1,000,000; and Over $1,000,000.

2 Indicates other RIC(s), PIV(s) or other accounts managed by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates for which the portfolio manager also has significant day to day management responsibilities. Assets noted are the total net assets of the RIC(s), PIV(s) or other accounts and are not the total assets managed by the individual, which is a substantially lower amount. No RIC, PIV or other account has an advisory fee that is based on the performance of the RIC, PIV or other account, unless otherwise noted.

3 Personal brokerage accounts of portfolio managers and their families are not reflected.

The fund's investment adviser has adopted policies and procedures to mitigate material conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with a portfolio manager's management of the fund, on the one hand, and investments in the other pooled investment vehicles and other accounts, on the other hand, such as material conflicts relating to the allocation of investment opportunities that may be suitable for both the fund and such other accounts.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 37

Investment Advisory and Service Agreement - The Investment Advisory and Service Agreement (the "Agreement") between the fund and the investment adviser will continue in effect until January 31, 2027, unless sooner terminated, and may be renewed from year to year thereafter, provided that any such renewal has been specifically approved at least annually by ( a ) the board of trustees, or by the vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the outstanding voting securities of the fund, and ( b ) the vote of a majority of trustees who are not parties to the Agreement or interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The Agreement provides that the investment adviser has no liability to the fund for its acts or omissions in the performance of its obligations to the fund not involving willful misconduct, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations under the Agreement. The Agreement also provides that either party has the right to terminate it, without penalty, upon 60 days' written notice to the other party, and that the Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act). In addition, the Agreement provides that the investment adviser may delegate all, or a portion of, its investment management responsibilities to one or more subsidiary advisers approved by the fund's board, pursuant to an agreement between the investment adviser and such subsidiary. Any such subsidiary adviser will be paid solely by the investment adviser out of its fees.

In addition to providing investment advisory services, the investment adviser furnishes the services and pays the compensation and travel expenses of persons to perform the fund's executive, administrative, clerical and bookkeeping functions, and provides suitable office space, necessary small office equipment and utilities, supplies and postage used at the fund's offices.

The fund pays brokerage expenses, taxes, interest, compensation, fees and expenses of the independent trustees (including legal counsel fees) and extraordinary expenses, such as litigation expenses. All other fees for the fund are paid by the investment adviser out of its management fee.

Under the Agreement, the investment adviser receives a management fee at the annual rate of 0.425%. Management fees are paid monthly and accrued daily based on the average net assets of the fund.

For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the investment adviser earned from the fund management fees of $1,589,000, $1,482,000 and $1,243,000, respectively.

Principal Underwriter - Capital Client Group, Inc. (the "Principal Underwriter") is the principal underwriter of the fund's shares. The Principal Underwriter is located at 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071; 6455 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618; 3500 Wiseman Boulevard, San Antonio, TX 78251; 12811 North Meridian Street, Carmel, IN 46032; 399 Park Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, NY 10022; and 444 W. Lake Street, Suite 4600, Chicago, IL 60606.

The Principal Underwriter does not receive any compensation related to the sale of shares of the fund.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 38

Execution of portfolio transactions

The investment adviser places orders with broker-dealers for the fund's portfolio transactions. Purchases and sales of equity securities on a securities exchange or an over-the-counter market are effected through broker-dealers who receive commissions for their services. Generally, commissions relating to securities traded on foreign exchanges will be higher than commissions relating to securities traded on U.S. exchanges and may not be subject to negotiation. Equity securities may also be purchased from underwriters at prices that include underwriting fees. Purchases and sales of fixed income securities are generally made with an issuer or a primary market maker acting as principal with no stated brokerage commission. The price paid to an underwriter for fixed income securities includes underwriting fees. Prices for fixed income securities in secondary trades usually include undisclosed compensation to the market maker reflecting the spread between the bid and ask prices for the securities.

In selecting broker-dealers, the investment adviser strives to obtain "best execution" (the most favorable total price reasonably attainable under the circumstances) for the fund's portfolio transactions, taking into account a variety of factors. These factors include the size and type of transaction, the nature and character of the markets for the security to be purchased or sold, the cost, quality, likely speed and reliability of execution and settlement, the broker-dealer's or execution venue's ability to offer liquidity and anonymity and the trade-off between market impact and opportunity costs. The investment adviser considers these factors, which involve qualitative judgments, when selecting broker-dealers and execution venues for fund portfolio transactions. The investment adviser views best execution as a process that should be evaluated over time as part of an overall relationship with particular broker-dealer firms. The investment adviser and its affiliates negotiate commission rates with broker-dealers based on what they believe is reasonably necessary to obtain best execution. They seek, on an ongoing basis, to determine what the reasonable levels of commission rates for execution services are in the marketplace, taking various considerations into account, including the extent to which a broker-dealer has put its own capital at risk, historical commission rates and commission rates that other institutional investors are paying. The fund does not consider the investment adviser as having an obligation to obtain the lowest commission rate available for a portfolio transaction to the exclusion of price, service and qualitative considerations. Brokerage commissions are only a small part of total execution costs and other factors, such as market impact and speed of execution, contribute significantly to overall transaction costs.

The investment adviser may execute portfolio transactions with broker-dealers who provide certain brokerage and/or investment research services to it but only when in the investment adviser's judgment the broker-dealer is capable of providing best execution for that transaction. The investment adviser makes decisions for procurement of research separately and distinctly from decisions on the choice of brokerage and execution services. The receipt of these research services permits the investment adviser to supplement its own research and analysis and makes available the views of, and information from, individuals and the research staffs of other firms. Such views and information may be provided in the form of written reports, telephone contacts and meetings with securities analysts. These services may include, among other things, reports and other communications with respect to individual companies, industries, countries and regions, economic, political and legal developments, as well as scheduling meetings with corporate executives and seminars and conferences related to relevant subject matters. Research services that the investment adviser receives from broker-dealers may be used by the investment adviser in servicing the fund and other funds and accounts that it advises; however, not all such services will necessarily benefit the fund.

The investment adviser bears the cost of all third-party investment research services for all client accounts it advises. However, in order to compensate certain U.S. broker-dealers for research consumed, and valued, by the investment adviser's investment professionals, the investment adviser continues to operate a limited commission sharing arrangement with commissions on equity trades for certain registered investment companies it advises. The investment adviser voluntarily reimburses such

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 39

registered investment companies for all amounts collected into the commission sharing arrangement. In order to operate the commission sharing arrangement, the investment adviser may cause such registered investment companies to pay commissions in excess of what other broker-dealers might have charged for certain portfolio transactions in recognition of brokerage and/or investment research services. In this regard, the investment adviser has adopted a brokerage allocation procedure consistent with the requirements of Section 28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Section 28(e) permits the investment adviser and its affiliates to cause an account to pay a higher commission to a broker-dealer to compensate the broker-dealer or another service provider for certain brokerage and/or investment research services provided to the investment adviser and its affiliates, if the investment adviser and each affiliate makes a good faith determination that such commissions are reasonable in relation to the value of the services provided by such broker-dealer to the investment adviser and its affiliates in terms of that particular transaction or the investment adviser's overall responsibility to the fund and other accounts that it advises. Certain brokerage and/or investment research services may not necessarily benefit all accounts paying commissions to each such broker-dealer; therefore, the investment adviser and its affiliates assess the reasonableness of commissions in light of the total brokerage and investment research services provided to the investment adviser and its affiliates. Further, investment research services may be used by all investment associates of the investment adviser and its affiliates, regardless of whether they advise accounts with trading activity that generates eligible commissions.

In accordance with their internal brokerage allocation procedure, the investment adviser and its affiliates periodically assess the brokerage and investment research services provided by each broker-dealer and each other service provider from which they receive such services. As part of its ongoing relationships, the investment adviser and its affiliates routinely meet with firms to discuss the level and quality of the brokerage and research services provided, as well as the value and cost of such services. In valuing the brokerage and investment research services the investment adviser and its affiliates receive from broker-dealers and other research providers in connection with its good faith determination of reasonableness, the investment adviser and its affiliates take various factors into consideration, including the quantity, quality and usefulness of the services to the investment adviser and its affiliates. Based on this information and applying their judgment, the investment adviser and its affiliates set an annual research budget.

Research analysts and portfolio managers periodically participate in a research poll to determine the usefulness and value of the research provided by individual broker-dealers and research providers. Based on the results of this research poll, the investment adviser and its affiliates may, through commission sharing arrangements with certain broker-dealers, direct a portion of commissions paid to a broker-dealer by the fund and other registered investment companies managed by the investment adviser or its affiliates to be used to compensate the broker-dealer and/or other research providers for research services they provide. While the investment adviser and its affiliates may negotiate commission rates and enter into commission sharing arrangements with certain broker-dealers with the expectation that such broker-dealers will be providing brokerage and research services, none of the investment adviser, any of its affiliates or any of their clients incurs any obligation to any broker-dealer to pay for research by generating trading commissions. The investment adviser and its affiliates negotiate prices for certain research that may be paid through commission sharing arrangements or by themselves with cash.

When executing portfolio transactions in the same equity security for the funds and accounts, or portions of funds and accounts, over which the investment adviser, through its equity investment divisions, has investment discretion, each investment division within the adviser and its affiliates normally aggregates its respective purchases or sales and executes them as part of the same transaction or series of transactions. When executing portfolio transactions in the same fixed income security for the fund and the other funds or accounts over which it or one of its affiliated companies has investment discretion, the investment adviser normally aggregates such purchases or sales and executes them as part of the same transaction or series of transactions. The objective of aggregating

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 40

purchases and sales of a security is to allocate executions in an equitable manner among the funds and other accounts that have concurrently authorized a transaction in such security. The investment adviser and its affiliates serve as investment adviser for certain accounts that are designed to be substantially similar to another account. This type of account will often generate a large number of relatively small trades when it is rebalanced to its reference fund due to differing cash flows or when the account is initially started up. The investment adviser may not aggregate program trades or electronic list trades executed as part of this process. Non-aggregated trades performed for these accounts will be allocated entirely to that account. This is done only when the investment adviser believes doing so will not have a material impact on the price or quality of other transactions.

The investment adviser currently owns a minority interest in IEX Group and alternative trading systems, Luminex ATS and LeveL ATS (through a minority interest in their common parent holding company). The investment adviser, or brokers with which the investment adviser places orders, may place orders on these or other exchanges or alternative trading systems in which it, or one of its affiliates, has an ownership interest, provided such ownership interest is less than five percent of the total ownership interests in the entity. The investment adviser is subject to the same best execution obligations when trading on any such exchange or alternative trading systems.

Purchase and sale transactions may be effected directly among and between certain funds or accounts advised by the investment adviser or its affiliates, including the fund. The investment adviser maintains cross-trade policies and procedures and places a cross-trade only when such a trade is in the best interest of all participating clients and is not prohibited by the participating funds' or accounts' investment management agreement or applicable law.

The investment adviser may place orders for the fund's portfolio transactions with broker-dealers who have sold shares of the funds managed by the investment adviser or its affiliated companies; however, it does not consider whether a broker-dealer has sold shares of the funds managed by the investment adviser or its affiliated companies when placing any such orders for the fund's portfolio transactions.

Forward currency contracts are traded directly between currency traders (usually large commercial banks) and their customers. The cost to the fund of engaging in such contracts varies with factors such as the currency involved, the length of the contract period and the market conditions then prevailing. Because such contracts are entered into on a principal basis, their prices usually include undisclosed compensation to the market maker reflecting the spread between the bid and ask prices for the contracts. The fund may incur additional fees in connection with the purchase or sale of certain contracts.

Brokerage commissions (net of any reimbursements described below) paid by the fund for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 amounted to $19,000, $24,000 and $21,000, respectively. The investment adviser is reimbursing the fund for all amounts collected into the commission sharing arrangement. For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the investment adviser reimbursed the fund $11,000, $11,000 and $5,000, respectively for commissions paid to broker-dealers through a commission sharing arrangement to compensate such broker-dealers for research services. Changes in the dollar amount of brokerage commissions paid by the fund over the last three fiscal years resulted from changes in the volume of trading activity and/or the amount of commissions used to pay for research services through a commission sharing arrangement.

The fund is required to disclose information regarding investments in the securities of its "regular" broker-dealers (or parent companies of its regular broker-dealers) that derive more than 15% of their revenue from broker-dealer, underwriter or investment adviser activities. A regular broker-dealer is ( a ) one of the 10 broker-dealers that received from the fund the largest amount of brokerage commissions by participating, directly or indirectly, in the fund's portfolio transactions during the fund's most recently completed fiscal year; ( b ) one of the 10 broker-dealers that engaged as principal

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 41

in the largest dollar amount of portfolio transactions of the fund during the fund's most recently completed fiscal year; or ( c ) one of the 10 broker-dealers that sold the largest amount of securities of the fund during the fund's most recently completed fiscal year.

At the end of the fund's most recently completed fiscal year, the fund's regular broker-dealers included Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. At the end of the fund's most recently completed fiscal year, the fund held equity securities of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC in the amount of $2,453,000.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 42

Disclosure of portfolio holdings

The fund's investment adviser, on behalf of the fund, has adopted policies and procedures with respect to the disclosure of information about fund portfolio securities. These policies and procedures have been reviewed by the fund's board of trustees and compliance will be periodically assessed by the board in connection with reporting from the fund's Chief Compliance Officer.

Under these policies and procedures, the fund's complete list of portfolio holdings available for public disclosure, dated as of the end of each calendar quarter, is permitted to be posted on the fund's website (capitalgrouppcsfunds.com) no earlier than the 10th day after such calendar quarter. The publicly disclosed portfolio may exclude certain securities when deemed to be in the best interest of the fund as permitted by applicable regulations. In addition, the fund's list of top ten portfolio holdings measured by percentage of net assets invested, dated as of the end of each calendar month, is permitted to be posted on the fund's website no earlier than the 10th day after such month. Such portfolio holdings information may then be disclosed to any person pursuant to an ongoing arrangement to disclose portfolio holdings information to such person no earlier than one day after the day on which the information is posted on the fund's website. The investment adviser may disclose individual holdings more frequently on the fund's website if it determines it is in the best interest of the funds.

Certain intermediaries are provided additional information about the fund's management team, including information on the fund's portfolio securities they have selected. This information is provided to larger intermediaries that require the information to make the fund available for investment on the firm's platform. Intermediaries receiving the information are required to keep it confidential and use it only to analyze the fund.

The fund's custodian, outside counsel, auditor, financial printers, proxy voting and class action claims processing service providers, pricing information vendors, consultants or agents operating under a contract with the investment adviser or its affiliates and co-litigants (such as in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding related to a fund holding), each of which requires portfolio holdings information for legitimate business and fund oversight purposes, may receive fund portfolio holdings information earlier. See the "General information" section in this statement of additional information for further information about the fund's custodian, outside counsel and auditor.

Affiliated persons of the fund, including officers of the fund and employees of the investment adviser and its affiliates, who receive portfolio holdings information are subject to restrictions and limitations on the use and handling of such information pursuant to applicable codes of ethics, including requirements not to trade in securities based on confidential and proprietary investment information, to maintain the confidentiality of such information, and to pre-clear securities trades and report securities transactions activity, as applicable. For more information on these restrictions and limitations, please see the "Code of ethics" section in this statement of additional information and the Code of Ethics. Third-party service providers of the fund, and other entities as described in this statement of additional information, receiving such information are subject to confidentiality obligations and obligations that would prohibit them from trading in securities based on such information. When portfolio holdings information is disclosed other than through the fund's website to persons not affiliated with the fund (which, as described above, would typically occur no earlier than one day after the day on which the information is made available), such persons will be bound by agreements (including confidentiality agreements) or fiduciary or other obligations that restrict and limit their use of the information to legitimate business uses only. None of the fund nor its investment adviser or any of their affiliates receives compensation or other consideration in connection with the disclosure of information about portfolio securities.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 43

Subject to board policies, the authority to disclose the fund's portfolio holdings, and to establish policies with respect to such disclosure, resides with the investment adviser. In exercising its authority, the investment adviser determines whether disclosure of information about the fund's portfolio securities is appropriate and in the best interest of fund shareholders. The investment adviser has implemented policies and procedures to address conflicts of interest that may arise from the disclosure of fund holdings. For example, the investment adviser's code of ethics specifically requires, among other things, the safeguarding of information about fund holdings and contains prohibitions designed to prevent the personal use of confidential, proprietary investment information in a way that would conflict with fund transactions. In addition, the investment adviser believes that its current policy of not selling portfolio holdings information and not disclosing such information to unaffiliated third parties until such holdings have been made public on the fund's website (other than to certain service providers of the fund for legitimate business and fund oversight purposes) helps reduce potential conflicts of interest between fund shareholders and the investment adviser and its affiliates.

The fund's investment adviser and its affiliates provide investment advice to individuals and financial intermediaries that have investment objectives that may be substantially similar to those of the fund. These clients also may have portfolios consisting of holdings substantially similar to those of the fund and generally have access to current portfolio holdings information for their accounts. These clients do not owe the fund's investment adviser or the fund a duty of confidentiality with respect to disclosure of their portfolio holdings.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 44

Price of shares

Shares are purchased at the offering price or sold at the net asset value price next determined after the purchase or sell order is received by the fund or the Transfer Agent provided that your request contains all information and legal documentation necessary to process the transaction. The Transfer Agent may accept written orders for the sale of fund shares on a future date. These orders are subject to the Transfer Agent's policies, which generally allow shareholders to provide a written request to sell shares at the net asset value on a specified date no more than five business days after receipt of the order by the Transfer Agent. Any request to sell shares on a future date will be rejected if the request is not in writing, if the requested transaction date is more than five business days after the Transfer Agent receives the request or if the request does not contain all information and legal documentation necessary to process the transaction.

The offering or net asset value price is effective for orders received prior to the time of determination of the net asset value and, in the case of orders placed with dealers or their authorized designees, accepted by the Principal Underwriter, the Transfer Agent, a dealer or any of their designees. In the case of orders sent directly to the fund or the Transfer Agent, an investment dealer should be indicated. The dealer is responsible for promptly transmitting purchase and sell orders to the Principal Underwriter.

Prices listed do not always indicate prices at which you will be purchasing and redeeming shares of the fund, since such prices generally reflect the previous day's closing price, while purchases and redemptions are made at the next calculated price. The price you pay for shares, the offering price, is based on the net asset value per share. Net asset value is computed by adding the value of a fund's investments, cash or other assets, subtracting the fund's liabilities, and dividing the result by the number of shares that are outstanding. Realized investment income and gain is included in the fund's net asset value until the ex-dividend date, when the declared dividend amount is treated as a fund liability. The net asset value is calculated once daily as of the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange, normally 4 p.m. New York time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open. If the New York Stock Exchange makes a scheduled (e.g., the day after Thanksgiving) or an unscheduled close prior to 4 p.m. New York time, the net asset value of the fund will be determined at approximately the time the New York Stock Exchange closes on that day. If on such a day market quotations and prices from third-party pricing services are not based as of the time of the early close of the New York Stock Exchange but are as of a later time (up to approximately 4 p.m. New York time), for example because the market remains open after the close of the New York Stock Exchange, those later market quotations and prices will be used in determining the fund's net asset value.

Orders in good order received after the New York Stock Exchange closes (scheduled or unscheduled) will be processed at the net asset value (plus any applicable sales charge) calculated on the following business day. The New York Stock Exchange is currently closed on weekends and on the following holidays: New Year's Day; Martin Luther King Jr. Day; Presidents' Day; Good Friday; Memorial Day; Juneteenth National Independence Day; Independence Day; Labor Day; Thanksgiving Day; and Christmas Day. The fund has a separately calculated net asset value (and share price).

Orders received by the investment dealer or authorized designee, the Transfer Agent or the fund after the time of the determination of the net asset value will be entered at the next calculated offering price. Note that investment dealers, other intermediaries or Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselors may have their own rules about share transactions and may have earlier cut-off times than those of the fund. For more information about how to purchase through your intermediary, contact your intermediary directly. For more information about how to purchase through Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselors, contact your Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselor directly.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 45

All portfolio securities of funds managed by Capital Research and Management Company (other than American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund) are valued, and the net asset values per share are determined, as indicated below. The fund follows standard industry practice by typically reflecting changes in its holdings of portfolio securities on the first business day following a portfolio trade.

Equity securities, including depositary receipts, exchange-traded funds, and certain convertible preferred stocks that trade on an exchange or market, are generally valued at the official closing price of, or the last reported sale price on, the exchange or market on which such securities are traded, as of the close of business on the day the securities are being valued or, lacking any sales, at the last available bid price. Prices for each security are taken from the principal exchange or market on which the security trades.

Fixed income securities, including short-term securities, are generally valued at evaluated prices obtained from third-party pricing vendors. Vendors value such securities based on one or more inputs that may include, among other things, benchmark yields, transactions, bids, offers, quotations from dealers and trading systems, new issues, underlying equity of the issuer, interest rate volatilities, spreads and other relationships observed in the markets among comparable securities and proprietary pricing models such as yield measures calculated using factors such as cash flows, prepayment information, default rates, delinquency and loss assumptions, financial or collateral characteristics or performance, credit enhancements, liquidation value calculations, specific deal information and other reference data.

Forward currency contracts are valued based on the spot and forward exchange rates obtained from a third-party pricing vendor.

Securities and other assets for which representative market quotations are not readily available or are considered unreliable by the investment adviser are fair-valued as determined in good faith under fair value guidelines adopted by the investment adviser and approved by the fund's board. Subject to board oversight, the fund's board has designated the fund's investment adviser to make fair valuation determinations, which are directed by a valuation committee established by the fund's investment adviser. The board receives regular reports describing fair-valued securities and the valuation methods used.

As a general principle, these guidelines consider relevant company, market and other data and considerations to determine the price that the fund might reasonably expect to receive if such fair valued securities were sold in an orderly transaction. Fair valuations may differ materially from valuations that would have been used had greater market activity occurred. The valuation committee considers relevant indications of value that are reasonably and timely available to it in determining the fair value to be assigned to a particular security, such as the type and cost of the security, restrictions on resale of the security, relevant financial or business developments of the issuer, actively traded similar or related securities, conversion or exchange rights on the security, related corporate actions, significant events occurring after the close of trading in the security and changes in overall market conditions. The valuation committee employs additional fair value procedures to address issues related to equity securities that trade principally in markets outside the United States. Such securities may trade in markets that open and close at different times, reflecting time zone differences. If significant events occur after the close of a market (and before the fund's net asset values are next determined) which affect the value of equity securities held in the fund's portfolio, appropriate adjustments from closing market prices may be made to reflect these events. Events of this type could include, for example, earthquakes and other natural disasters or significant price changes in other markets (e.g., U.S. stock markets).

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 46

Assets and liabilities, including investment securities, denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars are translated into U.S. dollars, prior to the next determination of the net asset value of the fund's shares, at the exchange rates obtained from a third-party pricing vendor.

Taxes and distributions

Disclaimer: Some of the following information may not apply to certain shareholders, including those holding fund shares in a tax-deferred account, such as a retirement plan. Shareholders should consult their tax advisers about the application of federal, state and local tax law in light of their particular situation.

Taxation as a regulated investment company - The fund intends to qualify each year as a "regulated investment company" under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code") so that it will not be liable for federal tax on income and capital gains distributed to shareholders. In order to qualify as regulated investment companies, and avoid being subject to federal income taxes, the fund intends to distribute substantially all of its net investment income and realized net capital gains on a fiscal year basis, and intend to comply with other tests applicable to regulated investment companies under Subchapter M.

The Code includes savings provisions allowing the fund to cure inadvertent failures certain qualification tests required under Subchapter M. However, should the fund fail to qualify under Subchapter M, the fund would be subject to federal, and possibly state, corporate taxes on its taxable income and gains.

Amounts not distributed by the fund on a timely basis in accordance with the calendar year distribution requirement may be subject to a nondeductible 4% excise tax. Unless an applicable exception applies, to avoid the tax, the fund must distribute during each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of ( a ) at least 98% of its ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year, ( b ) at least 98.2% of its capital gains in excess of its capital losses for the twelve-month period ending on October 31, and ( c ) all ordinary income and capital gains for previous years that were not distributed during such years and on which the fund paid no U.S. federal income tax.

Dividends paid by the fund from ordinary income or from an excess of net short-term capital gain over net long-term capital loss are taxable to shareholders as ordinary income dividends. Shareholders of the fund that are individuals and meet certain holding period requirements with respect to their fund shares may be eligible for reduced tax rates on "qualified dividend income," if any, distributed by the fund to such shareholders.

The fund may declare a capital gain distribution consisting of the entire excess of net realized long-term capital gains over net realized short-term capital losses. Net capital gains for a fiscal year are computed by taking into account any capital loss carryforward of the fund.

The fund may retain a portion of net capital gain for reinvestment and may elect to treat such capital gain as having been distributed to shareholders of the fund. Shareholders may receive a credit for the tax that the fund paid on such undistributed net capital gain and could increase the basis of their shares of the fund by the difference between the amount of includible gains and the tax deemed paid by the shareholder.

Distributions of net capital gain that the fund properly reports as a capital gain dividend generally will be taxable as long-term capital gain, regardless of the length of time the shares of the fund have been held by a shareholder. Any loss realized upon the redemption of shares held at the time of redemption for six months or less from the date of their purchase will be treated as a long-term capital loss to the

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 47

extent of any net realized long-term capital gains (including any undistributed amounts treated as distributed capital gains, as described above) during such six-month period.

Distributions by the fund result in a reduction in the net asset value of the fund's shares. Investors should consider the tax implications of buying shares prior to a distribution. The price of shares purchased at that time may include the amount of a forthcoming distribution. Those purchasing fund shares at a time when the fund has realized but not yet made a distribution that is reflected in the price of the shares will subsequently receive a partial return of their investment capital upon payment of the distribution, which will be taxable to them as a dividend or other fund distribution, as described above.

Individuals (and certain other non-corporate entities) are generally eligible for a 20% deduction with respect to taxable ordinary REIT dividends through 2025. Applicable Treasury regulations allow the fund to pass through to its shareholders such taxable ordinary REIT dividends. Accordingly, individual (and certain other non-corporate) shareholders of the fund that have received such taxable ordinary REIT dividends may be able to take advantage of this 20% deduction with respect to any such amounts passed through.

Redemptions and exchanges of fund shares - Redemptions of shares, including exchanges for shares of Capital Group Private Client Services Funds, may result in federal, state and local tax consequences (gain or loss) to the shareholder.

Any loss realized on a redemption or exchange of shares of the fund will be disallowed to the extent substantially identical shares are reacquired within the 61-day period beginning 30 days before and ending 30 days after the shares are disposed of. Any loss disallowed under this rule will be added to the shareholder's tax basis in the new shares purchased.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 48

Tax consequences of investing in non-U.S. securities - Dividend and interest income received by a fund from sources outside the United States may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by such foreign jurisdictions. Tax conventions between certain countries and the United States, however, may reduce or eliminate these foreign taxes. Some foreign countries impose taxes on capital gains with respect to investments by foreign investors.

If more than 50% of the value of the total assets of the fund at the close of the taxable year consists of securities of foreign corporations, the fund may elect to pass through to shareholders the foreign taxes paid by the fund. If such an election is made, shareholders may claim a credit or deduction on their federal income tax returns for, and will be required to treat as part of the amounts distributed to them, their pro rata portion of qualified taxes paid by the fund to foreign countries. The application of the foreign tax credit depends upon the particular circumstances of each shareholder.

Foreign currency gains and losses, including the portion of gain or loss on the sale of debt securities attributable to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, are generally taxable as ordinary income or loss. These gains or losses may increase or decrease the amount of dividends payable by the fund to shareholders. A fund may elect to treat gain and loss on certain foreign currency contracts as capital gain and loss instead of ordinary income or loss.

If the fund invests in stock of certain passive foreign investment companies (PFICs), the fund intends to mark-to-market these securities and recognize any gains at the end of its fiscal and excise tax years. Deductions for losses are allowable only to the extent of any previously recognized gains. Both gains and losses will be treated as ordinary income or loss, and the fund is required to distribute any resulting income. If the fund is unable to identify an investment as a PFIC security and thus does not make a timely mark-to-market election, the fund may be subject to adverse tax consequences.

Discount - Certain bonds acquired by the fund, such as zero coupon bonds, may be treated as bonds that were originally issued at a discount. Original issue discount represents interest for federal income tax purposes and is generally defined as the difference between the price at which a bond was issued (or the price at which it was deemed issued for federal income tax purposes) and its stated redemption price at maturity. Original issue discount is treated for federal income tax purposes as tax exempt income earned by a fund over the term of the bond, and therefore is subject to the distribution requirements of the Code. The annual amount of income earned on such a bond by a fund generally is determined on the basis of a constant yield to maturity which takes into account the semiannual compounding of accrued interest (including original issue discount). Certain bonds acquired by the fund may also provide for contingent interest and/or principal. In such a case, rules similar to those for original issue discount bonds would require the accrual of income based on an assumed yield that may exceed the actual interest payments on the bond.

Some of the bonds may be acquired by a fund on the secondary market at a discount which exceeds the original issue discount, if any, on such bonds. This additional discount constitutes market discount for federal income tax purposes. Any gain recognized on the disposition of any bond having market discount generally will be treated as taxable ordinary income to the extent it does not exceed the accrued market discount on such bond (unless a fund elects to include market discount in income in the taxable years to which it is attributable). Realized accrued market discount on obligations that pay tax-exempt interest is nonetheless taxable. Generally, market discount accrues on a daily basis for each day the bond is held by a fund at a constant rate over the time remaining to the bond's maturity. In the case of any debt instrument having a fixed maturity date of not more than one year from date of issue, the gain realized on disposition will be treated as short-term capital gain. Some of the bonds acquired by a fund with a fixed maturity date of one year or less from the date of their issuance may be treated as having original issue discount or, in certain cases, "acquisition discount" (generally, the excess of a bond's stated redemption price at maturity over its acquisition price). A fund will be required to include any such original issue discount or acquisition discount in taxable ordinary income. The rate at which such acquisition discount and market discount accrues, and is thus included in a fund's

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 49

investment company taxable income, will depend upon which of the permitted accrual methods the fund elects.

Other tax considerations - After the end of each calendar year, individual shareholders holding fund shares in taxable accounts will receive a statement of the federal income tax status of all distributions. Shareholders of the fund also may be subject to state and local taxes on distributions received from the fund.

For fund shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012, the fund is required to report cost basis information for redemptions, including exchanges, to both shareholders and the IRS.

Under the backup withholding provisions of the Code, the fund generally will be required to withhold federal income tax on all payments made to a shareholder if the shareholder either does not furnish the fund with the shareholder's correct taxpayer identification number or fails to certify that the shareholder is not subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding also applies if the IRS notifies the shareholder or the fund that the taxpayer identification number provided by the shareholder is incorrect or that the shareholder has previously failed to properly report interest or dividend income.

The foregoing discussion of U.S. federal income tax law relates solely to the application of that law to U.S. persons (i.e., U.S. citizens and legal residents and U.S. corporations, partnerships, trusts and estates). Each shareholder who is not a U.S. person should consider the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of ownership of shares of the fund, including the possibility that such a shareholder may be subject to U.S. withholding taxes.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 50

Purchase and exchange of shares

Shares of the fund are available to clients of Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc. ("CGPCS"), the fund's trustees and officers, and the fund's portfolio managers. Shares are also available to former shareholders of Endowments - Growth and Income Portfolio, who obtained shares of the fund in connection with the acquisition of Endowments - Growth and Income Portfolio by the fund. Shares may be made available to other individuals if the investment adviser determines it is appropriate. Clients of CGPCS may exchange the shares of the fund for those of any other fund(s) managed by Capital Research and Management Company or its affiliates. As described in the fund's prospectus, please contact your CGPCS investment counselor or the fund's Transfer Agent to purchase or exchange shares.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 51

Selling shares

The methods for selling (redeeming) shares are described more fully in the prospectus. If you wish to sell your shares, please contact your Capital Group Private Client Services investment counselor or the fund's Transfer Agent.

A signature guarantee may be required for certain redemptions. In such an event, your signature may be guaranteed by a domestic stock exchange or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, bank, savings association or credit union that is an eligible guarantor institution. The Transfer Agent reserves the right to require a signature guarantee on any redemptions.

Additional documentation may be required for sales of shares held in corporate, partnership or fiduciary accounts.

Redemption proceeds will not be mailed until sufficient time has passed to provide reasonable assurance that checks or drafts (including certified or cashier's checks) for shares purchased have cleared (normally seven business days from the purchase date). Except for delays relating to clearance of checks for share purchases or in extraordinary circumstances (and as permissible under the 1940 Act), the fund typically expects to pay redemption proceeds one business day following receipt and acceptance of a redemption order. Interest will not accrue or be paid on amounts that represent uncashed distribution or redemption checks.

Redemption of shares - The fund's declaration of trust permits the fund to direct the Transfer Agent to redeem the shares of any shareholder for their then current net asset value per share if at such time the shareholder of record owns shares having an aggregate net asset value of less than the minimum initial investment amount required of new shareholders as set forth in the fund's current registration statement under the 1940 Act, and subject to such further terms and conditions as the board of trustees of the fund may from time to time adopt.

While payment of redemptions normally will be in cash, the fund's declaration of trust permits payment of the redemption price wholly or partly with portfolio securities or other fund assets under conditions and circumstances determined by the fund's board of trustees. For example, redemptions could be made in this manner if the board determined that making payments wholly in cash over a particular period would be unfair and/or harmful to other fund shareholders.

Frequent trading of fund shares - As noted in the prospectus, certain redemptions may trigger a restriction under the fund's "frequent trading policy." Under this policy, systematic redemptions will not trigger a restriction and systematic purchases will not be prevented if the transaction is identified as a systematic redemption or purchase. For purposes of this policy, systematic redemptions include, for example, regular periodic automatic redemptions. Systematic purchases include, for example, regular periodic automatic purchases and automatic reinvestments of dividends and capital gain distributions. Generally, purchases and redemptions will not be considered "systematic" unless the transaction is prescheduled for a specific date.

Potentially abusive activity - American Funds Service Company will monitor for the types of activity that could potentially be harmful to the fund - for example, short-term trading activity in multiple funds. When identified, American Funds Service Company will request that the shareholder discontinue the activity. If the activity continues, American Funds Service Company will freeze the shareholder account to prevent all activity other than redemptions of fund shares.

Account statements - Your account is opened in accordance with your registration instructions. Transactions in the account, such as additional investments, will be reflected on regular confirmation

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 52

statements from the Transfer Agent. Dividend and capital gain reinvestments and purchases through certain retirement plans will be confirmed at least quarterly.

Capitalgroup.com - You may check your share balance and the price of your shares using capitalgroup.com.

Telephone purchases, redemptions and exchanges - By using the telephone purchase, redemption and/or exchange options, you agree to hold the fund, the Transfer Agent, any of its affiliates or mutual funds managed by such affiliates, and each of their respective directors, trustees, officers, employees and agents harmless from any losses, expenses, costs or liabilities (including attorney fees) that may be incurred in connection with the exercise of these privileges. Generally, all shareholders are automatically eligible to use these services. However, you may elect to opt out of these services by writing the Transfer Agent (you may also reinstate them at any time by writing the Transfer Agent). If the Transfer Agent does not employ reasonable procedures to confirm that the instructions received from any person with appropriate account information are genuine, it and/or the fund may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or fraudulent instructions. In the event that shareholders are unable to reach the fund by telephone because of technical difficulties, market conditions or a natural disaster, redemption and exchange requests may be made in writing only.

Share certificates - Shares are credited to your account. The fund does not issue share certificates.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 53

General information

Custodian of assets - Securities and cash owned by the fund, including proceeds from the sale of shares of the fund and of securities in the fund's portfolios, are held by State Street Bank and Trust Company, as custodian. If the fund holds securities of issuers outside the United States, the custodian may hold these securities pursuant to subcustodial arrangements in banks outside the United States or branches of U.S. banks outside the United States. The principal office of State Street Bank and Trust Company is located at One Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 02111.

Transfer agent services - American Funds Service Company, an affiliate of the investment adviser, maintains the records of shareholder accounts, processes purchases and redemptions of the fund's shares, acts as dividend and capital gain distribution disbursing agent, and performs other related shareholder service functions. The principal office of American Funds Service Company is located at 6455 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618. Transfer agent fees are paid according to a fee schedule, based on the number of accounts serviced or a percentage of fund assets, contained in a Shareholder Services Agreement between the fund and American Funds Service Company.

In the case of certain shareholder accounts, third parties who may be unaffiliated with the investment adviser provide transfer agency and shareholder services in place of American Funds Service Company. These services are rendered under agreements with American Funds Service Company or its affiliates and the third parties receive compensation according to such agreements. Compensation for transfer agency and shareholder services, whether paid to American Funds Service Company or such third parties, is ultimately paid from fund assets and is reflected in the expenses of the fund as disclosed in the prospectus.

Independent registered public accounting firm - PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), 601 South Figueroa Street, Los Angeles, CA 90017, serves as the fund's independent registered public accounting firm, providing audit services, preparation of tax returns and review of certain documents to be filed with the SEC. The financial statements and financial highlights of the fund included in this statement of additional information that are from the fund's Form N-CSR for the most recent fiscal year have been audited by PwC, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing herein. Such financial statements and financial highlights are included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. The selection of the fund's independent registered public accounting firm is reviewed and determined annually by the board of trustees.

Independent legal counsel - Dechert LLP, 45 Fremont Street, 26th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105-2223, serves as independent legal counsel ("counsel") for the fund and for independent trustees in their capacities as such. A determination with respect to the independence of the fund's counsel will be made at least annually by the independent trustees of the fund, as prescribed by the 1940 Act and related rules.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 54

Prospectuses, reports to shareholders and proxy statements - The fund's fiscal year ends on October 31. Shareholders are provided updated summary prospectuses annually and at least semi-annually with reports showing the fund's expenses, key statistics, holdings information and investment results (annual report only). Shareholders may request a copy of the fund's current prospectus at no cost by calling (800) 421-4996. Shareholders may also access the fund's current summary prospectus, prospectus, statement of additional information and shareholder reports at capitalgrouppcsfunds.com. The fund's annual financial statements are audited by the fund's independent registered public accounting firm, PwC. In addition, shareholders may also receive proxy statements for the fund. In an effort to reduce the volume of mail shareholders receive from the fund when a household owns more than one account, the Transfer Agent has taken steps to eliminate duplicate mailings of summary prospectuses, shareholder reports and proxy statements. To receive additional copies of a summary prospectus, report or proxy statement, shareholders should contact the Transfer Agent.

Codes of ethics - The fund and Capital Research and Management Company and its affiliated companies, including the fund's Principal Underwriter, have adopted codes of ethics that allow for personal investments, including securities in which the fund may invest from time to time. These codes include a ban on acquisitions of securities pursuant to an initial public offering; restrictions on acquisitions of private placement securities; preclearance and reporting requirements; review of duplicate confirmation statements; annual recertification of compliance with codes of ethics; blackout periods on personal investing for certain investment personnel; ban on short-term trading profits for investment personnel; limitations on service as a director of publicly traded companies; disclosure of personal securities transactions; and policies regarding political contributions.

Determination of net asset value and redemption price - October 31, 2025

                                                                                          
Net asset value and redemption price per share(Net assets divided by shares outstanding) $39.75


Other information - The fund reserves the right to modify the privileges described in this statement of additional information at any time.

The fund's financial statements, including the investment portfolio and the report of the fund's independent registered public accounting firm contained in the fund's Form N-CSR, are included in this statement of additional information.

Fund numbers - Here are the fund numbers for use when making share transactions:

                                                                
Fund                                                           Fund numbers
Capital Group California Core Municipal Fund ……............... 40119
Capital Group California Short-Term Municipal Fund …….....     40120
Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund ……...……...……...……...…..         40124


Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 55

Appendix

The following descriptions of debt security ratings are based on information provided by Moody's Investors Service and S&P Global Ratings.

Description of bond ratings

Moody's

Municipal long-term rating definitions

Aaa

Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk.

Aa

Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk.

A

Obligations rated A are considered upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.

Baa

Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.

Ba

Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk.

B

Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk.

Caa

Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative and of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk.

Ca

Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of recovery of principal and interest.

C

Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal or interest.

Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a "(hyb)" indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies and securities firms.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 56

S&P Global Ratings

Long-term issue credit ratings

AAA

An obligation rated AAA has the highest rating assigned by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is extremely strong.

AA

An obligation rated AA differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong.

A

An obligation rated A is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong.

BBB

An obligation rated BBB exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

BB, B, CCC, CC, and C

Obligations rated BB, B, CCC, CC, and C are regarded as having significant speculative characteristics. BB indicates the least degree of speculation and C the highest. While such obligations will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions.

BB

An obligation rated BB is less vulnerable to nonpayment than other speculative issues. However, it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions which could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

B

An obligation rated B is more vulnerable to nonpayment than obligations rated BB, but the obligor currently has the capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic conditions will likely impair the obligor's capacity or willingness to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

CCC

An obligation rated CCC is currently vulnerable to nonpayment and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. In the event of adverse business, financial, or economic conditions, the obligor is not likely to have the capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

CC

An obligation rated CC is currently highly vulnerable to nonpayment. The CC rating is used when a default has not occurred, but S&P Global Ratings expects default to be a virtual certainty, regardless of the anticipated time to default.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 57

C

An obligation rated C is currently highly vulnerable to nonpayment, and the obligation is expected to have lower relative seniority or lower ultimate recovery compared with obligations that are rated higher.

D

An obligation rated D is in default or in breach of an imputed promise. For non-hybrid capital instruments, the D rating category is used when payments on an obligation are not made on the date due, unless S&P Global Ratings believes that such payments will be made within the next five business days in the absence of a stated grace period or within the earlier of the stated grace period or the next 30 calendar days. The D rating also will be used upon the filing of a bankruptcy petition or the taking of similar action and where default on an obligation is a virtual certainty, for example due to automatic stay provisions. A rating on an obligation is lowered to D if it is subject to a distressed debt restructuring.

Plus (+) or minus (-)

The ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.

NR

Indicates that a rating has not been assigned or is no longer assigned.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 58

Description of note ratings

Moody's

Municipal short-term debt ratings

MIG 1

This designation denotes superior credit quality. Excellent protection is afforded by established cash flows, highly reliable liquidity support, or demonstrated broad-based access to the market for refinancing.

MIG 2

This designation denotes strong credit quality. Margins of protection are ample, although not as large as in the preceding group.

MIG 3

This designation denotes acceptable credit quality. Liquidity and cash-flow protection may be narrow, and market access for refinancing is likely to be less well-established.

SG

This designation denotes speculative-grade credit quality. Debt instruments in this category may lack sufficient margins of protection.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 59

S&P Global Ratings

Short-term issue credit ratings

SP-1

Strong capacity to pay principal and interest. An issue determined to possess a very strong capacity to pay debt service is given a plus (+) designation.

SP-2

Satisfactory capacity to pay principal and interest, with some vulnerability to adverse financial and economic changes over the term of the notes.

SP-3

Speculative capacity to pay principal and interest.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 60

Description of commercial paper ratings

Moody's

Global short-term rating scale

P-1

Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-1 have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations.

P-2

Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-2 have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations.

P-3

Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Prime-3 have an acceptable ability to repay short-term obligations.

NP

Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Not Prime do not fall within any of the Prime rating categories.

S&P Global Ratings

Commercial paper ratings (highest three ratings)

A-1

A short-term obligation rated A-1 is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on these obligations is extremely strong.

A-2

A short-term obligation rated A-2 is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rating categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is satisfactory.

A-3

A short-term obligation rated A-3 exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken an obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 61

Fitch Ratings, Inc.

Long-term credit ratings

AAA

Highest credit quality. AAA ratings denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They are assigned only in case of exceptionally strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by foreseeable events.

AA

Very high credit quality. AA ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events.

A

High credit quality. A ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to changes in circumstances or in economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.

BBB

Good credit quality. BBB ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse changes in circumstances and economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.

BB

Speculative. BB ratings indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists which supports the servicing of financial commitments.

B

Highly speculative. B ratings indicate that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains. Financial commitments are currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic environment.

CCC

Substantial credit risk. Default is a real possibility.

CC

Very high levels of credit risk. Default of some kind appears probable.

C

Exceptionally high levels of credit risk. Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in standstill. Conditions that are indicative of a C category rating for an issuer include:

· The issuer has entered into a grace or cure period following nonpayment of a material financial obligation;

· The issuer has entered into a temporary negotiated waiver or standstill agreement following a payment default on a material financial obligation; or

· Fitch Ratings otherwise believes a condition of RD or D to be imminent or inevitable, including through the formal announcement of a distressed debt exchange.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 62

RD

Restricted default. RD ratings indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings' opinion has experienced an uncured payment default on a bond, loan or other material financial obligation but which has not entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, receivership, liquidation or other formal winding up procedure, and which has not otherwise ceased operating. This would include:

· The selective payment default on a specific class or currency of debt;

· The uncured expiry of any applicable grace period, cure period or default forbearance period following a payment default on a bank loan, capital markets security or other material financial obligation;

· The extension of multiple waivers or forbearance periods upon a payment default on one or more material financial obligations, either in series or in parallel; or

· Execution of a distressed debt exchange on one or more material financial obligations.

D

Default. D ratings indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings' opinion has entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, receivership, liquidation or other formal winding up procedure, or which has otherwise ceased business.

Default ratings are not assigned prospectively to entities or their obligations; within this context, nonpayment on an instrument that contains a deferral feature or grace period will generally not be considered a default until after the expiration of the deferral or grace period, unless a default is otherwise driven by bankruptcy or other similar circumstance, or by a distressed debt exchange.

Imminent default typically refers to the occasion where a payment default has been intimated by the issuer, and is all but inevitable. This may, for example, be where an issuer has missed a scheduled payment, but (as is typical) has a grace period during which it may cure the payment default. Another alternative would be where an issuer has formally announced a distressed debt exchange, but the date of the exchange still lies several days or weeks in the immediate future.

In all cases, the assignment of a default rating reflects the agency's opinion as to the most appropriate rating category consistent with the rest of its universe of ratings, and may differ from the definition of default under the terms of an issuer's financial obligations or local commercial practice.

Note: The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. Such suffixes are not added to the AAA long-term rating category, or to categories below B.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund - Page 63

Investment portfolio

Common stocks ?97.53%                                 Shares Value(000)
Information technology ?30.16%
Broadcom, Inc.                                        99,557 $ 36,799
Microsoft Corp.                                       56,037 29,016
Apple, Inc.                                           49,550 13,397
KLA Corp.                                             8,605  10,401
Micron Technology, Inc.                               24,950 5,583
Salesforce, Inc.                                      20,616 5,369
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (ADR)    13,610 4,089
ServiceNow, Inc. (a)                                  3,843  3,533
Shopify, Inc., Class A, subordinate voting shares (a) 20,144 3,502
NVIDIA Corp.                                          15,507 3,140
Amphenol Corp., Class A                               10,869 1,514
Atlassian Corp., Class A (a)                          8,366  1,417
Accenture PLC, Class A                                5,540  1,386
TE Connectivity PLC                                   4,327  1,069
Texas Instruments, Inc.                               6,364  1,028
Gartner, Inc. (a)                                     2,926  727
Applied Materials, Inc.                               1,821  424
                                                               122,394
Industrials ?14.61%
General Electric Co.                                  44,158 13,643
GE Vernova, Inc.                                      11,060 6,472
Northrop Grumman Corp.                                8,880  5,181
RTX Corp.                                             28,942 5,166
TransDigm Group, Inc.                                 3,280  4,292
Waste Connections, Inc.                               25,320 4,246
ATI, Inc. (a)                                         38,170 3,778
United Rentals, Inc.                                  3,561  3,102
Safran SA (ADR)                                       24,511 2,173
Ingersoll-Rand, Inc.                                  24,148 1,843
Carrier Global Corp.                                  25,163 1,497
HEICO Corp.                                           2,326  739
HEICO Corp., Class A                                  2,907  720
Lennox International, Inc.                            2,854  1,441
Equifax, Inc.                                         5,647  1,192
AMETEK, Inc.                                          5,815  1,175
Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC (ADR) (b)                    68,366 1,063
Dayforce, Inc. (a)                                    11,385 782
Paychex, Inc.                                         6,611  774
                                                               59,279
Financials ?12.73%
Visa, Inc., Class A                                   31,002 10,564
Marsh & McLennan Cos., Inc.                           48,580 8,655
JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                  26,315 8,187
Truist Financial Corp.                                66,134 2,952
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.                    15,041 2,746
Progressive Corp.                                     13,232 2,726
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.                             9,982  2,490
Morgan Stanley                                        14,958 2,453
KKR & Co., Inc.                                       18,764 2,220
Mastercard, Inc., Class A                             3,240  1,788
S&P Global, Inc.                                      3,135  1,527
Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.                         7,810  1,163
MSCI, Inc.                                            1,938  1,141
Toast, Inc., Class A (a)                              31,559 1,141
Capital One Financial Corp.                           4,529  996
Aon PLC, Class A                                      2,610  889
                                                               51,638


1

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Common stocks ? (continued)           Shares  Value(000)
Communication services ?9.24%
Alphabet, Inc., Class C               79,156  $ 22,308
Meta Platforms, Inc., Class A         17,397  11,280
Netflix, Inc. (a)                     1,480   1,656
ROBLOX Corp., Class A (a)             12,128  1,379
T-Mobile US, Inc.                     4,143   870
                                                37,493
Consumer discretionary ?8.77%
Amazon.com, Inc. (a)                  56,024  13,682
Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd.         16,807  4,821
TJX Cos., Inc. (The)                  21,689  3,040
Tractor Supply Co.                    55,732  3,016
Aramark                               71,894  2,723
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (a)      67,915  2,152
Marriott International, Inc., Class A 6,362   1,658
Burlington Stores, Inc. (a)           5,038   1,378
Home Depot, Inc.                      3,480   1,321
Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc.       3,605   926
YUM! Brands, Inc.                     6,377   882
                                                35,599
Health care ?7.80%
Eli Lilly and Co.                     6,426   5,545
Amgen, Inc.                           15,991  4,772
Abbott Laboratories                   35,941  4,443
UnitedHealth Group, Inc.              11,920  4,071
Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)      7,617   3,242
AbbVie, Inc.                          14,549  3,172
Danaher Corp.                         10,690  2,302
AstraZeneca PLC (ADR)                 21,633  1,783
QIAGEN NV                             26,050  1,220
Humana, Inc.                          3,981   1,108
                                                31,658
Utilities ?6.03%
Constellation Energy Corp.            36,104  13,611
Atmos Energy Corp.                    23,905  4,105
Entergy Corp.                         31,484  3,025
Sempra                                22,395  2,059
CenterPoint Energy, Inc.              43,797  1,675
                                                24,475
Consumer staples ?3.74%
Philip Morris International, Inc.     49,929  7,207
Mondelez International, Inc., Class A 100,822 5,793
Church & Dwight Co., Inc.             24,611  2,158
                                                15,158
Materials ?2.09%
Linde PLC                             17,024  7,121
Sherwin-Williams Co.                  3,983   1,374
                                                8,495
Real estate ?1.21%
Welltower, Inc. REIT                  27,007  4,889


Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

2

Common stocks ? (continued)                                                                         Shares  Value(000)
Energy ?1.15%
ConocoPhillips                                                                                      41,916  $ 3,725
Exxon Mobil Corp.                                                                                   8,154   932
                                                                                                              4,657
Total common stocks (cost: $171,793,000)                                                                    395,735
Short-term securities?2.57%                                                                                  
Money market investments?2.45%
Capital Group Central Cash Fund 4.08% (c)(d)                                                        99,487  9,950
                                                                                                             
Money market investments purchased with collateral from securities on loan?0.12%
Invesco Short-Term Investments Trust - Government & Agency Portfolio, Institutional Class 4.06% (c)(e)460,800 461
Total short-term securities (cost: $10,409,000)                                                             10,411
Total investment securities 100.10% (cost: $182,202,000)                                                    406,146
Other assets less liabilities (0.10)%                                                                       (386)
Net assets 100.00%                                                                                          $ 405,760


Investments in affiliates (d)

                                          Value at11/1/2024(000) Additions(000) Reductions(000) Netrealizedgain (loss)(000) Netunrealizedappreciation(depreciation)(000) Value at10/31/2025(000) Dividendor interestincome(000)
Short-term securities 2.45%                                                                                                                                                                       
Money market investments 2.45%                                                                                                                                                                    
Capital Group Central Cash Fund 4.08% (c) $ 5,959                $ 57,990       $ 54,000        $ (2)                       $ 3                                          $ 9,950                 $ 455


(a) Security did not produce income during the last 12 months.
(b) All or a portion of this security was on loan. Refer to Note 5 for more information on securities lending.
(c) Rate represents the seven-day yield at 10/31/2025.
(d) Affiliate of the fund or part of the same "group of investment companies" as the fund, as defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
(e) Security purchased with cash collateral from securities on loan. Refer to Note 5 for more information on securities lending.


Key to abbreviation(s)
ADR = American Depositary Receipts
REIT = Real Estate Investment Trust


Refer to the notes to financial statements.

3

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Financial statements

Statement of assets and liabilities at October 31, 2025

(dollars in thousands)

Assets:                                                                                     
Investment securities, at value (includes $495 ofinvestment securities on loan):            
Unaffiliated issuers (cost: $172,254)                                            $ 396,196  
Affiliated issuers (cost: $9,948)                                                9,950     $ 406,146
Cash                                                                                       48
Cash collateral received for securities on loan                                            51
Receivables for:                                                                            
Services provided by related parties                                             11         
Dividends                                                                        215        
Securities lending income                                                        -*        226
                                                                                           406,471
Liabilities:                                                                                
Collateral for securities on loan                                                          512
Payables for:                                                                               
Purchases of investments                                                         35         
Repurchases of fund's shares                                                     19         
Investment advisory services                                                     145       199
Net assets at October 31, 2025                                                             $ 405,760
Net assets consist of:                                                                      
Capital paid in on shares of beneficial interest                                           $ 150,039
Total distributable earnings (accumulated loss)                                            255,721
Net assets at October 31, 2025                                                             $ 405,760


*

Amount less than one thousand.

(dollars and shares in thousands, except per-share amounts)

Shares of beneficial interest issued and outstanding (no stated par value) -

unlimited shares authorized (10,207 total shares outstanding)

        Net assets Sharesoutstanding Net asset valueper share
Class M $ 405,760  10,207            $ 39.75


Refer to the notes to financial statements.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

4

Financial statements? (continued)

Statement of operations for the year ended October 31, 2025

(dollars in thousands)

Investment income:                                                                   
Income:                                                                              
Dividends (net of non-U.S. taxes of $24;also includes $455 from affiliates) $ 4,341  
Interest from unaffiliated issuers                                          5        
Securities lending income (net of fees)                                     5       $ 4,351
Fees and expenses*:                                                                  
Investment advisory services                                                1,589    
Trustees' compensation                                                      1        
Legal                                                                       4        
Other                                                                       -†       
Total fees and expenses before waivers and/or reimbursements                1,594    
Less waivers and/or reimbursements of fees and expenses:                             
Miscellaneous fee reimbursement                                             8        
Total fees and expenses after waivers and/or reimbursements                         1,586
Net investment income                                                               2,765
Net realized gain (loss) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation):                 
Net realized gain (loss) on:                                                         
Investments:                                                                         
Unaffiliated issuers                                                        33,344   
Affiliated issuers                                                          (2)      
Currency transactions                                                       1       33,343
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on:                                       
Investments:                                                                         
Unaffiliated issuers                                                        35,147   
Affiliated issuers                                                          3       35,150
Net realized gain (loss) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation)                 68,493
Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations                     $ 71,258


*

Additional information related to class-specific fees and expenses is included in the notes to financial statements.

†

Amount less than one thousand.

Refer to the notes to financial statements.

5

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Financial statements? (continued)

Statements of changes in net assets

(dollars in thousands)

                                                                Year ended October 31,
                                                                2025      2024
                                                                 
Operations:                                                                
Net investment income                                           $ 2,765   $ 3,621
Net realized gain (loss)                                        33,343    30,773
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)                      35,150    59,409
Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 71,258    93,803
Distributions paid to shareholders                              (32,597)  (19,886)
Net capital share transactions                                  2,166     (11,996)
Total increase (decrease) in net assets                         40,827    61,921
Net assets:                                                                
Beginning of year                                               364,933   303,012
End of year                                                     $ 405,760 $ 364,933


Refer to the notes to financial statements.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

6

Notes to financial statements

1.? Organization

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (the "fund") is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), as an open-end, diversified management investment company. The fund seeks to provide prudent growth of capital and conservation of principal.

2.? Significant accounting policies

The fund is an investment company that applies the accounting and reporting guidance issued in Topic 946 by the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). The fund's financial statements have been prepared to comply with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"). These principles require the fund's investment adviser to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Subsequent events, if any, have been evaluated through the date of issuance in the preparation of the financial statements. The fund follows the significant accounting policies described in this section, as well as the valuation policies described in the next section on valuation.

Operating segments - The fund represents a single operating segment as the operating results of the fund are monitored as a whole and its long-term asset allocation is determined in accordance with the terms of its prospectus, based on defined investment objectives that are executed by the fund's portfolio management team. A senior executive team comprised of the fund's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, serves as the fund's chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), who act in accordance with Board of Trustees reviews and approvals. The CODM uses financial information, such as changes in net assets from operations, changes in net assets from fund share transactions, and income and expense ratios, consistent with that presented within the accompanying financial statements and financial highlights to assess the fund's profits and losses and to make resource allocation decisions. Segment assets are reflected in the statement of assets and liabilities as net assets, which consists primarily of investment securities, at value, and significant segment expenses are listed in the accompanying statement of operations.

Security transactions and related investment income - Security transactions are recorded by the fund as of the date the trades are executed with brokers. Realized gains and losses from security transactions are determined based on the specific identified cost of the securities. In the event a security is purchased with a delayed payment date, the fund will segregate liquid assets sufficient to meet its payment obligations. Dividend income is recognized on the ex-dividend date and interest income is recognized on an accrual basis. Market discounts, premiums and original issue discounts on fixed-income securities are amortized daily over the expected life of the security.

Distributions paid to shareholders - Income dividends and capital gain distributions are recorded on the ex-dividend date.

Currency translation - Assets and liabilities, including investment securities, denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates supplied by one or more pricing vendors on the valuation date. Purchases and sales of investment securities and income and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates on the dates of such transactions. The effects of changes in exchange rates on investment securities are included with the net realized gain or loss and net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments in the fund's statement of operations. The realized gain or loss and unrealized appreciation or depreciation resulting from all other transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars are disclosed separately.

New accounting pronouncements - In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-09 ("the ASU"), Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which enhances income tax disclosures, including disclosure of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently evaluating the ASU and its impact to the financial statements.

3.? Valuation

Capital Research and Management Company ("CRMC"), the fund's investment adviser, values the fund's investments at fair value as defined by U.S. GAAP. The net asset value per share is calculated once daily as of the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange, normally 4 p.m. New York time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open.

Methods and inputs - The fund's investment adviser uses the following methods and inputs to establish the fair value of the fund's assets and liabilities. Use of particular methods and inputs may vary over time based on availability and relevance as market and economic conditions evolve.

7

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Equity securities, including depositary receipts, are generally valued at the official closing price of, or the last reported sale price on, the exchange or market on which such securities are traded, as of the close of business on the day the securities are being valued or, lacking any sales, at the last available bid price. Prices for each security are taken from the principal exchange or market on which the security trades.

Fixed-income securities, including short-term securities, are generally valued at evaluated prices obtained from third-party pricing vendors. Vendors value such securities based on one or more of the inputs described in the following table. The table provides examples of inputs that are commonly relevant for valuing particular classes of fixed-income securities in which the fund is authorized to invest. However, these classifications are not exclusive, and any of the inputs may be used to value any other class of fixed-income security.

Fixed-income class

Examples of standard inputs

All

Benchmark yields, transactions, bids, offers, quotations from dealers and

trading systems, new issues, spreads and other relationships observed in

the markets among comparable securities; and proprietary pricing models

such as yield measures calculated using factors such as cash flows, financial

or collateral performance and other reference data (collectively referred to

as "standard inputs")

Corporate bonds, notes & loans; convertible securities

Standard inputs and underlying equity of the issuer

Bonds & notes of governments & government agencies

Standard inputs and interest rate volatilities

Securities with both fixed-income and equity characteristics, or equity securities traded principally among fixed-income dealers, are generally valued in the manner described for either equity or fixed-income securities, depending on which method is deemed most appropriate by the fund's investment adviser. The Capital Group Central Cash Fund ("CCF"), a fund within the Capital Group Central Fund Series ("Central Funds"), is valued based upon a floating net asset value, which fluctuates with changes in the value of CCF's portfolio securities. The underlying securities are valued based on the policies and procedures in CCF's statement of additional information.

Securities and other assets for which representative market quotations are not readily available or are considered unreliable by the fund's investment adviser are fair valued as determined in good faith under fair valuation guidelines adopted by the fund's investment adviser and approved by the board of trustees as further described. The investment adviser follows fair valuation guidelines, consistent with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules and guidance, to consider relevant principles and factors when making fair value determinations. The investment adviser considers relevant indications of value that are reasonably and timely available to it in determining the fair value to be assigned to a particular security, such as the type and cost of the security, restrictions on resale of the security, relevant financial or business developments of the issuer, actively traded similar or related securities, dealer or broker quotes, conversion or exchange rights on the security, related corporate actions, significant events occurring after the close of trading in the security, and changes in overall market conditions. In addition, the closing prices of equity securities that trade in markets outside U.S. time zones may be adjusted to reflect significant events that occur after the close of local trading but before the net asset value of each share class of the fund is determined. Fair valuations of investments that are not actively trading involve judgment and may differ materially from valuations that would have been used had greater market activity occurred.

Processes and structure - The fund's board of trustees has designated the fund's investment adviser to make fair value determinations, subject to board oversight. The investment adviser has established a Joint Fair Valuation Committee (the "Committee") to administer, implement and oversee the fair valuation process and to make fair value decisions. The Committee regularly reviews its own fair value decisions, as well as decisions made under its standing instructions to the investment adviser's valuation team. The Committee reviews changes in fair value measurements from period to period, pricing vendor information and market data, and may, as deemed appropriate, update the fair valuation guidelines to better reflect the results of back testing and address new or evolving issues. Pricing decisions, processes and controls over security valuation are also subject to additional internal reviews facilitated by the investment adviser's global risk management group. The Committee reports changes to the fair valuation guidelines to the board of trustees. The fund's board and audit committee also regularly review reports that describe fair value determinations and methods.

Classifications - The fund's investment adviser classifies the fund's assets and liabilities into three levels based on the inputs used to value the assets or liabilities. Level 1 values are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical securities. Level 2 values are based on significant observable market inputs, such as quoted prices for similar securities and quoted prices in inactive markets. Certain securities trading outside the U.S. may transfer between Level 1 and Level 2 due to valuation adjustments resulting from significant market movements following the close of local trading. Level 3 values are based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect the investment adviser's determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the securities. The valuation levels are not necessarily an indication of the risk or liquidity associated with the underlying investment. For example, U.S. government securities are reflected as Level 2 because the inputs used to determine fair value may not always be quoted prices in an active market. As of October 31, 2025, all of the fund's investments were classified as Level 1.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

8

4.? Risk factors

Market conditions - The prices of, and the income generated by, the securities held by the fund may decline - sometimes rapidly or unpredictably - due to various factors, including events or conditions affecting the general economy or particular industries or companies; overall market changes; local, regional or global political, social or economic instability; governmental, governmental agency or central bank responses to economic conditions; levels of public debt and deficits; changes in inflation rates; and currency exchange rate, interest rate and commodity price fluctuations.

Economies and financial markets throughout the world are highly interconnected. Economic, financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, wars, terrorism, cybersecurity events, natural disasters, public health emergencies (such as the spread of infectious disease), bank failures and other circumstances in one country or region, including actions taken by governmental or quasi-governmental authorities in response to any of the foregoing, could have impacts on global economies or markets. As a result, whether or not the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries affected, the value and liquidity of the fund's investments may be negatively affected by developments in other countries and regions.

Issuer risks - The prices of, and the income generated by, securities held by the fund may decline in response to various factors directly related to the issuers of such securities, including reduced demand for an issuer's goods or services, poor management performance, major litigation, investigations or other controversies related to the issuer, changes in the issuer's financial condition or credit rating, changes in government regulations affecting the issuer or its competitive environment and strategic initiatives such as mergers, acquisitions or dispositions and the market response to any such initiatives. An individual security may also be affected by factors relating to the industry or sector of the issuer or the securities markets as a whole, and conversely an industry or sector or the securities markets may be affected by a change in financial condition or other event affecting a single issuer.

Investing in growth-oriented stocks - Growth-oriented common stocks and other equity-type securities (such as preferred stocks, convertible preferred stocks and convertible bonds) may involve larger price swings and greater potential for loss than other types of investments.

Investing in income-oriented stocks - The value of the fund's securities and income provided by the fund may be reduced by changes in the dividend policies of, and the capital resources available for dividend payments at, the companies in which the fund invests.

Investing outside the U.S. - Securities of issuers domiciled outside the U.S. or with significant operations or revenues outside the U.S., and securities tied economically to countries outside the U.S., may lose value because of adverse political, social, economic or market developments (including social instability, regional conflicts, terrorism and war) in the countries or regions in which the issuers are domiciled, operate or generate revenue or to which the securities are tied economically. These securities may also lose value due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar and/or currencies of other countries. Issuers of these securities may be more susceptible to actions of foreign governments, such as nationalization, currency blockage or the imposition of price controls, sanctions, or punitive taxes, each of which could adversely impact the value of these securities. Securities markets in certain countries may be more volatile and/or less liquid than those in the U.S. Investments outside the U.S. may also be subject to different regulatory, legal, accounting, auditing, financial reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and may be more difficult to value, than those in the U.S. In addition, the value of investments outside the U.S. may be reduced by foreign taxes, including foreign withholding taxes on interest and dividends. Further, there may be increased risks of delayed settlement of securities purchased or sold by the fund, which could impact the liquidity of the fund's portfolio. The risks of investing outside the U.S may be heightened in connection with investments in emerging markets.

Management - The investment adviser to the fund actively manages the fund's investments. Consequently, the fund is subject to the risk that the methods and analyses, including models, tools and data, employed by the investment adviser in this process may be flawed or incorrect and may not produce the desired results. This could cause the fund to lose value or its investment results to lag relevant benchmarks or other funds with similar objectives.

9

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

5.? Certain investment techniques

Securities lending - The fund has entered into securities lending transactions in which the fund earns income by lending investment securities to brokers, dealers or other institutions. Each transaction involves three parties: the fund, acting as the lender of the securities, a borrower, and a lending agent that acts as an intermediary.

Securities lending transactions are entered into by the fund under a securities lending agent agreement with the lending agent. The lending agent facilitates the exchange of securities between the fund and approved borrowers, ensures that securities loans are properly coordinated and documented, marks-to-market the value of collateral daily, secures additional collateral from a borrower if it falls below preset terms, and may reinvest cash collateral on behalf of the fund according to agreed parameters. The lending agent provides indemnification to the fund against losses resulting from a borrower default. Although risk is mitigated by the collateral and indemnification, the fund could experience a delay in recovering its securities and a potential loss of income or value if a borrower fails to return securities, collateral investments decline in value or the lending agent fails to perform.

The borrower is required to post highly liquid assets, such as cash or U.S. government securities, as collateral for the loan in an amount at least equal to the value of the securities loaned. Investments made with cash collateral are recognized as assets in the fund's investment portfolio. The same amount is recorded as a liability in the fund's statement of assets and liabilities. While securities are on loan, the fund will continue to receive the equivalent of the interest, dividends or other distributions paid by the issuer, as well as a portion of the interest on the investment of the collateral. Additionally, although the fund does not have the right to vote on securities while they are on loan, the fund has a right to consent on corporate actions and a right to recall loaned securities to vote. A borrower is obligated to return loaned securities at the conclusion of a loan or, during the pendency of a loan, on demand from the fund.

As of October 31, 2025, the total value of securities on loan was $495,000, and the total value of collateral received was $512,000, which consisted entirely of cash. Investment securities purchased from cash collateral are disclosed in the fund's investment portfolio as short-term securities. Securities received as collateral, if any, are not recognized as fund assets. The contractual maturity of cash collateral received under the securities lending agreement is classified as overnight and continuous.

6.? Taxation and distributions

Federal income taxation - The fund complies with the requirements under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code applicable to regulated investment companies and intends to distribute substantially all of its net taxable income and net capital gains each year. The fund is not subject to income taxes to the extent such distributions are made. Therefore, no federal income tax provision is required.

As of and during the year ended October 31, 2025, the fund did not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. The fund recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense in the statement of operations. During the year, the fund did not incur any significant interest or penalties.

The fund's tax returns are generally not subject to examination by federal, state and, if applicable, non-U.S. tax authorities after the expiration of each jurisdiction's statute of limitations, which is typically three years after the date of filing but can be extended in certain jurisdictions.

Non-U.S. taxation - Dividend and interest income are recorded net of non-U.S. taxes paid. The fund may file withholding tax reclaims in certain jurisdictions to recover a portion of amounts previously withheld. These reclaims are recorded when the amount is known and there are no significant uncertainties on collectability. Gains realized by the fund on the sale of securities in certain countries, if any, may be subject to non-U.S. taxes. The fund generally records an estimated deferred tax liability based on unrealized gains to provide for potential non-U.S. taxes payable upon the sale of these securities.

Distributions - Distributions determined on a tax basis may differ from net investment income and net realized gains for financial reporting purposes. These differences are due primarily to different treatment for items such as currency gains and losses; short-term capital gains and losses and capital losses related to sales of certain securities within 30 days of purchase. The fiscal year in which amounts are distributed may differ from the year in which the net investment income and net realized gains are recorded by the fund for financial reporting purposes. The fund may also designate a portion of the amount paid to redeeming shareholders as a distribution for tax purposes.

During the year ended October 31, 2025, the fund reclassified $1,491,000 from total distributable earnings to capital paid in on shares of beneficial interest to align financial reporting with tax reporting.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

10

As of October 31, 2025, the tax basis components of distributable earnings, unrealized appreciation (depreciation) and cost of investments were as follows (dollars in thousands):

Undistributed long-term capital gains                     $ 31,822
Gross unrealized appreciation on investments              225,988
Gross unrealized depreciation on investments              (2,090)
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 223,898
Cost of investments                                       182,248


Distributions paid were characterized for tax purposes as follows (dollars in thousands):

            Year ended October 31, 2025 Year ended October 31, 2024
Share class Ordinaryincome              Long-termcapital gains Totaldistributionspaid Ordinaryincome Long-termcapital gains Totaldistributionspaid
Class M     $ 3,309                     $ 29,288               $ 32,597               $ 3,427        $ 16,459               $ 19,886


7.? Fees and transactions with related parties

CRMC, the fund's investment adviser, is the parent company of Capital Client Group, Inc ("CCG"), the principal underwriter of the fund's share, and American Funds Service Company® ("AFS"), the fund's transfer agent. CRMC, CCG and AFS are considered related parties to the fund.

Investment advisory services - The fund has an investment advisory and service agreement with CRMC that provides for monthly fees accrued daily. For the services it provides to the fund, CRMC receives a unified management fee of 0.425% of the daily net assets of the fund. Out of the fund's unified management fee CRMC pays all expenses of managing and operating the fund except brokerage expenses, taxes, interest, fees and expenses of the independent trustees (including legal counsel fees) and extraordinary expenses, such as litigation expenses. These expenses, which are not paid by CRMC from the unified management fee, are paid by the fund, which are currently reimbursed by CRMC.

Miscellaneous fee reimbursement - Expense limitations have been imposed through at least January 1, 2027, to limit the share class's total annual operating expense to 0.425% as a percentage of daily net assets. For the year ended October 31, 2025, CRMC reimbursed miscellaneous fees of $8,000 for the fund, which CRMC does not intend to recoup. Fees and expenses in the statement of operations are presented gross of any reimbursements from CRMC.

Affiliated officers and trustees - Officers and certain trustees of the fund are or may be considered to be affiliated with CRMC. No affiliated officers or trustees received any compensation directly from the fund.

Investment in CCF - The fund holds shares of CCF, an institutional prime money market fund managed by CRMC. CCF invests in high-quality, short-term money market instruments. CCF is used as the primary investment vehicle for the fund's short-term investments. CCF shares are only available for purchase by CRMC, its affiliates, and other funds managed by CRMC or its affiliates, and are not available to the public. CRMC does not receive an investment advisory services fee from CCF.

Security transactions with related funds - The fund purchased investment securities from, and sold investment securities to, other funds managed by CRMC (or funds managed by certain affiliates of CRMC) under procedures adopted by the fund's board of trustees. The funds involved in such transactions are considered related by virtue of having a common investment adviser (or affiliated investment advisers), common trustees and/or common officers. Each transaction was executed at the current market price of the security and no brokerage commissions or fees were paid in accordance with Rule 17a-7 of the 1940 Act. During the year ended October 31, 2025, the fund engaged in such purchase and sale transactions with related funds in the amounts of $8,979,000 and $5,083,000, respectively, which generated $2,504,000 of net realized gains from such sales.

11

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Interfund lending - Pursuant to an exemptive order issued by the SEC, the fund, along with other CRMC-managed funds (or funds managed by certain affiliates of CRMC), may participate in an interfund lending program. The program provides an alternate credit facility that permits the funds to lend or borrow cash for temporary purposes directly to or from one another, subject to the conditions of the exemptive order. The fund did not lend or borrow cash through the interfund lending program at any time during the year ended October 31, 2025.

8.? Indemnifications

The fund's organizational documents provide board members and officers with indemnification against certain liabilities or expenses in connection with the performance of their duties to the fund. In the normal course of business, the fund may also enter into contracts that provide general indemnifications. The fund's maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown since it is dependent on future claims that may be made against the fund. The risk of material loss from such claims is considered remote. Insurance policies are also available to the fund's board members and officers.

9.? Capital share transactions

Capital share transactions in the fund were as follows (dollars and shares in thousands):

            Sales   Reinvestments ofdistributions Repurchases Net increase(decrease)
Share class Amount  Shares                        Amount      Shares Amount     Shares  Amount     Shares
Year ended October 31, 2025
Class M     $ 8,239 235                           $ 32,522    914    $ (38,595) (1,081) $ 2,166    68
                                                               
                                                                                                    
Year ended October 31, 2024
Class M     $ 7,341 229                           $ 19,838    648    $ (39,175) (1,195) $ (11,996) (318)


10.? Investment transactions

The fund engaged in purchases and sales of investment securities, excluding short-term securities and U.S. government obligations,

if any, of $93,373,000 and $124,002,000, respectively, during the year ended October 31, 2025.

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

12

Financial highlights

Income (loss) from

investment operations 1

Dividends and distributions

Year ended

Net asset

value,

beginning

of year

Net

investment

income

(loss)

Net gains

(losses) on

securities (both

realized and

unrealized)

Total from

investment

operations

Dividends

(from net

investment

income)

Distributions

(from capital

gains)

Total

dividends

and

distributions

Net asset

value, end

of year

Total

return 2

Net assets,

end of

year

(in millions)

Ratio of

expenses to

average net

assets before

waivers/

reimbursements 3

Ratio of

expenses to

average net

assets after

waivers/

reimbursements 2,3

Ratio of

net income

(loss)

to average

net assets 2

10/31/2025

$ 35.99

$ .27

$ 6.73

$ 7.00

$ (.32

)

$ (2.92

)

$ (3.24

)

$ 39.75

20.56

%

$ 406

.43

%

.42

%

.74

%

10/31/2024

28.98

.35

8.60

8.95

(.33

)

(1.61

)

(1.94

)

35.99

32.12

365

.43

.43

1.04

10/31/2023

27.92

.38

1.77

2.15

(.38

)

(.71

)

(1.09

)

28.98

7.80

303

.43

.43

1.31

10/31/2022

33.77

.32

(4.33

)

(4.01

)

(.31

)

(1.53

)

(1.84

)

27.92

(12.44

)

285

.43

.43

1.07

10/31/2021

25.54

.28

8.78

9.06

(.29

)

(.54

)

(.83

)

33.77

36.12

344

.43

.42

.94

                                                Year ended October 31,
2025                                            2024 2023 2022 2021
Portfolio turnover rate for all share classes 4 26%  26%  26%  12% 15%


1 Based on average shares outstanding.
2 This column reflects the impact of certain waivers and/or reimbursements from CRMC and/or AFS, if any.
3 Ratios do not include expenses of any Central Funds. The fund indirectly bears its proportionate share of the expenses of any Central Funds.
4 Rates do not include the fund's portfolio activity with respect to any Central Funds.


Refer to the notes to financial statements.

13

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities, including the investment portfolio, of Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (the "Fund") as of October 31, 2025, the related statement of operations for the year ended October 31, 2025, the statements of changes in net assets for each of the two years in the period ended October 31, 2025, including the related notes, and the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period ended October 31, 2025 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of October 31, 2025, the results of its operations for the year then ended, the changes in its net assets for each of the two years in the period ended October 31, 2025 and the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period ended October 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Fund's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of October 31, 2025 by correspondence with the custodian, transfer agent and brokers; when replies were not received from brokers, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Los Angeles, California

December 11, 2025

We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in The Capital Group group of investment companies since 1934.

14

Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund

Part C

Other Information

Item 28. Exhibits for Registration Statement (1940 Act No. 811-23469 and 1933 Act No. 333-233376) (a) Articles of Incorporation - Certificate of Trust and Agreement and Declaration of Trust - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19) (b) By-laws - By-laws - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19) (c) Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders - None (d) Investment Advisory Contracts - Investment Advisory and Service Agreement - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19) (e) Underwriting Contracts - Amended and Restated Principal Underwriting Agreement effective 8/1/20 - previously filed (see P/E Amendment No. 5 filed 12/30/21) (f) Bonus or Profit Sharing Contracts - None (g) Custodian Agreements - Global Custody Agreement and Amendment to Global Custody Agreement - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19) (h) Other Material Contracts - Form of Indemnification Agreement - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19); Agreement and Plan of Reorganization - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19); and Amended and Restated Shareholder Services Agreement dated 1/1/23 - previously filed (see P/E Amendment No. 6 filed 12/30/22) (i-1) Legal Opinion - Legal Opinion - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19) (i-2) Legal Opinion (j) Other Opinions - Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

(k) Omitted financial statements - None

(l) Initial capital agreements - Initial capital agreement - previously filed (see Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed 11/5/19) (m) Rule 12b-1 Plan - None (n) Rule 18f-3 Plan - None

(o) Reserved

(p) Code of Ethics - Code of Ethics for The Capital Group Companies dated May 2025; and Code of Ethics for Registrant Item 29. Persons Controlled by or Under Common Control with the Fund

None

Item 30. Indemnification

The Registrant is a joint-insured under Investment Adviser/Mutual Fund Errors and Omissions Policies, which insure its officers and trustees against certain liabilities. However, in no event will Registrant maintain insurance to indemnify any such person for any act for which Registrant itself is not permitted to indemnify the individual.

Article 8 of the Registrant's Declaration of Trust as well as the indemnification agreements that the Registrant has entered into with each of its trustees who is not an "interested person" of the Registrant (as defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), provide in effect that the Registrant will indemnify its officers and trustees against any liability or expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person in any proceeding arising out of or in connection with his or her service to the Registrant, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain conditions. In accordance with Section 17(h) and 17(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and their respective terms, these provisions do not protect any person against any liability to the Registrant or its shareholders to which such person would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office.

Insofar as indemnification for liability arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to trustees, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a trustee, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such trustee, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

Registrant will comply with the indemnification requirements contained in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and Release Nos. 7221 (June 9, 1972) and 11330 (September 4, 1980).

Item 31. Business and Other Connections of the Investment Adviser

None

Item 32. Principal Underwriters

(a) Capital Client Group, Inc. is the Principal Underwriter of shares of: AMCAP Fund, American Balanced Fund, American Funds College Target Date Series, American Funds Core Plus Bond Fund, American Funds Corporate Bond Fund, American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund, American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund, American Funds Fundamental Investors, American Funds Global Balanced Fund, American Funds Global Insight Fund, The American Funds Income Series, American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund, American Funds International Vantage Fund, American Funds Mortgage Fund, American Funds Multi-Sector Income Fund, American Funds Portfolio Series, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series, American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund, American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, American Funds Target Date Retirement Series, American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York, The American Funds Tax-Exempt Series II, American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund, American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund, American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund, American High-Income Trust, American Mutual Fund, The Bond Fund of America, Capital Group Completion Fund Series, Capital Group Conservative Equity ETF, Capital Group Core Balanced ETF, Capital Group Core Equity ETF, Capital Group Dividend Growers ETF, Capital Group Dividend Value ETF, Capital Group Equity ETF Trust I, Capital Group Fixed Income ETF Trust, Capital Group Global Equity ETF, Capital Group Global Growth Equity ETF, Capital Group Growth ETF, Capital Group International Core Equity ETF, Capital Group International Equity ETF, Capital Group International Focus Equity ETF, Capital Group KKR Core Plus+, Capital Group KKR Multi-Sector+, Capital Group New Geography Equity ETF, Capital Group Private Client Services Funds, Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund, Capital Income Builder, Capital World Bond Fund, Capital World Growth and Income Fund, Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc., EUPAC Fund, The Growth Fund of America, The Income Fund of America, Intermediate Bond Fund of America, International Growth and Income Fund, The Investment Company of America, Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America, The New Economy Fund, New Perspective Fund, New World Fund, Inc., Short-Term Bond Fund of America, SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc., The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America and Washington Mutual Investors Fund

(b)

     (1)Name and PrincipalBusiness Address (2)Positions and Officeswith Underwriter (3)Positions and Officeswith Registrant
LAO   Katherine Abbott                      Vice President                           None 
CHO  Chatelaine Achterberg                  Assistant Vice President                 None 
LAO   Alex J. Adair                         Regional Vice President                  None 
LAO   Samuel Adams                          Regional Vice President                  None 


LAO   Anuj K. Agarwal        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Albert Aguilar, Jr.    Director, Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer                             None 
SNO   David A. Ajluni        Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   C. Thomas Akin II      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Anthony Albano         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Mark G. Alteri         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jeremy Alyea           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Colleen M. Ambrose     Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Christopher S. Anast   Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Blake J. Anderson      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Dion T. Angelopoulos   Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
CHO   Erik J. Applegate      Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division          None 
LAO   Luis F. Arocha         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Keith D. Ashley        Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Julie A. Asher         Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Curtis A. Baker        Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   T. Patrick Bardsley    Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO   Mark C. Barile         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Shakeel A. Barkat      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Antonio M. Bass        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Andrew Z. Bates        Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Katherine A. Beattie   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Scott G. Beckerman     Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jeb M. Bent            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Matthew D. Benton      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jerry R. Berg          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Joseph W. Best, Jr.    Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 


LAO   Matthew F. Betley         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Roger J. Bianco, Jr.      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Ryan M. Bickle            Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Joseph Bilello            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jay A. Binstock           Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Peter D. Bjork            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
DCO   Bryan K. Blankenship      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Marek Blaskovic           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Matthew C. Bloemer        Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Erick K. Bodge            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Gerard M. Bockstie, Jr.   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jon T. Boldt              Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Ainsley J. Borel          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Jill M. Boudreau          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Andre W. Bouvier          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Jordan C. Bowers          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   David H. Bradin           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   William J. Brady          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   William P. Brady          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Andrew A. Bredholt        Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   William G. Bridge         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Siobhan M. Broadbery      Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Lorena B. Brockman        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Kevin G. Broulette        Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division          None 
LAO   E. Chapman Brown, Jr.     Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Elizabeth S. Brownlow     Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Gary D. Bryce             Senior Vice President                                                             None 


LAO   Christopher Bucci         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
NYO   Melissa Buccilli          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO   Dylan J. Burdick          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Kenneth D. Burdick        Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Carmen A. Burke           Vice President                                                                    None 
IND   Jennifer L. Butler        Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Steven Calabria           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Thomas E. Callahan        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kelly V. Campbell         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Patrick C. Campbell III   Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Anthon S. Cannon III      Vice President                                                                    None 
SNO   Antonio G. Capobianco     Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Kevin J. Carevic          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Jason S. Carlough         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kim R. Carney             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Damian F. Carroll         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   David C. Carson, Jr.      Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   James D. Carter           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Stephen L. Caruthers      Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
SFO   James G. Carville         Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Philip L. Casciano        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Christopher M. Cefalo     Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND  Alexzania N. Chambers      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Kent W. Chan              Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
SNO   Marcus L. Chaves          Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Si J. Chen                Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Daniel A. Chodosch        Senior Vice President                                                             None 


LAO   Wellington Choi          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Peter J. Chong           Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Cheryl L. Christian      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Andrew T. Christos       Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Robert S. Chu            Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Paul A. Cieslik          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Andrew R. Claeson        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Michael J. Clark         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jamie A. Claypool        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kyle R. Coffey           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Natalie S. Cole          Vice President                                                                    None 
NYO   Jayme E. Colosimo        Vice President                                                                    None 
IND   Timothy J. Colvin        Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Frances Coombes          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IRV   Erin K. Concepcion       Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
SNO   Brandon J. Cone          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Christopher M. Conwell   Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   C. Jeffrey Cook          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Megan Costa              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Joseph G. Cronin         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   D. Erick Crowdus         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO   Zachary A. Cutkomp       Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Hanh M. Dao              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Alex L. DaPron           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   William F. Daugherty     Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Alexandria B. Davis      Regional Vice President                                                           None 
SNO   Bradley C. Davis         Assistant Vice President                                                          None 


LAO   Scott T. Davis             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Shehan N. De Silva         Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Adam DeAngelis             Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Peter J. Deavan            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kristofer J. DeBonville    Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Guy E. Decker              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Mark A. Dence              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO   Brian M. Derrico           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Stephen Deschenes          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   James G. DiGiuseppe        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Alexander J. Diorio        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Mario P. DiVito            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kevin F. Dolan             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   John H. Donovan IV         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Ronald Q. Dottin           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Joseph B. Dowd             Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   John J. Doyle              Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Ryan T. Doyle              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Craig Duglin               Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Alan J. Dumas              Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   John E. Dwyer IV           Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Christopher P. Dziubasik   Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
IND   Karyn B. Dzurisin          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kevin C. Easley            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Shirley Ecklund            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Damian Eckstein            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Matthew J. Eisenhardt      Senior Vice President                                                             None 


IRV   Jessica Eng            Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Joseph Epstein         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Wayne C. Ewan          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Bryan R. Favilla       Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Joseph M. Fazio        Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Mark A. Ferraro        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Christopher Fetchet    Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Brandon J. Fetta       Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   John P. Finneran III   Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Layne M. Finnerty      Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
SNO   Coenraad F. Fletcher   Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Kevin H. Folks         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND   Kelly B. Fonderoli     Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   William E. Ford        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IRV   Robert S. Forshee      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Mark D. Foster         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Steven M. Fox          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Holly C. Framsted      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Megan France           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Rusty A. Frauhiger     Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Vincent C. Fu          Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Tyler L. Furek         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Myles Gaines           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jignesh D. Gandhi      Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   J. Gregory Garrett     Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
SNO   Edward S. Garza        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Brian K. Geiger        Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 


LAO   Leslie B. Geller         Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Jacob M. Gerber          Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Michele Giangrande       Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Travis Gilberg           Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Pamela A. Gillett        Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   William F. Gilmartin     Senior Vice President                                                      None 
IND   Brenda L. Goeken         Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Kathleen D. Golden       Vice President                                                             None 
NYO   Joshua H. Gordon         Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
SNO   Craig B. Gray            Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Robert E. Greeley, Jr.   Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Jameson R. Greenstone    Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Eric M. Grey             Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Karen M. Griffin         Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   E. Renee Grimm           Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Scott A. Grouten         Senior Vice President                                                      None 
SNO   John S. Gryniewicz       Regional Vice President                                                    None 
LAO   Sam S. Gumma             Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jan S. Gunderson         Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Ryan A. Gundrum          Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
SNO   Lori L. Guy              Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Janna C. Hahn            Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Philip E. Haning         Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Katy L. Hanke            Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Brandon S. Hansen        Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Julie O. Hansen          Vice President                                                             None 
SNO   Nicholas Hargreaves      Assistant Vice President                                                   None 


LAO   John R. Harley                 Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Calvin L. Harrelson III        Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Craig W. Hartigan              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Janis Harrison                 Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   James Hayes                    Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jennifer Hayes                 Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Alan M. Heaton                 Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Clifford W. "Webb" Heidinger   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Brock A. Hillman               Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND   Kristin S. Himsel              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO   Emilia A. Holt                 Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Dennis L. Hooper               Regional Vice President                                                           None 
IND   Ryan D. Hoover                 Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jessica K. Hooyenga            Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Scott W. Hoyer                 Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   David R. Hreha                 Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Frederic J. Huber              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jeffrey K. Hunkins             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Angelia G. Hunter              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Christa M. Iacono              Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Marc G. Ialeggio               Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Maurice E. Jadah               Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Asad K. Jamil                  Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   W. Chris Jenkins               Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Daniel J. Jess II              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND   Jameel S. Jiwani               Vice President                                                                    None 
CHO   Allison S. Johnston            Assistant vice President                                                          None 


LAO   Brendan M. Jonland       Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kathryn H. Jordan        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   David G. Jordt           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Michael Kamell           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Eric J. Kamin            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
IND   Teodor P. Karnakov       Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Wassan M. Kasey          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND   Joel A. Kaul             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   John P. Keating          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   David B. Keib            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Brian G. Kelly           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Christopher J. Kennedy   Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Jason A. Kerr            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Ryan C. Kidwell          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Charles A. King          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
IND   Eric M. Kirkman          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Kelsei Q. Kirland        Vice President                                                                    None 
IND   Morgann B. Klaus         Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Stephen J. Knutson       Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Michael J. Koch          Vice President                                                                    None 
IND   Philip A. Kojich         Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Christina Kramer         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   James M. Kreider         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Jacob A. Kuchta          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
SNO   David D. Kuncho          Vice President                                                                    None 
NYO   Joseph Lai               Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jialing Lang             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 


LAO   Richard M. Lang        Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division      None 
SNO   Theodore J. Larsen     Assistant Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Andrew P. Laskowski    Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Armand Leaks           Vice President                                                                       None 
LAO   Matthew N. Leeper      Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Victor J. LeMay        Regional Vice President                                                              None 
SNO   Matthew T. Levene      Assistant Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Clay M. Leveritt       Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Emily R. Liao          Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Lauren C. Liebes       Regional Vice President                                                              None 
LAO   Chris H. Lin           Assistant Vice President                                                             None 
IND   Justin L. Linder       Vice President                                                                       None 
LAO   Louis K. Linquata      Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Damien X. Lona         Regional Vice President                                                              None 
LAO   Rainey Lord            Vice President                                                                       None 
LAO   Omar J. Love           Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division      None 
SNO   Adam C. Lozano         Assistant Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Dillon W. Lull         Regional Vice President                                                              None 
LAO   Reid A. Luna           Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division             None 
LAO   Joe P. Lynch           Regional Vice President                                                              None 
CHO   Karin A. Lystad        Assistant Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Brandon Y. Ma          Regional Vice President                                                              None 
LAO   Justin Maddox          Regional Vice President                                                              None 
NYO   Catherine M. Magyera   Vice President                                                                       None 
LAO   James M. Maher         Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Brendan T. Mahoney     Senior Vice President                                                                None 
LAO   Nathan G. Mains        Senior Vice President                                                                None 


LAO   Jeffrey N. Malbasa           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Usma A. Malik                Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Chantal M. Manseau Guerdat   Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Arran M. Maran               Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Seema Manek                  Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Brooke M. Marrujo            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
CHO   James M. Mathenge            Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division          None 
SNO   Duane R. Mattson             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Stephen B. May               Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Barnabas T. Mbigha           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Joseph A. McCreesh, III      Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Ross M. McDonald             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Clinton S. McCurry           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jennifer L. McGrath          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Timothy W. McHale            Secretary                                                                         None 
SNO   Michael J. McLaughlin        Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Max J. McQuiston             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Curtis D. Mc Reynolds        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Marin B. Meaney              Regional Vice President                                                           None 
IND   Melissa M. Meade             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Paulino Medina               Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Britney L. Melvin            Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Davina J. Merrell            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   David A. Merrill             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
SNO   Lauren A. Merriweather       Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Conrad F. Metzger            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Carl B. Meyer                Regional Vice President                                                           None 


LAO    Benjamin J. Miller      Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    Jennifer M. Miller      Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    Lauren D. Miller        Assistant Vice President                                                                            None 
LAO    Tammy H. Miller         Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    William T. Mills        Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
LAO    Sean C. Minor           Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
LAO    Louis W. Minora         Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    James R. Mitchell III   Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
LAO    Charles L. Mitsakos     Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
IND    Eric E. Momcilovich     Assistant Vice President                                                                            None 
SNO    Christopher Moore       Assistant Vice President                                                                            None 
IND    Jonathan L. Moran       Regional Vice President                                                                             None 
LAO    Rex Morgan              Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    Nathaniel Morris        Regional Vice President                                                                             None 
LAO    David H. Morrison       Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    Andrew J. Moscardini    Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division                     None 
LAO    Stanley Moy             Assistant Vice President                                                                            None 
LAO    Joseph M. Mulcahy       Regional Vice President                                                                             None 
LAOW   Ryan D. Murphy          Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
NYO    Timothy J. Murphy       Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
IND    Valynda J. Murray       Vice President                                                                                      None 
LAO    Zahid Nakhooda          Regional Vice President                                                                            None
IND    Kristen L. Nelson       Regional Vice President                                                                             None 
LAO    Jon C. Nicolazzo        Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
LAO    Earnest M. Niemi        Senior Vice President                                                                               None 
LAO    Matthew P. O'Connor     Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division  None 
IND    Jody L. O'Dell          Assistant Vice President                                                                            None 


LAO   Jonathan H. O'Flynn       Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Bradley D. Olalde         Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Arthur B. Oliver          Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Peter A. Olsen            Senior Vice President                                                      None 
IND   Kevin G. Olson            Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Thomas A. O'Neil          Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Cimber L. Nuessle         Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Michael Orlando           Vice President                                                             None 
IRV   Paula A. Orologas         Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Vincent A. Ortega         Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
NYO   Gregory H. Ortman         Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Shawn M. O'Sullivan       Senior Vice President                                                      None 
IND   Lance T. Owens            Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Kristina E. Page          Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jeffrey C. Paguirigan     Senior Vice President                                                      None 
NYO   Christine M. Papa         Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Rodney Dean Parker II     Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Ingrid S. Parl            Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   William D. Parsley        Regional Vice President                                                    None 
LAO   Timothy C. Patterson      Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   W. Burke Patterson, Jr.   Senior Vice President                                                      None 
SNO   Adam P. Peach             Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Robert J. Peche           Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Elena M. Peerson          Regional Vice President                                                    None 
IRV   Grace L. Pelczynski       Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Sejal U. Penkar           Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Harry A. Phinney          Senior Vice President                                                      None 


LAO    Adam W. Phillips           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Joseph M. Piccolo          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Sally L. Picota De Holte   Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Keith A. Piken             Senior Vice President and Director                                                None 
LAO    Jonathan T. Plance         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
SFO    Eugene Podkaminer          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    David T. Polak             Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO    Chloe E. Pollara           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Michael E. Pollgreen       Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Charles R. Porcher         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO    Robert B. Potter III       Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Darrell W. Pounders        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Ryan T. Price              Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAOW   Colyar W. Pridgen          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Michelle L. Pullen         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Victoria M. Quach          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Steven J. Quagrello        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND    Kelly S. Quick             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Michael R. Quinn           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Sava S. Radakovich         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Mary K. Radloff            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Ryan E. Radtke             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    James R. Raker             Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO    Rachel M. Ramos            Vice President                                                                    None 
SNO    Eddie A. Rascon            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Rene M. Reincke            Vice President, Treasurer and Director                                            None 
LAO    Lesley P. Reinhart         Vice President                                                                    None 


LAO   Michael D. Reynaert          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Christopher J. Richardson   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    James Robelotto             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
SNO    Stephanie A. Robichaud      Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Jeffrey J. Robinson         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Matthew M. Robinson         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Jennifer R. Rocci           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Rochelle C. Rodriguez       Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Melissa B. Roe              Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Stephen Ross                Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Thomas W. Rose              Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO    Rome D. Rottura             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND    Jennah N. Ruddick           Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Leah O. Ryan                Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    William M. Ryan             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND    Brenda S. Rynski            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Richard A. Sabec, Jr.       Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO    Richard R. Salinas          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAOW   Erica Salvay                Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Benjamin F. Samuels         Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Michael C. Santangelo       Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Paul V. Santoro             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    David E. Saunders II        Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division          None 
LAO    Keith A. Saunders           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Joe D. Scarpitti            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IND    Broderic C. Schoen          Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Jackson T. Schuette         Regional Vice President                                                           None 


LAO    Domenic A. Sciarra      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Keon F. Scott           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Mark A. Seaman          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO    James J. Sewell III     Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Arthur M. Sgroi         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Erin C. Sheehan         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Puja V. Sheth           Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Kelly S. Simon          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAOW   Anmol Sinha             Senior Vice President                                                             None 
SNO    Julia M. Sisente        Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Melissa A. Sloane       Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Jason C. Smith          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Joshua J. Smith         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Taylor D. Smith         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO    Stephanie L. Smolka     Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    J. Eric Snively         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    John A. Sobotowski      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
SNO    Chadwick R. Solano      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Charles V. Sosa         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Alexander T. Sotiriou   Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Steven J. Sperry        Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO    Margaret V. Steinbach   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Michael P. Stern        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Andrew J. Strandquist   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO    Allison M. Straub       Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Valerie B. Stringer     Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO    Jamie J. Suh            Assistant Vice President                                                          None 


LAO     John R. Sulzicki          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO     Jack Swigle               Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO     Peter D. Thatch           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     John B. Thomas            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     Cynthia M. Thompson       Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
SNO     Mark D. Thompson          Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
HRO     Stephen B. Thompson       Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO     Ryan D. Tiernan           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     Luke N. Trammell          Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     Jordan A. Trevino         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     Michael J. Triessl        Director                                                                          None 
LAO     Michael Trujillo          Vice President                                                                    None 
CHO     Polina S. Tsybrovska      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO     Shaun C. Tucker           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IRV     Sean M. Tupy              Vice President                                                                    None 
SNO     Corey W. Tyson            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
IND     Ryan C. Tyson             Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO     Jason A. Uberti           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO     David E. Unanue           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     John W. Urbanski          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO     Veronica Vasquez          Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO-W   Gerrit Veerman III        Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services            None 
LAO     Cynthia G. Velazquez      Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO     Spilios Venetsanopoulos   Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     J. David Viale            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO     Austin J. Vierra          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO     Robert D. Vigneaux III    Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 


LAO   Julie A. Vogel           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
IRV   Thu A. Vu                Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Adam Waclawsky           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Jon N. Wainman           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Hudson Walker            Regional Vice President                                                           None 
ATO   Jason C. Wallace         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Sherrie S. Walling       Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Brian M. Walsh           Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Susan O. Walton          Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Justin N. Wang           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
IND   Kristen M. Weaver        Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Timothy S. Wei           Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Sheraton Welch           Regional Vice President                                                           None 
SNO   Gordon S. Wells          Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   George J. Wenzel         Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Jason M. Weybrecht       Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Adam B. Whitehead        Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Gregory D. Williams II   Assistant Vice President                                                          None 
LAO   Ashley L. Wilson         Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jonathan D. Wilson       Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Steven Wilson            Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Steven C. Wilson         Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Anthony J. Wingate       Vice President                                                                    None 
LAO   Benjamin Wirtshafter     Senior Vice President                                                             None 
LAO   Kimberly D. Wood         Senior Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
IND   Benjamin T. Wooden       Regional Vice President                                                           None 
LAO   Jennifer N. Woodward     Assistant Vice President                                                          None 


IND   Matthew A. Wooten     Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
LAO   Elizabeth D. Yakes    Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
NYO   Mila I. Yankova       Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Jason P. Young        Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Jonathan A. Young     Senior Vice President                                                      None 
LAO   Lauren E. Zappia      Regional Vice President                                                    None 
LAO   Raul Zarco, Jr.       Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 
LAO   Heidi H. Zhang        Assistant Vice President                                                   None 
NYO   Tanya Zolotarevskiy   Vice President, Capital Group Institutional Investment Services Division   None 


__________

HRO     Business Address, 5300 Robin Hood Road, Norfolk, VA 23513 
IND     Business Address, 12811 North Meridian Street, Carmel, IN 46032 
IRV     Business Address, 6455 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618 
LAO     Business Address, 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071 
LAO-W   Business Address, 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., 18th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90025 
NYO     Business Address, 399 Park Avenue, 34th Floor, New York, NY 10022 
SFO     Business Address, One Market Street, Suite 1800, San Francisco, CA 94105 
SNO     Business Address, 3500 Wiseman Boulevard, San Antonio, TX 78251 


(c) None

Item 33. Location of Accounts and Records

Accounts, books and other records required by Rules 31a-1 and 31a-2 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, are maintained and held in the offices of the Registrant's investment adviser, Capital Research and Management Company, 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, California 90071; 6455 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, California 92618; and/or 5300 Robin Hood Road, Norfolk, Virginia 23513.

Registrant's records covering shareholder accounts are maintained and kept by its transfer agent, American Funds Service Company, 6455 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, California 92618; 12811 North Meridian Street, Carmel, Indiana 46032; 3500 Wiseman Boulevard, San Antonio, Texas 78251; and 5300 Robin Hood Road, Norfolk, Virginia 23513.

Registrant's records covering portfolio transactions are maintained and kept by its custodian, State Street Bank and Trust Company, One Lincoln Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02111.

Item 34. Management Services

None

Item 35. Undertakings

n/a

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for effectiveness of this Registration Statement under Rule 485(b) under the Securities Act of 1933 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized, in the City of Irvine, in the County of Orange and State of California, on the 29th day of December, 2025.

CAPITAL GROUP U.S. EQUITY FUND

By: /s/ Donald H. Rolfe

(Donald H. Rolfe, Principal Executive Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this amendment to Registration Statement has been signed below on December 29, 2025, by the following persons in the capacities indicated.

      Signature                                Title 
      
(1)   Principal Executive Officer: 
                                               
     /s/ Donald H. Rolfe(Donald H. Rolfe)     Principal Executive Officer
     

(2)   Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer: 
                                               
     /s/ Gregory F. Niland(Gregory F. Niland) Treasurer
     

(3)   Trustees: 
                                               
      John G. Freund*                          Trustee 
      Pablo R. González Guajardo*              Trustee 
      Merit E. Janow*                          Trustee 
      William D. Jones*                        Trustee 
      William L. Robbins*                      Trustee 
      Kenneth M. Simril*                       Trustee 
      Kathy J. Williams*                       Trustee 
                                               
      *By: /s/ Jennifer L. Butler              
      (Jennifer L. Butler, pursuant to a power of attorney filed herewith) 


Counsel represents that this amendment does not contain disclosures that would make the amendment ineligible for effectiveness under the provisions of Rule 485(b).

/s/ Clara Kang

(Clara Kang, Counsel)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, John G. Freund, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Funds Global Insight Fund (File No. 333-233375, File No. 811-23468) - American Funds Fundamental Investors (File No. 002-10760, File No. 811-00032) - American Funds International Vantage Fund (Fund No. 333-233374, File No. 811-23467) - American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund (File No. 333-280621, File No. 811-23979) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Capital Income Builder (File No. 033-12967, File No. 811-05085) - Capital World Growth and Income Fund (File No. 033-54444, File No. 811-07338) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - The Growth Fund of America (File No. 002-14728, File No. 811-00862) - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116) - The New Economy Fund (File No. 002-83848, File No. 811-03735) - SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc. (File No. 033-32785, File No. 811-05888) - SMALLCAP World Fund

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at Atherton, CA, on May 6, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ John G. Freund

John G. Freund, Board member

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, Pablo R. González Guajardo, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund (File No. 333-280621, File No. 811-23979) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - Capital Group Conservative Equity ETF (File No. 333-276928, File No. 811-23933) - Capital Group Core Balanced ETF (File No. 333-271211, File No. 811-23867) - Capital Group Core Equity ETF (File No. 333-259021, File No. 811-23735) - Capital Group Dividend Growers ETF (File No. 333-271210, File No. 811-23866) - Capital Group Dividend Value ETF (File No. 333-259023, File No. 811-23736) - Capital Group Equity ETF Trust I (File No.333-281924, File No. 811-24000) - Capital Group Fixed Income ETF Trust (File No. 333-259025, File No. 811-23738) - Capital Group Global Equity ETF (File No. 333-276927, File No. 811-23934) - Capital Group Global Growth Equity ETF (File No. 333-259024, File No. 811-23737) - Capital Group Growth ETF (File No. 333-259020, File No. 811-23733) - Capital Group International Core Equity ETF (File No. 333-276930, File No. 811-23935) - Capital Group International Equity ETF (File No. 333-271212, File No. 811-23865) - Capital Group International Focus Equity ETF (File No. 333-259022, File No. 811-23734) - Capital Group KKR Core Plus+ (File No. 333-282864, File No. 811-24016) - Capital Group KKR Multi-Sector+ (File No. 333-282865, File No. 811-24017) - Capital Group New Geography Equity ETF (File No. 333-276931, File No. 811-23936) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - EUPAC Fund (File No. 002-83847, File No. 811-03734) - EUPAC Fund - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116) - New Perspective Fund (File No. 002-47749, File No. 811-02333) - New World Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-67455, File No. 811-09105) - American Funds New World Fund

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A or Form N-2, as applicable, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or Form N-2 or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at Mexico City, on May 6, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ Pablo R. González Guajardo

Pablo R. González Guajardo, Board member

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, Merit E. Janow, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Funds College Target Date Series (File No. 333-180729, File No. 811-22692) - American Funds Core Plus Bond Fund (File No. 333-286599, File No. 811-24077) - American Funds Corporate Bond Fund (File No. 333-183929, File No. 811-22744) - American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund (File No. 333-208636; File No. 811-23122) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Funds Global Insight Fund (File No. 333-233375, File No. 811-23468) - The American Funds Income Series - U.S. Government Securities Fund (File No. 002-98199, File No. 811-04318) - American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund (File No. 333-183931, File No. 811-22746) - American Funds Insurance Series (File No. 002-86838, File No. 811-03857) - American Funds Insurance Series - American Funds International Vantage Fund (Fund No. 333-233374, File No. 811-23467) - American Funds Mortgage Fund (File No. 333-168595, File No. 811-22449) - American Funds Multi-Sector Income Fund (File No. 333-228995, File No. 811-23409) - American Funds Portfolio Series (File No. 333-178936, File No. 811-22656) - American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series (File No. 333-203797, File No. 811-23053) - American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund (File No. 033-26431, File No. 811-05750) - American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (File No. 333-207474, File No. 811-23101) - American Funds Target Date Retirement Series (File No. 333-138648, File No. 811-21981) - American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York (File No. 333-168594, File No. 811-22448) - The American Funds Tax-Exempt Series II - The Tax-Exempt Fund of California (File No. 033-06180, File No. 811-04694) - American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund (File No. 333-157162, File No. 811-22277) - American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund (File No. 333-280621, File No. 811-23979) - American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund (File No. 033-80630, File No. 811-08576) - American High-Income Trust (File No. 033-17917, File No. 811-05364) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - The Bond Fund of America (File No. 002-50700, File No. 811-02444) - Capital Group Central Fund Series - Capital Group Central Cash Fund (File No. 811-23391) - Capital Group Central Fund Series II (File No. 811-23633) - Capital Group Completion Fund Series (File No. 333-278929, File No. 811-23959) - Capital Group Private Client Services Funds (File No. 333-163115, File No. 811-22349) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Capital Income Builder (File No. 033-12967, File No. 811-05085) - Capital World Bond Fund (File No. 033-12447, File No. 811-05104) - Capital World Growth and Income Fund (File No. 033-54444, File No. 811-07338) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - Intermediate Bond Fund of America (File No. 033-19514, File No. 811-05446) - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116) - Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America (File No. 033-66214, File No. 811-07888) - The New Economy Fund (File No. 002-83848, File No. 811-03735) - Short-Term Bond Fund of America (File No. 333-135770, File No. 811-21928) - The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America (File No. 002-49291, File No. 811-02421)

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at New York, ny , on June 12, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ Merit E. Janow

Merit E. Janow, Board member

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, William D. Jones, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Balanced Fund (File No. 002-10758, File No. 811-00066) - American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund (File No. 333-190913, File No. 811-22881) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund (File No. 333-280621, File No. 811-23979) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - Capital Group Conservative Equity ETF (File No. 333-276928, File No. 811-23933) - Capital Group Core Balanced ETF (File No. 333-271211, File No. 811-23867) - Capital Group Core Equity ETF (File No. 333-259021, File No. 811-23735) - Capital Group Dividend Growers ETF (File No. 333-271210, File No. 811-23866) - Capital Group Dividend Value ETF (File No. 333-259023, File No. 811-23736) - Capital Group Equity ETF Trust I (File No.333-281924, File No. 811-24000) - Capital Group Fixed Income ETF Trust (File No. 333-259025, File No. 811-23738) - Capital Group Global Equity ETF (File No. 333-276927, File No. 811-23934) - Capital Group Global Growth Equity ETF (File No. 333-259024, File No. 811-23737) - Capital Group Growth ETF (File No. 333-259020, File No. 811-23733) - Capital Group International Core Equity ETF (File No. 333-276930, File No. 811-23935) - Capital Group International Equity ETF (File No. 333-271212, File No. 811-23865) - Capital Group International Focus Equity ETF (File No. 333-259022, File No. 811-23734) - Capital Group KKR Core Plus+ (File No. 333-282864, File No. 811-24016) - Capital Group KKR Multi-Sector+ (File No. 333-282865, File No. 811-24017) - Capital Group New Geography Equity ETF (File No. 333-276931, File No. 811-23936) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - The Income Fund of America (File No. 002-33371, File No. 811-01880) - International Growth and Income Fund (File No. 333-152323, File No. 811-22215) - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116)

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A or Form N-2, as applicable, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or Form N-2 or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at San Diego, CA,on May 6, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ William D. Jones

William D. Jones, Board member

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, William L. Robbins, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - Capital Group Conservative Equity ETF (File No. 333-276928, File No. 811-23933) - Capital Group Core Balanced ETF (File No. 333-271211, File No. 811-23867) - Capital Group Core Equity ETF (File No. 333-259021, File No. 811-23735) - Capital Group Dividend Growers ETF (File No. 333-271210, File No. 811-23866) - Capital Group Dividend Value ETF (File No. 333-259023, File No. 811-23736) - Capital Group Equity ETF Trust I (File No.333-281924, File No. 811-24000) - Capital Group Fixed Income ETF Trust (File No. 333-259025, File No. 811-23738) - Capital Group Global Equity ETF (File No. 333-276927, File No. 811-23934) - Capital Group Global Growth Equity ETF (File No. 333-259024, File No. 811-23737) - Capital Group Growth ETF (File No. 333-259020, File No. 811-23733) - Capital Group International Core Equity ETF (File No. 333-276930, File No. 811-23935) - Capital Group International Equity ETF (File No. 333-271212, File No. 811-23865) - Capital Group International Focus Equity ETF (File No. 333-259022, File No. 811-23734) - Capital Group New Geography Equity ETF (File No. 333-276931, File No. 811-23936) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116)

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at San Francisco, CA, on May 6, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ William L. Robbins

William L. Robbins, Board member

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, Kenneth M. Simril, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Funds Fundamental Investors (File No. 002-10760, File No. 811-00032) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund (File No. 333-280621, File No. 811-23979) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - The Growth Fund of America (File No. 002-14728, File No. 811-00862) - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116) - SMALLCAP World Fund, Inc. (File No. 033-32785, File No. 811-05888) - SMALLCAP World Fund

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at Studio City, California,on May 6, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ Kenneth M. Simril

Kenneth M. Simril, Board member

POWER OF ATTORNEY

I, Kathy J. Williams, the undersigned Board member of the following registered investment companies (collectively, the "Funds"):

- AMCAP Fund (File No. 002-26516, File No. 811-01435) - American Funds Global Balanced Fund (File No. 333-170605, File No. 811-22496) - American Funds Global Insight Fund (File No. 333-233375, File No. 811-23468) - American Funds International Vantage Fund (Fund No. 333-233374, File No. 811-23467) - American Funds U.S. Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund (File No. 333-280621, File No. 811-23979) - American Mutual Fund (File No. 002-10607, File No. 811-00572) - Capital Group U.S. Equity Fund (File No. 333-233376, File No. 811-23469) - Capital Income Builder (File No. 033-12967, File No. 811-05085) - Capital World Growth and Income Fund (File No. 033-54444, File No. 811-07338) - Emerging Markets Equities Fund, Inc. (File No. 333-74995, File No. 811-04692) - The Investment Company of America (File No. 002-10811, File No. 811-00116) - The New Economy Fund (File No. 002-83848, File No. 811-03735)

hereby revoke all previous powers of attorney I have signed and otherwise act in my name and behalf in matters involving the Funds and do hereby constitute and appoint

Randall F. Buonviri

Jennifer L. Butler

Patrick C. Castellani

Jane Y. Chung

Sandra Chuon

Mariah L. Coria

Susan K. Countess

Brian C. Janssen

Julie E. Lawton

Hong T. Le

Melissa B. Leyva

Timothy W. McHale

Gregory F. Niland

Marilyn Paramo

Becky L. Park

W. Michael Pattie

Michael W. Stockton

Courtney R. Taylor

Michael R. Tom

each of them singularly, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution, and with full power to each of them, to sign for me and in my name in the appropriate capacities, all Registration Statements of the Funds on Form N-1A, any and all subsequent Amendments, or Post-Effective Amendments to said Registration Statement on Form N-1A or any successor thereto, and any supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, and generally to do all such things in my name and behalf in connection therewith as said attorneys-in-fact deem necessary or appropriate, to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and all related requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

EXECUTED at San Rafael, California, on May 6, 2025.

(City, State)

/s/ Kathy J. Williams

Kathy J. Williams, Board member

Disclaimer

Capital Group US Equity Fund published this content on December 31, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 31, 2025 at 15:20 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020251231elcv00go2




CE Noticias Financieras English
Mexico prepares chips to renegotiate the T-MEC in 2026 amidst pressure and tariffs

746 words
31 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

MEXICO CITY(Proceso) - In 2026 the most important and decisive issue in economic matters for Mexico will be the revision of the T-MEC, a process that is anticipated as a renegotiation and there is even the possibility that the treaty will be diluted or give way to independent trade agreements between the United States and each of its partners, Mexico and Canada, agree business organizations, analysis houses and specialists in a diagnosis of what lies ahead.

For international trade analyst, Jorge Molina, the starting point is what happened throughout 2025, a year in which Mexico was pressured from different fronts.

2025 saw tariffs imposed despite contravening the T-MEC itself, the health crisis triggered by the screwworm, criticism of the energy reform, pressure on agribusiness, especially on tomatoes, and even the accusations of drug money laundering directed at Mexican banks.

This set of tensions, he argues, works as a prelude to the end of the treaty "as we know it today".

"The information I have is that there will be certain issues at the trilateral level, such as trade rules, technical barriers, sanitary and phytosanitary measures, China policy, etc.," he tells Proceso.

The rest of the issues, he adds, would be negotiated under bilateral schemes, reflecting the structural differences that separate Mexico and Canada from the United States.

For the International Chamber of Commerce Mexico (ICC Mexico), the risk of the treaty coming to an end cannot be ruled out. The organization stresses that the Mexican government has in its hands the future of the national economy, the stability of regional trade and millions of jobs in North America.

The ICC also insists that in this renegotiation there is a risk of a modification to the sunset clause.

"This would mean that the agreement could be automatically terminated without transition periods, generating an immeasurable impact on supply chains, investments and jobs in the three countries. Modifying this clause could unleash an environment of uncertainty incompatible with the dynamics of an integrated economy valued at almost 2 trillion dollars annually," states the organization in its analysis of the agreement.

The T-MEC represents around 30% of the world's GDP, 1.93 trillion dollars in regional trade, a 37% growth in North American trade compared to 2020, and a 23% increase in regional foreign direct investment compared to the previous year.

In this scenario, 2026 will be the year in which Mexico's place in the North American economic architecture will be tested.

Mexico has been preparing the ground

For the Employers' Confederation of the Mexican Republic (Coparmex), the Mexican government has been moving pieces to arrive at the renegotiation table with chips on the table.

The signal, he points out, is that the Mexican Legislative approved for 2026 an increase in tariffs of up to 50% on thousands of Asian products, with emphasis on China; the country that Donald Trump wants to keep away from Mexico.

However, the president of Coparmex, Juan José Sierra Álvarez, states that together with these actions, Mexico also has pending issues and even points that go against the T-MEC, such as the reform of the Judiciary and the elimination of autonomous bodies.

"The 4T has taken a turn to try to make the market depend on government decisions, which goes against the free market spirit of the treaty. As the situation stands, several important adjustments will need to be made to the dispute resolution mechanism and decisions will need to be made to compensate for the disappearance of the regulatory agencies that the previous government decided," Jorge Molina also argues.

Along the same lines, Mario Valencia, partner at Galicia Abogados, said that the review of the T-MEC will be a technical process, aimed at verifying compliance with environmental, energy and labor commitments, areas where Mexico faces constant observations.

Negotiation that will not be easy

During the meeting "Mexico on the T-MEC review route and the impact of tariffs", Kenneth Smith Ramos, president of the U.S.-Mexico Bilateral Committee of the Mexican Business Council for Foreign Trade, Investment and Technology (COMCE), said that the renegotiation will not be simple.

Even so, he stressed that Mexico must maintain a firm stance in the face of tariff pressures, remembering that the country is the main destination for US exports.

"Technical clarity and responsiveness will be critical in the review," he said.

Document NFINCE0020251231elcv005s2




Mexico’s year in review: The 10 biggest business and economics stories of 2025

2,849 words
31 December 2025
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2025 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

It was a year of mixed fortunes for the Mexican economy. Economic growth significantly slowed, but foreign direct investment hit a record high. Incoming remittances declined for the first time in over a decade, but export revenue continued to grow.

Meanwhile, the Mexican peso appreciated significantly, a development that has both upsides and downsides for Mexico.

On the business front, three Mexican financial institutions shut down after the U.S. government accused them of laundering money for cartels, while the state of Querétaro solidified its position as Mexico’s data center hub.

As 2025 draws to a close, here’s a look back at 10 of the biggest business and economics stories in Mexico this year. Many of the developments, events and issues outlined below had a significant impact on the economic situation in Mexico this year and, in some cases, will help shape the future the country will face in the years to come.

The Mexican peso gains strength

According to the Bank of Mexico, the USD:MXN exchange rate at the close of trading on Dec. 31, 2024, was 20.88

On Dec. 30, 2025, the USD:MXN closing rate was 17.99. Thus, the peso appreciated just over 16% against the greenback in the first 11 months and 30 days of 2025.

The USD:MXN exchange rate briefly went above 21 in April, the peso becoming collateral damage in an escalating trade war between the United States and China.

But all in all, the peso had a very positive year in 2025, performing far better than many people expected.

The currency’s appreciation was due to a range of factors, including the weakness of the US dollar, the Bank of Mexico’s still-high benchmark interest rate (even though it declined by 300 basis points in 2025) and strong foreign investment inflows.

Why does it matter?

A strong peso has a range of impacts on individuals, companies and government. Let’s take a look at a few examples.

Mexican families that depend on remittances from the United States receive less money in pesos when Mexico’s currency is stronger, reducing their purchasing power.

Similarly, Mexico-based U.S. citizens who rely on income and/or savings in the U.S. to fund their living expenses get less bang for their buck when the peso is stronger, effectively making Mexico a more expensive place for them to live.

In theory, a strong peso should make many imported consumer items — especially those from the U.S. — more affordable for Mexicans, although that depends on importers and retailers passing on the lower costs.

For foreign companies operating in Mexico, a strong peso will increase their in-country costs, including labor costs, when converted to dollars. A strong peso can be a deterrent to foreign investment as it increases the overall costs of doing business in the country.

For the Mexican government, a strong peso increases the capacity to service dollar-denominated debt. According to President Claudia Sheinbaum, the strong peso is a sign that the Mexican economy is doing well, even though growth slowed significantly in 2025.

The government launches Plan México

The unveiling of the Plan México economic initiative in January was a major milestone in the first year of Sheinbaum’s presidency.

Among the goals of the ambitious industrial policy are to make Mexico the 10th largest economy in the world by 2030, reduce reliance on imports from China and other Asian countries, increase domestic production of a range of goods, attract higher levels of private investment and create 1.5 million new jobs.

The plan was strengthened in April with the announcement of 18 related “programs and actions,” including commitments to accelerate the construction of public infrastructure projects and homes, and to increase domestic production of a range of goods including vehicles, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and petrochemicals.

Why does it matter?

Plan México is all about setting Mexico up for the future.

If Mexican industry weren’t protected, even by imposing higher tariffs on imports from China (see below), a huge number of Mexican  jobs could (or would) be lost and more “Hecho in México” products would disappear from shelves.

If the Mexican government were not proactive in seeking  foreign  investment, GDP growth rates in the coming years would likely suffer.

FDI hits a new high

In the first nine months of the year, Mexico received a record high US $40.9 billion in  foreign direct investment (FDI), an increase of 14.5% compared to the same period of 2024.

The amount exceeds total FDI in the entirety of 2024, which was around $37 billion.

A major positive in the FDI data for the first nine months of 2025 is that the new investment component — as opposed to the reinvestment of profits by companies with an existing presence in Mexico — more than tripled compared to the same period of 2024.

New investment accounted for 16% of total FDI between January and September, up from just 6% in the same period of 2024.

Why does it matter?

A record-high FDI total shows that Mexico is benefiting from the nearshoring trend, despite claims that it had missed the boat. The increase in new investment is particularly encouraging in this respect.

The increase in FDI is also positive because it demonstrates that foreign companies are willing to invest in Mexico at a time when the country’s preferential trading conditions with the United States via the USMCA free trade pact are diminished as a result of Donald Trump’s imposition of tariffs on a range of Mexican products.

The conclusion of the 2026 review of the USMCA will provide greater certainty for investors, and should therefore spur an additional influx of FDI, provided that Mexico can meet foreign companies’ needs, including a reliable electricity supply (bonus points if it is from a renewable source ), robust logistics infrastructure, a stable rule of law and security.

The increase in FDI in 2025 allows the federal government to say that Mexico is doing a pretty good job in meeting investors’ needs and that Plan México is already bearing fruit.

US accuses Mexican banks of laundering money for cartels

The news came as a bombshell in late June : The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury accused the Mexican banks CIBanco and Intercam, and the Mexican brokerage firm Vector, of laundering millions of dollars for drug cartels involved in the trafficking of fentanyl and other narcotics to the U.S.

The Mexican government repeatedly pointed out that FinCEN didn’t provide any hard evidence to support its allegations, but the accusations nevertheless turned out to be a fatal blow for the three financial organizations.

CIBanco, Intercam and Vector all ceased to operate in Mexico, not before causing their customers a significant amount of grief.

3 Mexican financial institutions cease operations after US money laundering claims

Why does it matter?

This whole episode is a testament to the long — and muscular — arm of Uncle Sam, and his willingness to use it against those he sees, or believes, are doing harm to U.S. citizens.

In this case, the target was financial institutions accused of being part of a malicious network that poisons Americans with illicit fentanyl.

Ultimately, the U.S. government was effectively able to kill off CIBanco, Intercam and Vector with accusations that weren’t supported by any hard, publicly accessible, evidence.

This is clearly concerning, not least for other Mexican banks.

Querétaro’s data center boom continues

The Bajío region state of Querétaro has, in a relatively short period of time, become Mexico’s data center hub. It is an attractive destination for data center investment for a range of reasons, among which are its central location in Mexico, its proximity to Mexico City and its infrastructure, including high-speed data cables.

After various developments in this space in 2024, including the opening of a Microsoft  data center region, the momentum continued in 2025, with President Claudia Sheinbaum confirming a $5 billion “digital region”  investment by Amazon Web services, the company ODATA beginning operations at a $3 billion  data center campus, and the U.S. tech firm CloudHQ announcing that it will build six data centers and complementary infrastructure on a single site in Querétaro.

Querétaro is thus poised to receive significant investment in the coming years as it leads the country in providing the physical infrastructure for companies at the forefront of the digital revolution, an ongoing transformation that now has the development of artificial intelligence at its center.

Why does it matter?

The data center investment in Querétaro will help Mexico play a pivotal role in the digital revolution in the second quarter of the 21st century.

The investment will create jobs, spur the economy, contribute to even greater economic integration between Mexico and the United States and strengthen the country’s competitiveness in technologies such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence.

The onus is on federal, state and municipal authorities to manage the data center boom in Querétaro effectively and ensure that it doesn’t create major problems, including environmental and water supply ones.

New tariffs target China

In September, President Sheinbaum sent an initiative to Congress that aimed to impose new tariffs on imports from countries with which Mexico doesn’t have a free trade agreement.

The main target of the proposed new tariffs was — and is — clear: China, even though Sheinbaum herself asserts that the duties are not specifically directed at the East Asian economic powerhouse.

The tariffs were approved by Congress this month, albeit after many of the duties proposed by the president were lowered by lawmakers.

Still, Mexico’s protectionism against the world’s second-largest economy and various other countries, including South Korea, India and Thailand will increase to an unprecedented level in January.

China, for one, is not happy, urging Mexico to “correct its wrong practices of unilateralism and protectionism” as soon as possible.

Why does it matter?

Mexico’s willingness to impose additional tariffs on Chinese goods is seen in a positive light by the United States and could thus help it in next year’s USMCA review.

Higher tariffs against cheap Chinese imports will also help to protect Mexican industry, while the Mexican government is projected to collect tens of billions of pesos in additional revenue on an annual basis. It remains to be seen whether the impact on inflation will be more than the projected 0.2 percentage points.

The plan to increase the tariff on cars imported from China to 50% from 20% could lead to a reduction in the sale of such vehicles in Mexico, where BYDs, MGs and Chireys are commonly seen on the streets.

However, Chinese manufacturers are known for their ability to reduce their costs and the purchase price of their products in order to offset the impact of tariffs. Thus, it remains uncertain whether strong sales of Chinese cars in Mexico will come to an end .

Central bank continues to cut interest rates

The Bank of Mexico (Banxico) lowered its benchmark interest rate after every one of its board’s eight monetary police meetings in 2025.

Banxico’s key rate thus declined from 10% at the start of the year to 7% after the Dec. 18 monetary policy meeting.

More cuts could come in the first half of 2026, provided inflation trends down, as the central bank forecasts it will.

Why does it matter?

Lower interest rates should help to spur the Mexican economy in 2026 by increasing domestic demand from consumers.

The reduction in interest rates and consequent cheaper access to credit could also help some businesses to invest in themselves and expand, both in a physical sense and in terms of their workforces.

Lower interest rates could also contribute to a weaker Mexican peso in 2026, although the currency appreciated significantly this year despite the 300-basis-point reduction in Banxico’s benchmark rate.

Mexico became the biggest buyer of US goods, as exports continue to grow

As we reported last month, in 2025 Mexico was the largest buyer of U.S. goods in the first eight months of the year, outpacing Canada. It remained in that position at the end of September, according to U.S. data published on Dec. 11.

Mexico’s ascension to the No. 1 position among purchasers of U.S. goods is a significant milestone in the bilateral trade relationship.

Mexico is also the largest exporter of goods to the United States, having dethroned China in 2023.

Mexico’s outlay on imports from the U.S. in the first nine months of 2025 was $253.6 billion, just ahead of Canada’s expenditure of $253.47 billion.

Why does it matter?

Mexico’s rise to the position of the world’s top buyer of U.S. exports further underscores the trade dependency of the two North American neighbors.

Mexico’s expenditure on U.S. goods in the first nine months of the year increased, albeit only slightly, whereas Canada’s outlay on imports from its southern neighbor declined amid a “Buy Canadian” movement that emerged in response to tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump on a range of Canadian products.

That Mexico can show the United States that it is spending more on U.S. goods should help it in negotiations with the U.S. during the USMCA review.

While the United States could push Mexico to buy even more U.S. goods as it seeks to reduce the trade deficit it has with its southern neighbor — a priority of Trump — the fact that Mexico’s outlay is increasing should be seen in a positive light by U.S. trade negotiators.

The economy slows

Mexico’s economy grew just 0.4% annually in the first nine months of 2025, a significant slowdown compared to the 1.2%  expansion in 2024.

A 1.5% contraction of the secondary sector — which includes manufacturing, construction, mining and electricity generation — was the cause of Mexico’s slowdown this year.

The primary sector (+2.9%) and the tertiary sector (+1.2%) both grew in the first nine months of the year.

In the third quarter of the year, the Mexican economy contracted 0.3% compared to the previous three-month period.

BBVA Research said in a note that “the decrease in GDP during the third quarter of the year occurs in a context of prolonged uncertainty regarding U.S. trade policy, slower growth in real wages, and a deterioration in consumer confidence.”

Why does it matter?

This year’s economic slowdown primarily matters because of the negative effect on the lives of ordinary Mexicans.

While unemployment remains low, at 2.6% in October, the rate has risen from the all-time low of 2.2% in March.

That is one sign that the low growth rate is having an impact on the economy of Mexico and its people.

Another is that the percentage of total workers who are employed in the informal economy has increased, reaching a three-year high of 55.4% in the third quarter.

In addition, consumer confidence fell every month between September and November, according to the national statistics agency INEGI.

The economic slowdown is also concerning, considering that foreign direct investment in Mexico reached a record high in the first nine months of the year. FDI can be a key driver of economic expansion, but in 2025, it wasn’t able to spur anything beyond a lackluster rate of growth.

Let’s hope that the projections for higher growth in 2026 are at least met, if not exceeded.

Remittances decline

The inflow of remittances to Mexico declined 5.1% annually in the first 10 months of 2025, making it inevitable that the accumulated value of the international transfers will fall this year for the first time in more than a decade.

Between January and October, Mexico received just over $51.3 billion in remittances, down from $54.08 billion in the same period of 2024.

Analysts have partially attributed the decline in remittances to Mexico this year to fear of going out to work among U.S.-based Mexicans, of whom 4.3 million are “unauthorized” immigrants, according to the bank BBVA.

Why does it matter?

An increase in the value of the peso and the decline in the transfer of remittances to Mexico was a double whammy for the millions of Mexican families that depend on the international transfers to make ends meet.

In 2025, many of those families would have received significantly less in pesos from their loved ones abroad, leaving them with less money to spend at a time when inflation remains a concern, if not the runaway scourge it was earlier in the decade.

The reduction in remittances — which contributed to 3.6% of Mexico’s GDP in 2024 — is also a factor, albeit not a major one, in the economic slowdown this year.

By Mexico News Daily chief staff writer Peter Davies (peter.davies@mexiconewsdaily.com)

Document MXNDEN0020251231elcv0002u




CENAFTAES
VIOLENCIA y los CÁRTELES CRIMINALES en MÉXICO FRENAN la ECONOMÍA NACIONAL

Editor_Pxp 
1,886 words
30 December 2025
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTES
Spanish
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

El impacto económico de la violencia y la delincuencia organizada en México representa 3.4 por ciento del producto interno bruto (PIB), casi 80 por ciento del presupuesto en educación del país, lo cual se agrava en Colima, Guerrero y Morelos, donde el daño supera 30 por ciento del PIB estatal, señaló Jorge Basave, académico y ex director del Instituto de Investigaciones Económicas de la UNAM.

Durante el 31 Seminario de Economía Mexicana: Consecuencias Económicas del Crimen y la Violencia en México, dijo que las empresas destinan al año entre 2 y 10 por ciento de su presupuesto a seguridad, lo cual revela que “el crimen está extendido a lo largo de todo el territorio nacional”.

Lamentó que en la actualidad y desde hace una década la delincuencia organizada es la causa principal de los niveles extremos de agresiones: “lo que más nos afecta y nos duele en el tema del crimen y la violencia son las víctimas, los asesinados, la impunidad y cómo muchos jóvenes arruinan sus vidas”.

Al exponer que se cuenta con estudios de las consecuencias sociales del crimen organizado y la violencia en el país, consideró que faltan estudios donde se hable del impacto negativo en términos económicos, porque se pierde inversión extranjera y productividad en todos los sectores.

Cristina Ibarra, presidenta de la Federación de Colegios de Economistas de la República y miembro del Sistema Nacional de Investigadores, indicó que sin duda la afectación económica que deja el crimen organizado es mayor, ya que existen elementos que todavía no se analizan, pero que entorpecen la productividad, como el efecto de los desaparecidos y desplazados.

“Si desaparece un hijo, un padre o un hermano, la dinámica familiar cambia; si esta persona aportaba al hogar, disminuye el ingreso de la familia, y si la mamá se dedica a buscar al familiar, esas personas ya no trabajan, y entonces la dinámica se trastoca; aunque traten de seguir su vida normal, el fantasma de que no aparece su familiar perjudica su productividad”, aseveró.

Inseguridad le cuesta a México 269.6 mmdp

En 2024 ocurrieron en México 33.5 millones de delitos, cuyo costo para el país fue de 269.6 mil millones de pesos, equivalente a 1.07% del PIB, informó el Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (INEGI).

Al dar a conocer la más reciente edición de la Encuesta Nacional de Victimización y Percepción sobre Seguridad Pública (ENVIPE), destacó que el promedio del costo por persona víctima del delito fue de seis mil 226 pesos.

Explicó que 62% del costo total del delito (91.8 mil millones de pesos) son las pérdidas por victimización y 34% (177.8 mil millones de pesos) es el gasto que familias o empresas hicieron en medidas de seguridad y protección.

Según la ENVIPE, las pérdidas económicas a consecuencia de los daños en la salud de las víctimas representaron 4% del total del costo del delito y ascendieron a 10.7 mil millones de pesos.

El estudio destaca que entre las principales medidas preventivas hechas por los hogares contra el delito está el cambio de cerraduras o candados, con 22.8%, y cambio de puertas o ventanas, con 18.8%.

Precisa que la victimización delictiva durante 2024 aumentó 3.5% frente a 2023, aunque se mantiene 18.8% por debajo del máximo histórico de 2017.

Entre 2010 y 2024, la prevalencia delictiva que genera la victimización ha pasado de 23 mil 993 a 24 mil 135 víctimas por cada 100 mil habitantes, y destaca que los delitos más frecuentes fueron fraude, robo o asalto en calle o transporte público y extorsión.

Las entidades con las tasas más altas de delitos fueron:

Ciudad de México, con 54 mil 473

Estado de México, con 48 mil 426

Querétaro, con 45 mil 107

Los estados con las tasas más bajas fueron:

Nayarit, con 21 mil 727

Baja California Sur, con 21 mil 922

Campeche, con 22 mil 71

Asimismo, según la encuesta, la cifra negra del delito en México (delitos que se cometen y no se denuncian ante la autoridad) fue de 93.2% en 2024, porcentaje ligeramente mayor al de 2023, cuando fue de 92.9%.

“El 93.2% de los 33.5 millones de delitos que ocurrieron (en 2024) no se denunció o la autoridad no inició una carpeta de investigación. Este subregistro se conoce como cifra oculta (o negra)”, dice la ENVIPE.

Además, destaca que en 79.9% de los delitos que sí fueron denunciados no pasó nada, debido a que las indagatorias no arrojaron una conclusión.

Empresas destinan hasta 10% de costos en seguridad

Más allá de los efectos sociales, la inseguridad es cada vez más un problema económico que está encareciendo la operación de las empresas, frenando la llegada de nuevas inversiones y restando competitividad a México, advirtió Fernanda Guarro, vicepresidenta de la American Chamber en México.

“Si ese gasto en seguridad se destinara a otros fines, México sería absolutamente más competitivo”, dijo la también directora general de 3M México, al recordar que 58% de las empresas destina entre 2% y 10% de sus costos totales a protegerse de la delincuencia.

De acuerdo con la AmCham, este sobrecosto se ha convertido en un impuesto invisible que encarece la producción, altera las cadenas de suministro y reduce el margen de inversión en innovación o expansión.

“La seguridad debe entenderse como una variable económica”, enfatizó Guarro, al señalar que la falta de certeza y estado de derecho está afectando las decisiones de inversión en Norteamérica.

Más de la mitad de las empresas ha sufrido algún delito

El diagnóstico es compartido por Coparmex, que agrupa a compañías de todos los tamaños. Según sus datos, alrededor del 51% de las empresas en México ha sido víctima de algún delito, desde robo y fraude hasta extorsión.

“El impacto es enorme”, explicó Ángel García-Lascurain, vicepresidente nacional de Desarrollo Económico del organismo. “La inseguridad encarece la operación y hace menos competitivas a las empresas, justo cuando México debería aprovechar el nearshoring”.

En algunos estados, la situación es aún más crítica, por ejemplo, en el Estado de México, 67% de los empresarios reportó haber sido víctima de algún delito, frente a 42% en Quintana Roo y 40% en Durango, entre finales de 2024 e inicios de este año.

“La planeación de negocios se vuelve más compleja en entornos de alta inseguridad; las empresas necesitan un nivel de riesgo administrable para invertir”, añadió.

El golpe más duro lo resienten las pymes

De acuerdo con Coparmex, seis de cada 10 empresas han tenido que aumentar su gasto en seguridad, y el 17% lo ha hecho de manera “significativa”. Las más afectadas son las pequeñas y medianas, que carecen del margen financiero para absorber ese costo.

“Las pymes son las más vulnerables; su rentabilidad se reduce directamente”, apuntó García-Lascurain. Este fenómeno, agregó, explica por qué la inversión extranjera directa reciente se concentra en la reinversión de utilidades de empresas ya establecidas, no en nuevos proyectos.

Los robos en carretera cuestan más del 1% del PIB

En el sector logístico, el impacto económico de la inseguridad es tangible. Santiago Saviñón, Chief Growth Officer de 99 Minutos, explicó que los robos en carretera representan afectación directa e indirecta equivalente a más del 1% del PIB nacional.

“La inseguridad en carretera empeoró alrededor de 8% este año, y aunque no podemos eliminar el riesgo, sí lo reducimos con tecnología y coordinación con las autoridades”, señaló.

Freight99, la nueva división de transporte de carga pesada de la empresa, opera rutas desde puertos como Manzanillo y Laredo y ha desarrollado software para rastrear las unidades en tiempo real, validar transportistas y prevenir filtraciones de información.

“Lo que ofrecemos es certidumbre operativa en un entorno donde los riesgos logísticos se han vuelto estructurales”, comentó Saviñón.

El impacto de la violencia sobre la economía también tiene evidencia empírica. Un estudio del EGADE Business School mostró que un aumento de 1% en la tasa de homicidios reduce los flujos de inversión extranjera directa en 0.28%, mientras que un alza de 1% en los robos los disminuye en 0.33%.

Es decir, cada repunte de violencia tiene efectos concretos en la llegada de capitales al país.

Un estudio más reciente del Instituto para la Economía y la Paz (IEP) reveló que el impacto económico de la violencia en México aumentó en 2024 por primera vez desde 2019, al alcanzar un estimado de 245,000 millones de dólares, equivalente a 18% del PIB nacional.

Pero además del problema de la seguridad, García-Lascurain señaló que el incremento de la Inversión Extranjera Directa sigue obedeciendo a reinversiones de empresas que ya están asentadas en el país, y que hacen falta nuevas inversiones, empresas nuevas que apuesten a México.

Y para ello se requiere certidumbre en materia energética, jurídica e infraestructura moderna. “Si queremos ser competitivos, debe haber seguridad, certeza jurídica, energía suficiente, infraestructura moderna y mano de obra calificada”, resumió García-Lascurain.

Un México menos pacífico que en 2015

El reporte señala que, a pesar de esta leve mejora, México es significativamente menos pacífico que en 2015, con un deterioro acumulado en sus indicadores criminales del 13.4% en los últimos diez años.

En este sentido, los homicidios son un 54.7% más frecuentes que hace una década, y los delitos con armas de fuego han crecido un 71.2%, detalló el reporte.

Además, la violencia relacionada con el crimen organizado ha crecido considerablemente, con las extorsiones aumentando un 45.5% y los delitos minoristas de drogas subiendo un 161% desde 2015 .

Permanece percepción de inseguridad

Según el informe, el 73.6% de la población considera que vive en un estado inseguro, una percepción que, aunque ha mejorado desde su punto más alto en 2018, sigue siendo un desafío significativo.

“Es interesante que, en el caso de México, es un país donde no corresponde el nivel de miedo con el nivel de experiencias de inseguridad”, comentó Juárez Cruz, al estimar que esto podría significar “una posible normalización” de la violencia.

El estudio también advierte que los gastos en seguridad y contención de violencia en el país son aún insuficientes, ya que representaron solo el 0.7% del PIB nacional en 2024, menos de la mitad del promedio en América Latina y los países de la Organización para la Cooperación y el Desarrollo Económicos (OCDE).

Lo anterior, combinado con altos niveles de corrupción e impunidad, limita significativamente los esfuerzos para reducir la violencia a largo plazo.

Futuro «prometedor»

Para mejorar la paz de manera sostenible, el informe recomienda fortalecer las instituciones de justicia, combatir la corrupción y expandir las oportunidades económicas para los jóvenes, factores críticos para construir una paz positiva en el país.

En este tenor, Juárez Cruz dijo que la política de seguridad del sexenio de Andrés Manuel López Obrador (2018-2024) no fue muy clara, pero calificó de “prometedor” el esquema planteado por Claudia Sheinbaum, quien suma poco más de nueve meses como presidenta de México.

“Es muy pronto, apenas van unos meses de la nueva administración, es muy pronto para poderlo calificar, pero parece prometedor y parece observarse un cambio de la estrategia, vemos más decomisos, vemos arrestos constantes y vemos un planteamiento, mucho más claro de lo que pudiera ser una estrategia de seguridad pública a nivel nacional”.

Document NAFTES0020251230elcu000e8




CENAFTAENG
VIOLENCE and CRIMINAL CARTELS in MEXICO HURDLE NATIONAL ECONOMY

Editor_Pxp 
1,779 words
30 December 2025
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

The economic impact of violence and organized crime in Mexico represents 3.4 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), almost 80 percent of the country's education budget, which is aggravated in Colima, Guerrero and Morelos, where the damage exceeds 30 percent of state GDP, said Jorge Basave, academic and former director of the Institute of Economic Research at UNAM.

During the 31st Seminar on Mexican Economy: Economic Consequences of Crime and Violence in Mexico, he said that companies spend between 2 and 10 percent of their annual budget on security, which reveals that "crime is widespread throughout the national territory".

He regretted that currently and since a decade ago, organized crime is the main cause of the extreme levels of aggressions: "what affects and hurts us most in the issue of crime and violence are the victims, the murdered, the impunity and how many young people ruin their lives".

While stating that there are studies on the social consequences of organized crime and violence in the country, he considered that there is a lack of studies on the negative impact in economic terms, because foreign investment and productivity are lost in all sectors.

Cristina Ibarra, president of the Federation of Colleges of Economists of the Republic and member of the National System of Researchers, indicated that the economic impact of organized crime is undoubtedly greater, since there are elements that have not yet been analyzed, but that hinder productivity, such as the effect of the disappeared and displaced.

"If a son, father or brother disappears, the family dynamic changes; if this person contributed to the household, the family's income decreases, and if the mother is dedicated to looking for the family member, these people no longer work, and then the dynamic is disrupted; although they try to continue their normal lives, the specter of their family member not appearing damages their productivity," he said.

Insecurity costs Mexico 269.6 billion pesos

In 2024, 33.5 million crimes occurred in Mexico, which cost the country 269.6 billion pesos, equivalent to 1.07% of the GDP, informed the National Institute of Statistics and Geography (INEGI).

Upon releasing the most recent edition of the National Survey of Victimization and Perception of Public Safety (ENVIPE), it highlighted that the average cost per person victim of crime was 6,226 pesos.

He explained that 62% of the total cost of crime (91.8 billion pesos) are losses due to victimization and 34% (177.8 billion pesos) is the expenditure that families or companies made in security and protection measures.

According to ENVIPE, economic losses as a result of damage to victims' health represented 4% of the total cost of crime and amounted to 10.7 billion pesos.

The study highlights that among the main preventive measures taken by households against crime is changing locks or padlocks, with 22.8%, and changing doors or windows, with 18.8%.

It specifies that crime victimization during 2024 increased 3.5% compared to 2023, although it remains 18.8% below the historical peak of 2017.

Between 2010 and 2024, the prevalence of crime victimization increased from 23,993 to 24,135 victims per 100,000 inhabitants, and highlights that the most frequent crimes were fraud, robbery or assault on the street or public transport, and extortion.

The entities with the highest crime rates were:

Mexico City, with 54 thousand 473

State of Mexico, with 48,426

Querétaro, with 45,107

The states with the lowest rates were:

Nayarit, with 21 thousand 727.

Baja California Sur, with 21,922

Campeche, with 22 thousand 71

Likewise, according to the survey, the black figure of crime in Mexico (crimes committed and not reported to the authorities) was 93.2% in 2024, a slightly higher percentage than in 2023, when it was 92.9%.

"93.2% of the 33.5 million crimes that occurred (in 2024) were not reported or the authority did not initiate an investigation file. This underreporting is known as a hidden (or black) figure," says ENVIPE.

In addition, it highlights that in 79.9% of the crimes that were reported, nothing happened, because the investigations did not lead to a conclusion.

Companies spend up to 10% of their costs on security

Beyond the social effects, insecurity is increasingly becoming an economic problem that is making the operation of companies more expensive, slowing down the arrival of new investments and reducing Mexico's competitiveness, warned Fernanda Guarro, vice-president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Mexico.

"If this expenditure on security were used for other purposes, Mexico would be absolutely more competitive," said the general director of 3M Mexico, recalling that 58% of companies spend between 2% and 10% of their total costs to protect themselves from crime.

According to AmCham, this extra cost has become an invisible tax that makes production more expensive, alters supply chains and reduces the margin for investment in innovation or expansion.

"Security must be understood as an economic variable," Guarro emphasized, noting that the lack of certainty and rule of law is affecting investment decisions in North America.

More than half of the companies have suffered some kind of crime.

This diagnosis is shared by Coparmex, which groups companies of all sizes. According to its data, around 51% of companies in Mexico have been victims of some kind of crime, from theft and fraud to extortion.

"The impact is enormous," explained Ángel García-Lascurain, the organization's national vice-president for Economic Development. "Insecurity makes it more expensive to operate and makes companies less competitive, just when Mexico should be taking advantage of nearshoring."

In some states, the situation is even more critical, for example, in the State of Mexico, 67% of businessmen reported having been victims of a crime, compared to 42% in Quintana Roo and 40% in Durango, between the end of 2024 and the beginning of this year.

"Business planning becomes more complex in environments of high insecurity; companies need a manageable level of risk to invest," he added.

The hardest hit are SMEs.

According to Coparmex, six out of 10 companies have had to increase their security spending, and 17% have done so "significantly". The most affected are small and medium-sized companies, which lack the financial margin to absorb this cost.

"SMEs are the most vulnerable; their profitability is directly reduced," said García-Lascurain. This phenomenon, he added, explains why recent foreign direct investment is concentrated in the reinvestment of profits of established companies, not in new projects.

Highway robberies cost more than 1% of GDP

In the logistics sector, the economic impact of insecurity is tangible. Santiago Saviñón, Chief Growth Officer of 99 Minutos, explained that highway robberies have a direct and indirect impact equivalent to more than 1% of the national GDP.

"Road insecurity worsened by around 8% this year, and although we cannot eliminate the risk, we can reduce it with technology and coordination with the authorities," he said.

Freight99, the company's new heavy freight division, operates routes from ports such as Manzanillo and Laredo and has developed software to track units in real time, validate carriers and prevent information leaks.

"What we offer is operational certainty in an environment where logistics risks have become structural," said Saviñón.

The impact of violence on the economy also has empirical evidence. A study by the EGADE Business School showed that a 1% increase in the homicide rate reduces foreign direct investment flows by 0.28%, while a 1% increase in robberies reduces them by 0.33%.

In other words, each spike in violence has concrete effects on the arrival of capital into the country.

A more recent study by the Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP) revealed that the economic impact of violence in Mexico increased in 2024 for the first time since 2019, reaching an estimated 245 billion dollars, equivalent to 18% of the national GDP.

But in addition to the problem of security, García-Lascurain pointed out that the increase in Foreign Direct Investment continues to be due to reinvestments by companies that are already established in the country, and that new investments are needed, new companies that bet on Mexico.

And this requires certainty in energy, legal and modern infrastructure. "If we want to be competitive, there must be security, legal certainty, sufficient energy, modern infrastructure and skilled labor," summarized García-Lascurain.

A less peaceful Mexico than in 2015

The report notes that, despite this slight improvement, Mexico is significantly less peaceful than in 2015, with a cumulative deterioration in its crime indicators of 13.4% over the last ten years.

In this regard, homicides are 54.7% more frequent than a decade ago, and gun crimes have grown by 71.2%, the report detailed.

In addition, violence related to organized crime has grown considerably, with extortions increasing by 45.5% and retail drug crimes up 161% since 2015 .

Perceptions of insecurity remain

According to the report, 73.6% of the population considers that they live in an insecure state, a perception that, while improving from its peak in 2018, remains a significant challenge.

"It is interesting that, in the case of Mexico, it is a country where the level of fear does not correspond with the level of experiences of insecurity," Juárez Cruz commented, estimating that this could mean "a possible normalization" of violence.

The study also warns that spending on security and violence containment in the country is still insufficient, as it represented only 0.7% of national GDP in 2024, less than half the average in Latin America and the countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).

This, combined with high levels of corruption and impunity, significantly limits efforts to reduce violence in the long term.

A "promising" future

To improve peace in a sustainable manner, the report recommends strengthening justice institutions, combating corruption and expanding economic opportunities for young people, critical factors for building a positive peace in the country.

In this tenor, Juárez Cruz said that the security policy of the six-year term of Andrés Manuel López Obrador (2018-2024) was not very clear, but described as "promising" the scheme proposed by Claudia Sheinbaum, who has been president of Mexico for just over nine months.

"It is very early, just a few months into the new administration, it is too early to be able to qualify it, but it seems promising and a change in strategy seems to be observed, we see more seizures, we see constant arrests and we see an approach, much clearer of what could be a public security strategy at the national level."

Document NAFTA00020251230elcu000e2




China Announces 2026 Tariff Reductions on Key Materials

Paloma Duran 
619 words
29 December 2025
Mexico Business News
MEXBUS
English
© 2025 mexicobusiness.news. A Mexico Business company. All Rights Reserved. 

China will implement a series of tariff adjustments starting next year, cutting import duties on key resource-based materials and select medical products. The move, announced by the State Council’s Customs Tariff Commission, includes reduced tariffs on recycled black mass for lithium-ion batteries, artificial blood vessels, and diagnostic kits for certain infectious diseases. In total, provisional duties on 935 products will fall below World Trade Organization most-favored-nation rates, reflecting Beijing’s broader effort to recalibrate its trade strategy.

China Expands in Latin America

Over the years, China has significantly expanded its economic footprint in Latin America through investment, trade, and infrastructure, positioning the region as a strategic alternative market amid rising tensions with the United States.

Chinese investment reached US$14.7 billion in 2024, supported by a new regional roadmap that prioritizes sectors such as AI, renewable energy, mining, and logistics under the Belt and Road Initiative. As US-China trade frictions persist, Latin America has absorbed a growing share of Chinese exports, even as analysts caution that the United States remains the region’s primary trade partner.

“Latin America exports three times more to the United States than to China. Much of that is due to Mexico, but even excluding Mexico, exports to the United States remain comparable to those sent to China,” William Jackson, Chief Economist for Emerging Markets, Capital Economics said. He stressed that China does not yet dominate the region. “For Mexico and Central America in particular, the United States remains far more important, and these countries would likely yield to American pressure to limit Chinese investments and imports.”

China–Mexico Trade Ties Under Geopolitical Strain

Against this backdrop, Mexico is moving in the opposite direction. Effective January, the country approved a sweeping overhaul of its tariff framework to restrict imports from countries without free trade agreements, including China and several Asian economies. Covering 1,463 tariff lines across 17 sectors, the reform reflects Mexico’s push to protect domestic industry while responding to growing US pressure to curb China’s commercial footprint, highlighting how geopolitical considerations are increasingly shaping trade policy in the region.

China is currently Mexico’s third-largest trading partner, accounting for just over 1.6% of Mexican exports, behind Canada at 3% and the United States at more than 79.6%. In 2024, bilateral trade reached US$139.73 billion, but the relationship remains highly imbalanced. Mexican exports to China totaled US$9.93 billion, compared with US$129.8 billion in imports, leaving a trade deficit of US$119.85 billion in China’s favor, an asymmetry that analysts view as structurally significant.

In 2024, Mexico’s exports to China were led by copper ores and concentrates worth US$2.32 billion, mainly from Sonora, Puebla, and Mexico City, while imports were dominated by telecommunications equipment, totaling US$9.44 billion and concentrated in Mexico City, Chihuahua, and Baja California. Chinese foreign direct investment in Mexico reached US$710 million, with the bulk directed to Mexico City, followed by Campeche and Coahuila.

According to PRODENSA, the Mexico–China trade relationship reflects both competition and complementarity. Mexico remains a key hub for traditional vehicle manufacturing, while China leads in electric vehicles and batteries. In electronics, Chinese components feed Mexico’s assembly operations for the North American market, and renewable energy stands out as a potential growth area. For Chinese firms, Mexico offers a strategic entry point to the USMCA market, but this opportunity is constrained by the new tariffs on Chinese goods, direct competition in sectors such as steel, and strict USMCA rules of origin that require local integration and investment.

Click to view image.

Document MEXBUS0020251229elct000xh




CENAFTAENG
HIGH TARIFFS, LACK OF  INFRASTRUCTURE  and INSECURITY drive  INVESTMENT  away from MEXICO

Editor_Pxp 
2,094 words
29 December 2025
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

U.S. tariffs, as well as the lack of infrastructure and energy, are driving away investment projects in the country from both Mexican and foreign companies, warned the executive secretary of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), José Manuel Salazar Xirinachs.

"At ECLAC we warn that nearshoring [relocation of production chains] and high-value growth are being hampered by critical bottlenecks in the country's infrastructure, mainly in electricity and water, as well as by the shortage of skilled labor."

If these structural problems are not resolved with productive development policies, Salazar Xirinachs estimated that foreign investment could stagnate or go to nations that compete with Mexico.

"The imposition of tariffs had a negative impact on investment announcements", insisted the also former Minister of Foreign Trade of Costa Rica.

From his point of view, there are factors that can modify the growth estimate and they are associated with the pace of expansion of world economic activity, especially in the United States, as well as the volume of investment and expected consumption.

"Mexico's membership in the T-MEC [Treaty between Mexico, the United States and Canada] gives it a competitive advantage over its competitors in the American Union, since its exports to that market enter free of tariffs if they comply with the T-MEC rules of origin", highlighted the also PhD in Economics from the University of Cambridge.

On the contrary, he explained that goods from the United Kingdom pay a general tariff of 10% to enter the US, and those made in the European Union, Japan and South Korea, 15%.

"This competitive advantage drives an expansion in the value of Mexico's goods exports of 5% in 2025, with an estimated 10% increase in volume to the United States," commented Salazar Xirinachs, who assumed leadership of ECLAC in October 2022.

In his opinion, the drop in sales of high value-added Mexican products to the United States is a cyclical phenomenon and not a structural trend.

"The recent drop in high-value flows is explained by the temporary contraction in demand for intermediate goods on a global scale, added to the imposition of sector-specific tariffs by the United States on certain Mexican manufacturing goods, and not to the general tariff," said the former Regional Director for Latin America and the Caribbean of the International Labor Organization.

In contrast to the drop in high value-added goods, exports of traditional products such as clothing and shoes are growing, according to information from the U.S. Department of Commerce.

In this regard, Salazar Xirinachs indicated that this is a secondary effect of trade detour, the amount of which is marginal when compared to the volume represented by high-tech exports under the T-MEC rules.

"The likelihood of this behavior being sustained in the medium term is low, as the structural forces driving the Mexican economy are anchored in high and medium-tech manufacturing," he said.

In Mexico, internal capacities must be strengthened so that they have more technology, innovation and development, but it is also necessary to address the pending issues in terms of infrastructure, water and energy, recommended the leader of the ECLAC.

He stated that private consumption in the country stagnated this year due to the increase in unemployment, lower labor income and the fall in remittances, while investment was reduced due to cuts in public spending and the weakening of capital channeled to supply chains, partly due to the imposition of tariffs.

Mexico lost export sovereignty after tariffs: LACEN

The entry into force of the General Import and Export Tax Law, which will increase tariffs on 1,463 items to Asian countries, implies that Mexico will not only start 2026 with an increase in prices, but also that it has lost its sovereignty in its export policy, according to the Laboratory of Analysis in Commerce, Economics and Business (LACEN) of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM).

According to an analysis by LACEN, published this December 26, it was detailed that although the discourse of Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo's government maintains that the measure seeks to protect the national industry, the change in the tariff policy marked the point where Mexico would be doing everything requested by the United States, with the consequent loss of its position in international trade.

If the government really sought to protect domestic production in relation to abuses by third countries with which Mexico does not have trade agreements, the entire legal framework that offers tax benefits to imports would have been modified", reads the analysis.

LACEN insisted that, by favoring the relationship with the United States, Mexico has put its national sovereignty at risk, since it has not negotiated with the US administration in office and, instead, has unilaterally given in on key trade policy decisions.

Insecurity, a point of concern

The think tank stressed that one of the fronts that Mexico should address is to improve security conditions for foreign trade.

"The prevailing situation of insecurity throughout the country has had adverse effects on the transit of goods through Mexican territory, hindering the work of the export sector," it said.

Today, some of the most important municipalities for the transit of goods and industrial activity, such as Nuevo Laredo, Leon, Veracruz, Coatzacoalcos, Ecatepec, Silao, Celaya, Reynosa, as well as Mexico City and neighboring municipalities in the State of Mexico, are among the areas with the highest perception of insecurity, according to the National Urban Security Survey of the National Institute of Statistics and Geography.

The area with the greatest insecurity for cargo transportation is concentrated in the Central Region of the country, particularly in Puebla, State of Mexico and Veracruz. In parallel, the highway stretches with the highest incidence of robberies are Mexico-Puebla-Veracruz; Mexico-Queretaro; and Cordoba-Orizaba.

These routes lead to strategic customs offices such as Ciudad Juarez, Matamoros, Piedras Negras, Ciudad Acuña and Sonoyta, which together account for 51.77% of the country's total customs clearance operations.

"This situation is extremely alarming when it is reported that 6 out of every 10 companies in the Mexico-U.S. supply chain face highway robberies. Similarly, out of every 10 dollars that enter the U.S. by road export, 3.7 dollars remain in the hands of organized crime cartels that dominate land transit," said LACEN.

In addition, 74% of manufacturing exports and 76% of agricultural exports to the United States are sent by road, and 27.73% of the GDP is generated from exports destined for that market.

Mexico increases imports from Asia

During October, Mexico increased imports from Asia by 31.8%, leaving behind regions such as North America, where trade fell by 3.65% annually, and in Europe, imports grew by just five percent.

The latest data from the Bank of Mexico (Banxico) show that from the Asian continent, goods were imported for a little over 32 billion dollars, while the country imported 23.945 billion dollars from its northern neighbors.

Ilan Epelbaum, director of the logistics consulting firm Mail Boxes, explained that the increase in Asian imports in October was due to the fact that companies decided to bring forward and increase their inventories in view of the approval process that was taking place in the Customs Law that contemplates new tariffs on imported products.

"We are already seeing early movements in the market. Many companies are bringing forward imports and accumulating inventories," said Epelbaum.

The executive also pointed out that, faced with the possibility of higher costs or more complex procedures, part of the private sector opted to secure merchandise weeks in advance.

Epelbaum indicated that when tariff adjustments are anticipated, companies tend to "rush" purchase orders, saturate shipments and secure space in transportation, which puts pressure on routes, times and customs.

"Logistics is the first thermometer: orders are moved, routes are adjusted and documentary complexity increases," he said.

Although China remains Mexico's main Asian trading partner, data show uneven behavior within the region. In October, Chinese imports registered moderate monthly growth, with a negative annual variation, which points to a relative stagnation compared to other Asian countries.

In contrast, Taiwan posted the highest annual growth, with an increase of over 300 percent, in addition to a monthly advance of close to 10 percent, suggesting a structural adjustment in supply chains, particularly in the technology and electronics sectors.

Thailand also showed a significant rebound, rising from just over US$1 billion in September to close to US$1.5 billion in October, a monthly growth of over 40 percent, while Malaysia recorded the largest absolute increase, with over US$600 million additional in a single month.

Overall, the Asian region increased its exports to Mexico by more than 4.2 billion dollars in a single month, an increase that occurred while Congress was analyzing legal modifications aimed at tightening the tariff framework.

For the logistics sector, this rebound not only reflects a commercial change, but also an immediate operational adjustment. Neppelbaum warned that logistics is the first link where the effects of commercial and regulatory decisions are manifested.

"Logistics is the first thermometer. We are seeing adjustments in routes, changes in countries of origin, greater pressure on transit times and increasing complexity in customs procedures," he explained.

The executive pointed out that small and medium-sized companies, which represent most of the logistics clientele, are the most exposed to this environment, due to their dependence on imported inputs and their lower financial capacity to absorb cost increases.

However, the differentiated behavior among Asian countries suggests that some companies are already reconfiguring suppliers, beyond China, to reduce regulatory and logistical risks.

"The scenario is forcing companies to rethink their sourcing strategy. Some are looking to diversify origins, others are looking to advance purchases, and many are reviewing whether it is convenient to continue importing or to bring suppliers closer together," Neppelbaum added.

Asian products will face up to 35% tariffs in Mexico

The country will apply new tariff rates as of January 1, 2026, to imports of clothing and footwear from Asian countries that do not have a free trade agreement.

The modification will apply to products from countries such as China, North Korea, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, Cambodia, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Vietnam, among others.

According to El Universal, more than 60% of the garments imported into Mexico in recent years come from these countries and now these products will be more expensive for Mexicans.

Footwear: From 20% to 35% depending on complexity and use

Asian footwear from countries with which Mexico does not have a free trade agreement will have a 20% tariff for basic items such as:

Plastic or rubber sandals and huaraches.

Beach flip-flops, flip-flops and slippers

Simple school shoes made of synthetic material

On the other hand, a tariff of up to 35% is established for higher value-added or specialized footwear:

Branded tennis and athletic footwear (running, gym, basketball, soccer).

Men's and women's leather dress shoes

Leather boots (fashion, work, cowboy, casual)

Women's fashion booties and footwear (heeled, long boots)

Brand name lifestyle sneakers

Industrial and construction safety boots with ferrules

Clothing: Up to 35% for more elaborate garments.

The tariff structure is scaled according to type, material and complexity of the product. For clothing, 20% will be applied to:

T-shirts, shirts (short or long sleeve) and blouses of cotton or synthetic fibers.

Lightweight blouses made of polyester or synthetic blends.

Pants (not jeans) made of cotton or cotton blends

Plain cotton or polyester pajamas

Basic sportswear: Pants, light sweatshirts without thick lining, shorts and shorts.

While more designer or formal wear garments will face rates of 30% to 35%, including:

Men's or women's jeans

Thick wool or synthetic jackets and coats

Thick, branded pants and sweatshirts, performance clothing

Tailored suits, jackets and formal ensembles

Casual, cocktail, prom, or party dresses

Underwear and sleepwear with lace, special fabrics or complex designs.

This measure comes in the context of a global reconfiguration of trade, especially after the new tariffs imposed by the United States, and in response to pressure to protect the domestic textile and footwear industry, which has lost ground to Asian competition.

However, not everyone welcomes the decision, as China has already asked Mexico to "correct the unilateral increase in tariffs as soon as possible", while critical voices, such as that of ECLAC's Executive Secretary, José Manuel Salazar, warn: "Tariffs and lack of energy drive investment away from Mexico".

Document NAFTA00020251229elct0005s




CE Noticias Financieras English
China consolidates its position in the economy of Mexico and Latin America; direct  investment  grows

1,048 words
29 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City - China has established itself as the main trading partner of many Latin American countries, such as Brazil and Argentina, and has increased its presence in the region with major projects such as the port of Chancay (Peru), an expansion that has once again led to new frictions with the United States.

This port, inaugurated last year to directly connect South America and China, joins other initiatives such as auto parts factories in Mexico and vehicle factories in Brazil; or copper or iron mines in Chile, railway projects in Argentina or lithium mining in the 'triangle' formed by these two countries and Bolivia.

According to the Asian Ministry of Commerce, the Asian country's direct investment in Latin America reached 14,710 million dollars in 2024. Data from the National Autonomous University of Mexico show that, between 2010 and 2019, this arrival of capital was almost seven times higher than in the previous decade, although since the pandemic the pace has slowed down.

Already in 2011, Jin Liqun, then president of China Investment Corp (CIC, a sovereign wealth fund with some 1.57 trillion yuan in assets and in charge of investing in foreign markets), showed his "optimism" for growth in Latin America and advanced that they would "increase" their investment in the region, pointing specifically to opportunities in countries such as Brazil, Chile or Colombia.

New roadmap

This same month, Beijing published a new official roadmap for Latin America and the Caribbean, the third of its kind since 2008 and a replacement for the 2016 plan, in which it assures that China and that region share "broad development prospects."

Specifically, Chinese authorities see opportunities to work together with Latin American countries in sectors such as Artificial Intelligence, telecommunications, renewable energy, hydrogen, mining or mineral processing.

In addition, the text also mentioned the willingness to promote projects in transportation, logistics, housing, electric energy and urban development under the umbrella of the Chinese New Silk Roads infrastructure project, which has been joined by around twenty countries in the region.

Also mentioned are tourism initiatives -for months now, China has been exempting visitors from Argentina, Peru and Chile from visa requirements-, and an increase in the use of local currencies in cross-border commercial transactions and in the dialogue between regulators and central banks.

A very important market

In addition, Latin America, together with Southeast Asia and Africa, is one of the most important alternative markets in which China is supporting its foreign trade in the face of the tariff war with the United States.

Up to November, while exports to the US fell by 18%, exports to Latin American countries increased by almost 8% to the equivalent of some 276 billion dollars, and already represent a figure equivalent to 70% of what the world's leading power buys from the Asian giant.

In the last two decades, Chinese exports to Latin America have increased almost 11-fold, mainly for manufactured goods -and also, recently, for electric vehicles in markets such as Brazil-, while in the opposite direction they are now 14 times higher, with prominence for four specific products: iron, copper, soybeans and oil.

The countries with the greatest export exposure to China are Chile, Brazil and Peru, all ofthem with a share of more than 25% of the Asian giant's total foreign sales, according to the report. However, Capital Economics calls for "not exaggerating China's role" in trade with Latin America.

Raw materials, key

The relationship between China and Latin America is defined by both continuity and change. Chinese demand for the region's natural resources, ranging from extractives to agricultural products, continues to drive China-Latin America trade, which reached US$518.47 billion in 2024, a year-on-year increase of 6 percent.

China was the destination for approximately one-third of the region's mining exports in 2023. The region supplied approximately 75 percent of China's total soybean imports and nearly all (98 percent) of China's lithium carbonate imports in 2024.

Latin America has also long been a vital market for Chinese products. Although China's exports to the region declined 24% in 2023, Chinese electric vehicle exports to Latin America grew 55%, according to China Customs data,to a total of US$4.2 billion.

China's exports to Latin America increased again, 13%, between 2023 and 2024, including significant sales of high-tech and low-tech products. Mexico, Colombia and other countries have also continued to import substantial quantities of industrial machinery,telecommunications equipmentand consumer electronics from China, which has contributed to the steady growth of exports in those sectors.

In addition, if U.S. tariffs on Chinese products persist, Chinese exports could be increasingly diverted to Latin American markets.

New infrastructure

In Latin America and the Caribbean, Chinese investment in "new infrastructure" industries has grown over time, with ICT (including Huawei's offerings across the technology spectrum), renewable energy technology and, increasingly, electric vehicles accounting for the bulk of this activity.

"New infrastructure" industries accounted for 58% (about $3.7 billion) of total annual Chinese FDI in the region in 2022 and more than 60% of the total number of FDI deals announced by Chinese companies.

Projects include the manufacture of electric vehicles, batteries, cars and buses in Mexico and Brazil; high-end manufacturing industries, such as medical manufacturing and machinery; ICT; renewable energy investments, such as solar farms in Argentina and Chile and dams in much of the region; and urban infrastructure, including the Bogotá Metro project, which remains slow to develop.

Attempts to curb

At the same time, China's policy moves may adversely affect its relations with parts of the region. China's industrial strategy, which includes efforts to offload excess capacity in Latin America and other markets, has already met with some resistance in the region.

Steel tariffs imposed by Mexico, Chile and Brazil reflect this dynamic, while tariffs on electric vehicles implemented by Brazil in January 2024 highlighted concerns about increased imports from China.

Pressure on Latin American manufacturers may well increase as China seeks to boost competitiveness in sectors such as medical equipment and machine tools, where some regional companies remain active.

Document NFINCE0020251229elct00490




ZOMX
Se consolida China en la economía de México y América Latina; creciente inversión directa

Grupo Zócalo 
1,154 words
29 December 2025
Zócalo
ZOCALOM
Spanish
Grupo Zocalo 

Ciudad de México.- China se ha consolidado como el principal socio comercial de múltiples países latinoamericanos, como Brasil o Argentina, y ha elevado su presencia en la región con importantes proyectos como el puerto de Chancay (Perú), una expansión que le ha valido, una vez más, nuevas fricciones con Estados Unidos.

Ese puerto, inaugurado el año pasado para conectar directamente Sudamérica y China, se une a otras iniciativas como fábricas de autopartes en México y de vehículos en Brasil; o minas de cobre o hierro en Chile, proyectos ferroviarios en Argentina o las explotaciones de litio en el ‘triángulo’ formado por esos dos países y Bolivia.

Según el Ministerio de Comercio asiático, la inversión directa del país asiático en Latinoamérica alcanzó en 2024 los 14 mil 710 millones de dólares. Datos de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México muestran que, entre 2010 y 2019, esta llegada de capital fue casi siete veces superior a la de la década anterior, aunque desde la pandemia el ritmo se ha ralentizado.

Ya en 2011, Jin Liqun, entonces presidente de China Investment Corp (CIC, fondo soberano con unos 1.57 billones de yuanes en activo y el encargo de invertir en mercados extranjeros), mostró su “optimismo” por el crecimiento en América Latina y avanzó que “incrementarán” su inversión en la región, apuntando específicamente a las oportunidades en países como Brasil, Chile o Colombia.





Nueva hoja de ruta

Este mismo mes, Pekín publicó una nueva hoja de ruta oficial para América Latina y el Caribe, la tercera de su tipo desde 2008 y sustituta del plan de 2016, en la que asegura que China y esa región comparten “amplias perspectivas de desarrollo”.

Concretamente, las autoridades chinas ven oportunidades de trabajar conjuntamente con países latinoamericanos en sectores como Inteligencia Artificial, telecomunicaciones, energías renovables, hidrógeno, minería o procesamiento de minerales.

Además, el texto mencionó también la voluntad de impulsar proyectos en transporte, logística, vivienda, energía eléctrica y desarrollo urbano bajo el paraguas del proyecto chino de infraestructuras de Nuevas Rutas de la Seda, al que se han adherido alrededor de una veintena de países de la región.

También se mencionan iniciativas turísticas -desde hace meses, China exime de visado a visitantes de Argentina, Perú o Chile-, y un incremento tanto del uso de monedas locales en transacciones comerciales transfronterizas como del diálogo entre reguladores y bancos centrales.





Un mercado muy importante

Además, Latinoamérica está siendo, junto al sudeste asiático o África, uno de los mercados alternativos más importantes en los que China está apoyando su comercio exterior ante la guerra arancelaria con Estados Unidos.

Hasta noviembre, mientras las destinadas a EU caían 18%, las exportaciones a los países latinoamericanos aumentaron casi 8% hasta el equivalente a unos 276 mil millones de dólares, y ya representan una cifra equivalente al 70% de lo que compra la primera potencia mundial desde el gigante asiático.

En las últimas dos décadas, las exportaciones chinas a Latinoamérica se han multiplicado casi por 11, principalmente por bienes manufacturados -y también, recientemente, por los vehículos eléctricos en mercados como Brasil-, mientras que en el sentido opuesto son ahora 14 veces superiores, con protagonismo para cuatro productos concretos: hierro, cobre, soja y petróleo.

Los países con mayor exposición exportadora a China son Chile, Brasil y Perú, todos ellos con una cuota superior a 25% del gigante asiático sobre el total de sus ventas al extranjero, apunta el informe. Sin embargo, Capital Economics llama a “no exagerar el papel de China” en el comercio con Latinoamérica.





Materias primas, clave

La relación entre China y América Latina se define tanto por su continuidad como por sus cambios. La demanda china de recursos naturales de la región, que abarca desde productos extractivos hasta productos agrícolas, sigue impulsando el comercio entre China y América Latina, el cual alcanzó los 518 mil 470 millones de dólares en 2024, lo que supone un aumento interanual de 6 por ciento.

China fue el destino de aproximadamente un tercio de las exportaciones mineras de la región en 2023. La región suministró aproximadamente 75% del total de las importaciones de soja de China y casi la totalidad (98%) de las importaciones de carbonato de litio de China en 2024.

Por mucho tiempo, América Latina también ha sido un mercado vital para los productos chinos. A pesar de que las exportaciones de China a la región disminuyeron 24% en 2023, las exportaciones de vehículos eléctricos chinos a América Latina crecieron 55%, según datos de la Aduana de China, hasta alcanzar un total de 4 mil 200 millones de dólares.

Las exportaciones de China a América Latina volvieron a aumentar, 13%, entre 2023 y 2024, incluyendo importantes ventas de productos de alta y baja tecnología. México, Colombia y otros países también han seguido importando cantidades sustanciales de maquinaria industrial, equipos de telecomunicaciones y productos electrónicos de consumo procedentes de China, lo que ha contribuido al crecimiento constante de las exportaciones en esos sectores.

Además, si persisten los aranceles estadunidenses sobre los productos chinos, las exportaciones chinas podrían desviarse cada vez más hacia los mercados latinoamericanos.





Nueva infraestructura

En América Latina y el Caribe, la inversión china en industrias de “nueva infraestructura” ha crecido con el tiempo, y las TIC (incluidas las ofertas de Huawei en toda la gama tecnológica), la tecnología de energías renovables y, cada vez más, los vehículos eléctricos representan la mayor parte de esta actividad.

Las industrias de “nueva infraestructura” representaron 58% (alrededor de 3 mil 700 millones de dólares) del total de la IED china anual en la región en 2022 y más de 60% del número total de acuerdos de IED anunciados por empresas chinas.

Entre los proyectos están la fabricación de vehículos eléctricos, baterías, automóviles y autobuses en México y Brasil; industrias manufactureras de alta gama, como la fabricación de productos médicos y maquinaria; las TIC; las inversiones en energías renovables, como los parques solares en Argentina y Chile y las presas en gran parte de la región; y las infraestructuras urbanas, incluido el proyecto del Metro de Bogotá, cuyo desarrollo sigue siendo lento.





Intentos de freno

Al mismo tiempo, las medidas políticas de China pueden afectar negativamente a sus relaciones con algunas partes de la región. La estrategia industrial de China, que incluye esfuerzos por descargar el exceso de capacidad en América Latina y otros mercados, ya ha encontrado cierta resistencia en la región.

Los aranceles sobre el acero impuestos por México, Chile y Brasil reflejan esta dinámica, mientras que los aranceles sobre los vehículos eléctricos aplicados por Brasil en enero de 2024 pusieron de manifiesto la preocupación por el aumento de las importaciones procedentes de China.

Es muy posible que aumente la presión sobre los fabricantes latinoamericanos, ya que China trata de impulsar la competitividad en sectores como el de los equipos médicos y las máquinas herramienta, en los que algunas empresas regionales siguen activas.





Document ZOCALOM020251229elct000pe




#Anuario2025 ¬ 25 rostros de poder y resistencia que marcaron estos 25 años a México

Alejandra Padilla 
6,688 words
27 December 2025
Sin Embargo
SINB
Spanish
©Sin Embargo 

En los últimos 25 años, México ha sido definido por figuras que revelan tanto la fuerza como las fracturas del país: presidentes que prometieron cambios trascendentales, funcionarios que operaron en los márgenes del poder, narcotraficantes que expandieron su imperio en medio del vacío institucional, intelectuales que disputaron el sentido de la vida pública y víctimas cuyas historias expusieron los costos humanos de esas decisiones. Juntos, estos rostros ofrecen el retrato de un México atravesado por la desigualdad, la violencia y la búsqueda persistente de justicia, un país donde cada actor (desde la silla presidencial hasta los rincones más vulnerables) dejó una huella decisiva en este cuarto de siglo.

Ciudad de México, 27 de diciembre (SinEmbargo).- En 25 años, México ha atravesado alternancias políticas, crisis de violencia, escándalos de corrupción y momentos de esperanza. Tres partidos se han turnado la Presidencia; un jefe del narcotráfico cayó tras años de persecución, otro fue secuestrado y entregado a Estados Unidos, y uno más sigue libre, convertido en símbolo de la impunidad.

Desde el año 2000 la ciudadanía, el periodismo y los movimientos sociales se han enfrentado a poderes viejos y nuevos: desde los restos del presidencialismo priista hasta el ascenso del lopezobradorismo y la consolidación del crimen organizado como actor político de facto. Entre retrocesos, conquistas y tragedias, surgieron personajes que encarnan estas disputas: presidentes, funcionarios, delincuentes, intelectuales, activistas y víctimas cuya vida o muerte narran la historia reciente del país. Estos son 25 personajes que resumen el primer cuarto de este siglo en México.

Los Presidentes: de Fox a Sheinbaum y el regreso de Salinas

* Vicente Fox Quesada

Vicente Fox llegó a la Presidencia en el 2000 como el primer mandatario panista tras 71 años de gobiernos priistas, prometiendo un gran cambio que finalmente dejó un sentimiento de decepción. Durante su sexenio impulsó la Ley Federal de Transparencia y Acceso a la Información Pública (LFTAIP) que creó el Instituto Federal de Acceso a la Información Pública (IFAI) y lanzó el Seguro Popular, que después sería cuestionado por su falta de resultados. Su gobierno estuvo marcado por escándalos como el financiamiento ilegal de “los amigos de Fox”, el “toalla gate” y presuntas irregularidades vinculadas a su esposa y sus hijastros. En 2018 perdió su pensión presidencial por decreto de Andrés Manuel López Obrador y en 2024 pidió a Xóchitl Gálvez Ruiz que se la devolviera en caso de ganar, pero la elección fue ganada por Claudia Sheinbaum.

El expresidente Vicente Fox, acompañado de Felipe Calderón, cuando fue electo Presidente electo, durante la reunión con el gabinete de desarrollo social, que tuvo lugar en la residencia oficial de Los Pinos el 18 de octubre de 2006. Foto: Gustavo Benitez, Cuartoscuro.

* Felipe Calderón Hinojosa

Felipe Calderón asumió la Presidencia en 2006 entre acusaciones de fraude y, apenas 10 días después, declaró la “guerra contra el narcotráfico” al desplegar al Ejército en Tierra Caliente, Michoacán. Su “estrategia” y derivó en una escalada histórica de violencia: entre 2006 y 2015 se registraron más de 186 mil asesinatos, casi 185 mil carpetas por homicidio doloso y cerca de 30 mil personas desaparecidas. El reacomodo del crimen organizado aumentó el número de cárteles y células delictivas en el país. Aunque su gobierno impulsó programas como las estancias infantiles y se autodenominó “el gobierno de la infraestructura”, destacando la construcción de miles de kilómetros de carreteras, la administración también quedó marcada por el sobrecosto y retraso de la Estela de Luz, símbolo de sus fallas en ejecución y control de recursos.

* Enrique Peña Nieto

Después de dos sexenios panistas, el PRI regresó a la presidencia en 2012 con Enrique Peña Nieto. Su matrimonio con la actriz Angélica Rivera Hurtado, “La Gaviota”, fue uno de los motivos por los que su candidatura y posterior mandato eran vistos como una imposición mediática. Durante su campaña presidencial surgió el movimiento “Yo soy 132”, después de que Peña Nieto se escondiera en un baño de la Universidad Iberoamericana tras ser cuestionado sobre la represión policial en Atenco en 2006, cuando él era Gobernador del Estado de México. En 2014 su gobierno enfrentó uno de sus mayores escándalos: la revelación de la “Casa Blanca”, una mansión valuada en millones de dólares adquirida por su esposa a un contratista del gobierno, lo que desató acusaciones de conflicto de interés y golpeó severamente su credibilidad. El priista protagonizó momentos “virales” que llegaron a ser memes, como cuando dijo “estamos a un minuto de aterrizar. No, menos, como a cinco minutos”, pero esos episodios no alcanzaron a borrar la tragedia que marcó su sexenio: la desaparición de los 43 normalistas de Ayotzinapa en 2014, un caso que 11 años después sigue abierto. Hacia el final de su sexenio el precio de la gasolina aumentó en 20 por ciento, una medida que provocó saqueos a nivel nacional. El entonces mandatario justificó esta medida diciendo que para evitarlo hubiera tenido que suspender programas sociales, aumentar impuestos o afectar los servicios de salud y cuestionó a la ciudadanía: “¿Qué hubieran hecho ustedes?”

* Andrés Manuel López Obrador

El 1 de diciembre de 2018, Andrés Manuel López Obrador tomó posesión como Presidente de México, iniciando la Cuarta Transformación. Su gobierno enfrentó una grave crisis sanitaria: la pandemia de COVID-19, enfermedad por la que murieron más de 335 mil personas en el país. La salud pública fue uno de los grandes retos de la administración de López Obrador: en 2020 desapareció el Seguro Popular instaurado por Fox para sustituirlo con el Instituto de Salud para el Bienestar (INSABI) y en 2023 este último fue reemplazado por el programa IMSS-Bienestar. Además hizo cambios en el sistema de compra y distribución de medicamentos para terminar con la corrupción en esos procesos; no obstante, esta decisión llevó a un alto nivel de desabasto en todo el país. Para remediarlo, López Obrador construyó la Megafarmacia: un almacén que costó 15 mil millones de pesos y que actualmente no rinde cuentas sobre los recursos públicos que utiliza ni sobre los medicamentos que entrega. En contraste, durante su gobierno el salario mínimo aumentó de 88 a 249 pesos diarios, lo cual contribuyó a que 13.4 millones de personas salieran de la pobreza, de acuerdo con el Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía (Inegi). Además, en este sexenio la Pensión para Personas Adultas Mayores, los apoyos para personas con discapacidad, el programa Sembrando Vida y la entrega de fertilizantes fueron elevados a rango constitucional, estableciendo que el monto debe aumentar cada año.

López Obrador también creó la Guardia Nacional, misma que desde 2024 está adscrita al Ejército. Aunque el exmandatario criticó que Calderón y Peña Nieto hubieran utilizado al Ejército para cumplir con tareas de seguridad pública, en 2022 dijo que había cambiado de opinión al ver “el problema” que le heredaron. Además, su sexenio terminó con casi 200 mil homicidios: un promedio de 92 al día. Aunque la reducción fue constante desde 2021, no consiguió regresar a los niveles previos a la guerra contra el narcotráfico iniciada por Calderón.

El expresidente Andrés Manuel López Obrador sorprendió este 2025 al reaparecer en un video para promocionar su nuevo libro: Grandeza. Foto: X @lopezobrador_

* Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo

Después de obtener el 59.75 por ciento de los votos en la elección presidencial de 2024, Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo tomó posesión como la primera Presidenta de México el 1 de octubre de ese año. También fue la primera mandataria en iniciar su gobierno en esa fecha, después de la Reforma Político-Electoral de 2014. Además, el 15 de septiembre de 2025 se convirtió en la primera mujer en encabezar la ceremonia del Grito de Independencia, después de 74 presidentes. En su primer año de gobierno, Claudia Sheinbaum mostró avances relevantes al reducir homicidios y feminicidios, mantener e incluso ampliar los programas sociales, y alcanzar un récord de inversión extranjera directa con 34 mil 265 millones de dólares en el primer semestre de 2025: 10 por ciento más que el año pasado. Además, la economía evitó la recesión y creció de forma moderada. Sin embargo, en el “segundo piso de la transformación” persisten desafíos importantes: el desabasto de medicamentos continúa pese a los compromisos oficiales, la inauguración de nuevas unidades médicas quedó muy por debajo de lo prometido, la creación de empleo formal avanza con lentitud y Petróleos Mexicanos (Pemex) sigue presionado por una deuda histórica que la Presidenta busca sanear hacia 2027. La presidenta cerrará el 2025 con el 74 por ciento de aprobación, según la encuestadora Enkoll contratada por El País.

* Carlos Salinas de Gortari

El gobierno de Salinas de Gortari terminó el 30 de noviembre de 1994, y a partir de entonces desapareció de la vida pública, huyendo de la crisis financiera que dejó su administración y que la de Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León tuvo que enfrentar. Pero en los últimos años Salinas volvió a aparecer en la escena política. En diciembre de 2024 participó en el podcast “La invención de América del Norte” de la revista Nexos, en el cual explicó cómo fue la negociación del Tratado de Libre Comercio de América del Norte (TLCAN). Además, afirmó que actualmente está desempleado y ya no recibe su pensión porque “alguien” se la quitó, refiriéndose al expresidente López Obrador. En septiembre de este año Salinas también participó en la serie documental “PRI: Crónica del Fin”, dirigida por Denise Maerker y producida por N+Docs. En esa ocasión, Salinas aseguró que sí ganó la elección de 1988 “basado en el resultado de las actas”, a pesar de que su rival de ese entonces, Cuauhtémoc Lázaro Cárdenas Solórzano, dijo que el verdadero ganador fue él.

Los funcionarios: de “La Maestra” al súper policía

* Elba Esther Gordillo Morales

Elba Esther Gordillo Morales dirigió el Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores de la Educación (SNTE) desde 1989 hasta 2013. Es conocida como “La Maestra” y en 2006 presuntamente orquestó una campaña para conseguir el respaldo de algunos gobernadores para el entonces candidato presidencial Felipe Calderón. Seis años después, la campaña de Peña Nieto también fue apoyada por Gordillo, pero “La Maestra” no respaldó su reforma educativa. El 26 de febrero de 2013, al inicio del gobierno del priista, Gordillo fue detenida en el aeropuerto de Toluca, Estado de México, cuando regresaba de San Diego, California. Estaba acusada de lavado de dinero y delincuencia organizada: el entonces Procurador General de la República, Jesús Murillo Karam, informó que Gordillo habría desviado dos mil 600 millones de pesos del SNTE. En agosto de 2018 “La Maestra” fue absuelta de los dos cargos y puesta en libertad. En 2021 el Servicio de Administración Tributaria (SAT) le impuso el pago de 21 millones 252 mil 969 pesos por discrepancias en el pago del Impuesto Sobre la Renta (ISR) correspondientes a 2008 y 2009. Gordillo impugnó los adeudos señalando que el SAT no siguió el procedimiento adecuado, pero en 2024 el Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (TFJA) confirmó la validez de los cobros y un tribunal colegiado le negó el amparo. Ahora el asunto será analizado por la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación (SCJN) en donde ha sido asignado a la ponencia de la Ministra Yasmín Esquivel Mossa. En febrero de 2022 se casó con Luis Antonio Lagunas, un hombre 41 años menor que ella y quien fue su abogado desde 2013.

La maestra Elba Esther Gordillo, ex lideresa del SNTE. Foto: Isaac Esquivel, Cuartoscuro

* María del Rosario Robles Berlanga

Rosario Robles fue la primera Jefa de Gobierno del entonces Distrito Federal cuando, en 1999, asumió el cargo de manera interina tras la renuncia de Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas. De 2002 a 2003 fue presidenta Nacional del Partido de la Revolución Democrática (PRD) y durante el sexenio de Peña Nieto estuvo al frente de la Secretaría de Desarrollo Social (SEDESOL), entre 2012 y 2015, y la Secretaría de Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano (SEDATU), entre 2015 y 2018. Su desempeño al frente de la SEDESOL fue el que la llevó a prisión en 2019: en agosto de ese año un juez giró una orden aprehensión en su contra por uso indebido de la función pública. Robles fue señalada como parte de “La Estafa Maestra”, una red de corrupción dada a conocer por Muna Dora Buchahin en la Auditoría Superior de la Federación y publicada por Animal Político y Mexicanos Contra la Corrupción y la Impunidad que consistió en el desvío de más de 7 mil millones de pesos de recursos públicos a través de subcontrataciones de al menos 128 empresas fantasma por universidades públicas. El 19 de agosto de 2022 Robles salió del penal de Santa Martha Acatitla para seguir su proceso en libertad con restricciones (no podía salir del país, debía entregar su pasaporte y firmar cada 15 días). Finalmente, en diciembre de 2023 Robles fue absuelta de los cargos en su contra porque el juez de control Roberto Omar Paredes Gorostieta Femat consideró que los hechos que se le habían imputado son faltas administrativas y no delitos.

* Genaro García Luna

El 16 de octubre de 2024, Genaro García Luna fue condenado a 38 años de prisión en Estados Unidos. Casi dos décadas atrás, en 2006, este hombre asumió el cargo de Secretario de Seguridad Pública de México, durante el gobierno de Felipe Calderón. García Luna era uno de los funcionarios más importantes de la estrategia contra el narcotráfico puesta en marcha por el expresidente. Pero en realidad, García Luna no combatió a los narcotraficantes sino que se convirtió en parte de ellos desde 2001, según la investigación del gobierno estadounidense en su contra. El 10 de diciembre de 2019 el exfuncionario fue detenido en Dallas, Texas, acusado de conspirar para distribuir, poseer e importar cocaína. El 16 de octubre de 2024 fue encontrado culpable y condenado a 38 años y ocho meses en prisión y una multa de 2 millones de dólares. Los testimonios del proceso judicial señalaron que García Luna recibió al menos 6 millones de dólares en sobornos del Cártel de Sinaloa entre 2005 y 2007. La Fiscalía estadounidense sostuvo que, a cambio, permitió la entrada de toneladas de cocaína a Estados Unidos. También lo acusó de proteger al cartel, brindar información sobre operativos, eliminar rivales y colocar a funcionarios corruptos en puestos clave.

* Jesús Murillo Karam

“Ya me cansé”, dijo el entonces Procurador General de la República, Jesús Murillo Karam, hacia el final de una conferencia de prensa el 7 de noviembre de 2014. Un mes y medio atrás, 43 estudiantes de la Escuela Normal Rural “Raúl Isidro Burgos” en Ayotzinapa, Guerrero, habían desaparecido. Dos meses más tarde, el 27 de enero de 2015, Murillo Karam encabezaría otra conferencia en la que daría a conocer su “verdad histórica” del caso Ayotzinapa: los 43 normalistas habrían sido secuestrados y asesinados por el cártel Guerreros Unidos; más tarde habrían sido incinerados en el basurero de Cocula y sus cenizas habrían sido arrojadas al río San Juan. Esta versión fue desmentida en el primer informe del Grupo Interdisciplinario de Expertos Independientes (GIEI), presentado el 6 de septiembre de 2015, al no encontrar evidencia científica que la respaldara. Un mes después de presentar la “verdad histórica”, el 27 de febrero de 2014, Murillo dejaría la Procuraduría General de la República (PGR) y sería nombrado Secretario de Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano por el entonces presidente Enrique Peña Nieto. Murillo Karam fue detenido el 19 de agosto de 2022 (ya durante el gobierno de López Obrador), acusado de desaparición forzada, tortura y delitos contra la administración de justicia, señalado como uno de los responsable de obstruir la justicia en el caso Ayotzinapa. El exprocurador solo pasó dos años en prisión, pues en abril de 2024 un juez de control le otorgó prisión domiciliaria. Desde entonces Murillo Karam enfrenta el proceso en su contra desde su casa en Lomas de Chapultepec.

* Gerardo Fernández Noroña

Desde el año 2000, Gerardo Fernández Noroña ha sido diputado, aspirante presidencial, senador y presidente del Senado. A lo largo de su vida ha militado en el Partido Mexicano Socialista, el de la Revolución Democrática (PRD), el del Trabajo (PT) y en Movimiento Regeneración Nacional (Morena). A lo largo de los últimos 25 años, Fernández Noroña ha protagonizado escándalos de manera constante: desde rechazar el uso del cubrebocas durante la pandemia de COVID-19 hasta ejercer violencia política de género contra la diputada Adriana Dávila Fernández, por lo cual el TEPJF lo obligó a ofrecer una disculpa pública en 2021. El último año ha sido particularmente controversial para el senador: en septiembre de 2024 protagonizó un altercado en la sala VIP del Aeropuerto Internacional de la Ciudad de México (AICM) con el abogado Carlos Velázquez de León, caso que derivó en una denuncia ante la Fiscalía General de la República (FGR) y se resolvió en mayo de 2025 cuando el abogado le ofreció una disculpa pública en el Senado. Meses después, el 27 de agosto de 2025, se enfrentó a empujones con el senador priista Alejandro Moreno Cárdenas en la Comisión Permanente, incidente que dejó a un camarógrafo lesionado y que lo llevó a anunciar denuncias y sanciones legislativas. Además, fue cuestionado por viajes pagados con recursos públicos y por la compra de una casa en Tepoztlán, Morelos, valuada en unos 12 millones de pesos, hechos que contrastaron con el discurso de austeridad de Morena. A esto se sumaron sus declaraciones del 24 de noviembre, cuando acusó a la alcaldesa de Michoacán, Grecia Itzel Quiroz García (viuda de Carlos Alberto Manzo Rodríguez, el alcalde asesinado el 1 de noviembre pasado) de utilizar el asesinato de su esposo con fines políticos y de buscar la gubernatura, en medio de señalamientos que ella misma lanzó sobre presuntos vínculos de políticos morenistas con grupos criminales.

* Norma Lucía Piña Hernández

Norma Piña fue postulada como Ministra de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación en 2015 por el expresidente Enrique Peña Nieto, y en enero de 2023 se convirtió en la primera mujer en presidirla. Un mes después, el expresidente López Obrador dijo que Piña Hernández tenía ese cargo gracias a él, porque “ahora hay autonomía”. Ambos tuvieron choques durante años, incluyendo el desplante de febrero de 2023, cuando Piña no se levantó para saludar al expresidente durante un evento en el marco del Aniversario de la Constitución. Aunque su periodo al frente del Máximo Tribunal debía terminar en 2026, y su encargo en la SCJN terminaría el 10 de diciembre de 2030, Piña Hernández presentó su renuncia el 30 de octubre de 2024, misma que tuvo efectos a partir del 31 de agosto de 2025. Su decisión estuvo motivada por la Reforma Judicial impulsada por López Obrador y finalmente aprobada en septiembre de 2024, misma que establecía la obligación de contender por el cargo en la primera Elección Judicial, celebrada el 1 de junio de 2025. Piña explicó en ese entonces que dejaba el cargo como un “acto de congruencia y respeto al texto constitucional que nos rige”. Tanto ella como los otros seis Ministros que renunciaron actualmente reciben pensiones vitalicias. En el último informe que rindió como presidenta de la SCJN, el 10 de diciembre de 2024, Piña Hernández denunció una “campaña de desprestigio” contra el Poder Judicial y alertó que los Derechos Humanos y la independencia judicial están en riesgo ante un poder sin contrapesos. A este informe no asistieron la presidenta Sheinbaum ni algunos magistrados del Tribunal Electoral del Poder Judicial de la Federación (TEPJF).

La anterior Suprema Corte contaba con tres mil 594 personas en nómina, lo que significaba un presupuesto global de cinco mil 787 millones de pesos, según la información difundida por Batres. Foto: Mario Jasso, Cuartoscuro

* Omar Hamid García Harfuch

El 26 de junio de 2020, a las 06:38 horas, el vehículo en el que viajaba Omar García Harfuch (entonces Secretario de Seguridad Pública de la Ciudad de México) fue emboscado en Lomas de Chapultepec. Más de 20 personas armadas dispararon contra la camioneta blindada en que viajaba el funcionario con dos policías. El ataque duró aproximadamente cuatro minutos y dos escoltas fueron asesinados, además de una mujer que transitaba por esa calle; una joven resultó herida. García Harfuch recibió impactos de bala en el hombro, la clavícula y la rodilla, y responsabilizó al Cártel Jalisco Nueva Generación (CJNG) del ataque. Actualmente es Secretario de Seguridad y Protección Ciudadana en el gobierno de la Presidenta Sheinbaum y está al frente de las estrategias para disminuir los homicidios dolosos y la extorsión en el país. La Secretaría a su cargo ha reportado más de 37 mil detenciones, casi 300 toneladas de droga decomisadas y casi 19 mil armas aseguradas. Su trayectoria incluye cargos clave en la Policía Federal y la PGR, así como la jefatura de la Policía de Investigación y coordinación de inteligencia en la capital. Tiene dos licenciaturas, estudios en seguridad en Harvard y capacitaciones con el Buró Federal de Investigaciones (FBI por sus siglas en inglés) y la Administración para el Control de Drogas (DEA por sus siglas en inglés) en Estados Unidos.

García Harfuch es hijo de Javier García Paniagua, quien estuvo al frente de la extinta Dirección Federal de Seguridad (DFS) a finales de la década de 1970. Su abuelo, Marcelino García Barragán, fue Secretario de la Defensa hacia finales de la década de 1960, época que coincidió con la masacre de estudiantes en la plaza de Tlatelolco, perpetrada por militares y policías en 1968. El actual Secretario de Seguridad ha sido señalado de haber participado en reuniones para construir la “verdad histórica” del caso Ayotzinapa, pero él niega que haya sido así.

Los empresarios / La oposición

* Claudio X. González Laporte

Claudio X. González Laporte fue presidente del Consejo Coordinador Empresarial (CCE) entre 1994 y 1997. De 1997 a 2010 encabezó Kimberly-Clark de México y en 2011 creó la organización Mexicanos Primero. Posteriormente, en 2015, fue cofundador de Mexicanos Contra la Corrupción y la Impunidad (MCCI), organización que presidió hasta 2020 y que actualmente es encabezada por su hijo, Claudio X. González Guajardo. MCCI perdió el estatus de donataria autorizada en febrero de 2025, lo cual provocó que las donaciones que recibía disminuyeran significativamente, al dejar de ser deducibles de impuestos. Durante la administración de López Obrador, X. González criticó la cancelación del Nuevo Aeropuerto Internacional de México (NAIM), calificando de “imperdonable manipulación” la decisión del exmandatario de cancelar su construcción. En diciembre de 2025 el empresario volvió a aparecer en la escena pública para presentar una propuesta de Reforma Electoral que reunió 130 mil firmas ciudadanas; su intención es que sea discutida en febrero de 2026, junto a la que presentarán Morena y la Presidencia.

* Xóchitl Gálvez Ruiz

Xóchitl Gálvez obtuvo el 27.9 por ciento de los votos en la elección presidencial de 2024: poco menos de la mitad obtenida por Sheinbaum. Gálvez Ruiz es empresaria, ingeniera y política mexicana, originaria de Hidalgo. Su carrera política inició en el año 2000, cuando encabezó la Comisión Nacional para el Desarrollo de los Pueblos Indígenas (CDI), nombrada por el expresidente Fox Quesada. En 2010 buscó la gubernatura de Hidalgo, pero quedó en segundo lugar, pero en 2015 resultó ganadora en la elección para la jefatura delegacional de Miguel Hidalgo. Fue senadora por el grupo parlamentario del PAN desde 2018 hasta 2024, y en ese cargo protagonizó enfrentamientos con el expresidente López Obrador. El más mediático fue el de diciembre de 2022, cuando intentó entrar a Palacio Nacional para exigir su derecho de réplica después de que el exmandatario aseguró que Gálvez quería terminar con los programas sociales. En julio de 2023 López Obrador afirmó que Claudio X. González “llevó a cabo las consultas para que los represente, a este grupo, Xóchitl Gálvez”. Y así fue: Gálvez fue la candidata presidencial por la coalición “Fuerza y Corazón por México” (PRI-PAN-PRD). Durante su campaña, el hijo de la panista fue exhibido en un video en estado de ebriedad, pateando e insultando a los guardias de seguridad de un club nocturno en Polanco, Ciudad de México. Después de que el video se viralizó, Juan Pablo Sánchez Gálvez pidió disculpas y decidió renunciar a su puesto como Coordinador Nacional de “Xóvenes”, la campaña juvenil de su madre. Recientemente Gálvez llegó a los medios de comunicación y redes sociales después de haber declarado en una mesa de diálogo con la periodista Azucena Uresti que había perdido 18 kilogramos, que aseguró haber logrado dejando de comer y haciendo ejercicio.

La candidata del PRI PAN PRD, Xóchitl Gálvez. Foto: Cuartoscuro/Daniel Augusto.

* Ricardo Benjamín Salinas Pliego

Salinas Pliego es el fundador y presidente de Grupo Salinas, conglomerado que incluye TV Azteca, Elektra, Banco Azteca e Italika. En 1993 adquirió la televisora estatal Imevisión y la transformó en TV Azteca, misma que consolidó durante los sexenios de Zedillo y Fox. A partir de 2006 el Servicio de Administración Tributaria (SAT) ha exigido a sus empresas el pago de créditos fiscales que el empresario ha dilatado por medio de amparos y otros recursos legales. En noviembre de 2025 la SCJN determinó que Salinas debe pagar 67 mil millones de pesos por una deuda de 2012 de la empresa Nueva Elektra del Milenio; ese monto se suma a los más de 48 mil millones de pesos que otras de sus compañías adeudan al SAT. Como parte de este proceso, en julio de 2025 Salinas denunció a 20 personas entre las que había periodistas, youtubers y usuarios de redes sociales quienes presuntamente iniciaron una campaña de desprestigio contra Banco Azteca en 2023 por los que la empresa habría perdido mil millones de dólares. En agosto de este año el empresario dijo que, “de ser necesario”, buscará una candidatura presidencial en 2030, durante una entrevista con el periodista Ramón Alberto Garza, en el canal "Código Magenta".

* Emilio Fernando Azcárraga Jean

Emilio Azcárraga Jean tomó las riendas de Televisa en 1997, a los 29 años, tras la muerte de su padre, Emilio Azcárraga Milmo, “El Tigre”. Heredó una televisora que durante décadas fue uno de los pilares del priismo y la principal productora de entretenimiento en español del mundo. La figura de Azcárraga Jean fue clave en el regreso del PRI a la presidencia en 2012. La imagen halagadora de Enrique Peña Nieto en la televisora, los cuestionamientos sobre contratos millonarios de publicidad oficial y la relación estrecha entre la empresa y el gobierno alimentaron el movimiento #YoSoy132, que denunció la parcialidad mediática en plena campaña presidencial. Aunque Televisa lo negó, el costo reputacional fue evidente: por primera vez, una generación completa cuestionó abiertamente el rol político de la televisora. En 2021, Azcárraga Jean encabezó la fusión entre Televisa y Univisión, una de las operaciones más grandes en la historia del entretenimiento en español. La nueva empresa, TelevisaUnivision, concentró contenido, infraestructura y plataformas para competir en el mercado digital con VIX, su servicio de streaming. Aun así, Televisa perdió terreno en audiencia y publicidad frente a plataformas globales, lo que marcó un quiebre frente a la hegemonía que la compañía mantuvo durante casi medio siglo. En octubre de 2024, Grupo Televisa anunció que Azcárraga Jean tomaría una licencia de la presidencia del consorcio para atender una demanda de corrupción en Estados Unidos relacionada con la Federación Internacional de Fútbol Asociación? (FIFA) y por primera vez desde su fundación en 1930, Televisa dejó de ser presidida por un miembro de la familia Azcárraga.

* Carlos Slim Helú

Desde 2010 y hasta 2013, Carlos Slim fue catalogado como el hombre más rico del mundo según Forbes. Actualmente el empresario tiene una fortuna que llega a los 101 mil millones de dólares, colocándolo en una exclusiva lista junto a personas como Elon Musk (director de Tesla) y Jeff Bezos (dueño de Amazon). Estudió Ingeniería Civil en la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) y en 1965, cuando tenía 25 años, fundó la Inmobiliaria Carso. El nombre de esta primera empresa está formado por las tres primeras letras de Carlos y las dos primeras de Soumaya: su esposa Soumaya Domit Gemayel. Su expansión inició durante el proceso de privatización de la década de 1990, cuando adquirió Teléfonos de México (Telmex) durante el gobierno de Salinas de Gortari: Grupo Carso, France Télécom y SBC Communications, adquirieron inicialmente el 53 por ciento de la empresa; en 1996 Slim compró las acciones de sus socios para consolidar la propiedad de la empresa. Posteriormente creó América Móvil, que hoy es una de las empresas de telecomunicaciones más grandes del continente. La relación entre Slim y López Obrador tuvo tensiones y acercamientos durante más de dos décadas: comenzó con desacuerdos sobre proyectos urbanos en la Ciudad de México, pero terminó en una colaboración en la que Slim invirtió más de mil millones de pesos en el Centro Histórico. Aunque decisiones como la cancelación del NAICM generaron fricciones, la relación nunca se rompió y volvió a fortalecerse con proyectos nacionales como el Tren Maya y la Refinería de Dos Bocas (Olmeca), donde las empresas del magnate tuvieron un papel central. Slim también ha enfrentado controversias por las fallas de la Línea 12 del Metro de la Ciudad de México (que provocó la muerte de 26 personas), obra construida por Carso Infraestructura y Construcción, y fue uno de los actores involucrados en el acuerdo reparatorio firmado en 2021 tras el colapso de un tramo elevado. En mayo de 2025, el empresario volvió a deslindarse de la tragedia, asegurando que se debió a un fallo en el diseño de la obra y a la falta de mantenimiento.

Los narcotraficantes: escapes, capturas y secuestros

* Joaquín Archivaldo Guzmán Loera, “El Chapo”

“Misión cumplida, lo tenemos”: con este mensaje el expresidente Peña Nieto anunció la captura de Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán el 8 de enero de 2016. El 19 de enero de 2017 fue extraditado a Estados Unidos, en donde actualmente está purgando una condena de cadena perpetua más 30 años por delitos que incluyen cargos de narcotráfico, utilizar un arma de fuego para apoyar sus delitos relacionados con drogas y participar en una conspiración para cometer lavado de activos. Antes de su última captura, Guzmán Loera se había escapado dos veces de la cárcel y evadió su captura definitiva durante 23 años. Primero fue detenido en 1993 en Guatemala tras huir de una balacera en Guadalajara, y fue entregado a México para recluirlo en un penal de máxima seguridad. En 2001 protagonizó su primera fuga al esconderse en un carro de lavandería dentro de la prisión de Puente Grande. Tras 13 años prófugo, fue detenido de nuevo en 2014 en Mazatlán, Sinaloa, pero volvió a escapar en 2015 a través de un túnel de más de un kilómetro y medio desde el penal del Altiplano, en el Estado de México. Finalmente, en enero de 2016 fue detenido de nuevo en Los Mochis, Sinaloa, y, tras un año de litigios, México lo extraditó a Estados Unidos. Antes de su captura, “El Chapo” Guzmán era considerado el narcotraficante más poderoso del mundo: lideraba el Cártel de Sinaloa que dominaba el mercado global de cocaína y expandía su negocio a heroína, metanfetamina y marihuana, respaldado por una red internacional de lavado de dinero y presencia en gran parte de México, Estados Unidos y Latinoamérica. Bajo su mando, el cartel ganó guerras violentas (como la que sostuvo con el Cártel de Juárez), rompió con los Beltrán Leyva y tejió alianzas con organizaciones como el Cártel del Golfo y la Familia Michoacana. Su familia estuvo profundamente involucrada en el negocio y también sufrió pérdidas por rivalidades con grupos como Los Zetas, mientras distintas facciones políticas (como el PRI y el PAN) y de seguridad fueron señaladas durante años de brindarle protección. En julio de 2025, Guzmán Loera dirigió una carta al juez Brian Cogan para pedirle que le permita tener contacto con su nuevo abogado, Israel José Encinosa, con quien llevaba meses intentando tener contacto; finalmente en agosto le fue concedido el permiso. Dos de los hijos de “El Chapo” actualmente también están presos en Estados Unidos: Ovidio Guzmán López, “El Ratón” fue extraditado en 2023 y su hermano, Joaquín Guzmán López, se entregó en 2024, cuando secuestró a Ismael Mario Zambada García, “El Mayo” con la esperanza de alcanzar un acuerdo con las autoridades estadounidenses, mismo que no le fue concedido.

Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, líder del cártel de Sinaloa, fue sentenciado en Estados Unidos a cadena perpetua, tras haber sido declarado culpable de ocho cargos de crimen organizado y narcotráfico. Foto: Pedro Valtierra. Cuartoscuro.

* Ismael Mario Zambada García, “El Mayo”

“El Mayo” Zambada fue secuestrado por Joaquín Guzmán López el 25 de julio de 2024. Ese día, el hijo de “El Chapo” le pidió asistir a una reunión para resolver diferencias entre Rubén Rocha Moya, gobernador de Sinaloa, y Héctor Melesio Cuen Ojeda, exdiputado federal, exalcalde de Culiacán y ex rector de la Universidad Autónoma de Sinaloa (UAS), según informó Zambada en una carta publicada en agosto de ese año. El 26 de agosto de 2024 se declaró culpable de narcotráfico en una corte de Estados Unidos, así como de haber sobornado a policías y políticos mexicanos. La audiencia para su sentencia estaba programada para el 12 de enero de 2026, pero fue aplazada al 13 de abril después de que su defensa solicitara 90 días adicionales con el argumento de que no han podido reunir la información necesaria para mitigar la condena debido a la violencia en México. No obstante, la fiscal estadounidense Pam Bondi ya adelantó que "'El Mayo' pasará el resto de su vida entre rejas. Morirá en una prisión federal de Estados Unidos, donde debe estar". Zambada había evadido a la justicia desde 1969, cuando empezó a liderar el Cártel de Sinaloa, razón por la cual era considerado imposible de detener y existen incluso corridos que lo presumen, como “El MZ” de Los Tucanes del Norte que dice: “La ley quiere detenerlo / Los contras quieren matarlo/ Pero nadie lo ha logrado / Se les aparece el diablo”. Un momento extraordinario en su presencia pública fue la entrevista que le concedió en 2010 al periodista Julio Scherer, misma que fue publicada en la revista Proceso y durante la cual, Zambada le dijo a Scherer que podrían agarrarlo “en cualquier momento o nunca”.

* Nemesio Rubén Oseguera Cervantes, “El Mencho”

Nemesio Oseguera, “El Mencho”, es el líder del Cártel Jalisco Nueva Generación (CJNG), una de las organizaciones que el gobierno estadounidense clasificó como grupos terroristas el 20 de febrero de 2025. “El Mencho” nació en Michoacán y emigró a California, Estados Unidos con sus padres, de donde fue deportado por posesión de armas. Entre 1986 y 1989 entró al país del norte con nombres falsos, y aprendió sober la elaboración y distribución de drogas sintéticas. Tras la caída de “El Chapo”, Oseguera Cervantes pasó de ser un policía municipal y operador del Cártel del Milenio a convertirse en el líder del CJNG, organización que surgió tras la ruptura con el Cártel de Sinaloa en 2010 y que creció con rapidez al aprovechar la captura de líderes rivales, reclutar especialistas en finanzas y químicos, y expandirse mediante extrema violencia. Bajo su mando, el CJNG pasó de operar en Jalisco y Colima a tener presencia en más de la mitad del país, dominar el mercado de anfetaminas hacia Estados Unidos y Europa, e infiltrar sectores económicos y aduanas clave para lavar dinero y traer precursores. “El Mencho” nunca ha estado preso en México, y actualmente la Administración para el Control de Droga de Estados Unidos (DEA) ofrece 15 millones de dólares por su captura. Su hijo, Rubén Oseguera González, “El Menchito”, fue condenado a cadena perpetua en marzo de 2025.

Las víctimas: no se mata la verdad

* Javier Valdez Cárdenas

“Que nos maten a todos, si esa es la condena de muerte por reportear este infierno”, publicó Javier Valdez el 25 de marzo de 2017 en su cuenta de Twitter, tras el asesinato de la periodista Miroslava Breach. Menos de dos meses después, su asesinato sería el titular en los medios locales e internacionales. Valdez Cárdenas fue un periodista sinaloense que dedicó su vida a narrar la violencia cotidiana, el dolor de las familias y el funcionamiento interno del narcotráfico en el noroeste del país. Cofundó el semanario Ríodoce y escribió libros sobre el crimen organizado. El 15 de mayo de 2017 fue asesinado a plena luz del día en Culiacán, Sinaloa, a unos metros de su redacción, por hombres que lo interceptaron y le dispararon tras robarle su computadora, celular y vehículo; este último fue encontrado unas horas después. La Fiscalía vinculó el crimen al Cártel de Sinaloa, específicamente a investigaciones que realizaba sobre células internas del grupo criminal. En enero de 2018, la Fiscalía Especial para la Atención de Delitos cometidos contra la Libertad de Expresión (FEADLE) obtuvo órdenes de captura contra los presuntos responsables materiales: Heriberto Picos Barraza, Juan Francisco Picos Barrueta y Luis Ildefonso Sánchez Romero. Los dos primeros ya fueron sentenciados, mientras que Sánchez Romero fue asesinado en Sonora en septiembre de 2017. Según la misma Fiscalía, el posible autor intelectual del asesinato de Javier Valdez es Dámaso López Serrano, “El Mini Lic”, quien actualmente permanece bajo custodia en Estados Unidos por otros delitos. Para la familia del periodista y las organizaciones que defienden la libertad de expresión, el caso seguirá en la impunidad hasta que López Serrano sea extraditado a México, procesado y castigado por su participación en el asesinato de Valdez. Desde ese 15 de mayo, en México han sido asesinados otros 69 periodistas, de acuerdo con Article 19.

El periodista Javier Valdez Cárdenas fue asesinado porque Dámaso López Núñez, ‘El Licenciado’, estaba enojado con sus publicaciones. Foto: Especial vía Noroeste

* Homero Gómez González

Homero Gómez González era un activista y administrador del santuario “El Rosario” en Ocampo, Michoacán. Pasó de talar árboles junto a su familia a convertirse en uno de los principales defensores del hábitat de la mariposa monarca, enfrentando tanto la pobreza local como la tala ilegal controlada por el crimen organizado. El 13 de enero de 2020 desapareció tras asistir a una feria y su cuerpo fue encontrado 15 días después dentro de un pozo, con signos de asfixia por sumersión y traumatismo craneoencefálico. Aunque la Fiscalía no determinó si su muerte fue un accidente u homicidio, su familia denunció amenazas previas y sostiene que fue asesinado por su labor ambientalista. El caso sigue impune y Homero forma parte de la larga lista de defensores ambientales asesinados en México, en donde solo en 2024 fueron asesinados 25 activistas, según el Centro Mexicano de Derecho Ambiental, A.C. (CEMDA).

Los intelectuales

* Enrique Krauze Kleinbort

Enrique Krauze es uno de los intelectuales públicos más influyentes de México, historiador, ensayista y editor que ha dedicado gran parte de su obra a analizar el poder presidencial y la vida política del país. Fundador de la revista Letras Libres y de la editorial Clío, Krauze ha sido una figura central en el debate público desde los años ochenta, especialmente por su defensa del liberalismo democrático y las instituciones. Durante el gobierno de López Obrador y la llamada se convirtió en una de las voces críticas más visibles del proyecto político en el poder. Desde Letras Libres y en sus intervenciones públicas, cuestionó lo que consideraba rasgos autoritarios en el estilo personal de gobernar de López Obrador, así como los embates contra organismos autónomos, la prensa y el arbitraje electoral. Esto lo colocó en el centro de campañas de señalamiento desde el oficialismo, incluida la acusación sin pruebas de la supuesta “Operación Berlín”.

* Héctor Aguilar Camín

Héctor Aguilar Camín es escritor, novelista y periodista. Ha sido director de Nexos por más de tres décadas, ha combinado la ficción literaria con el análisis político para retratar la historia reciente de México y sus contradicciones.Camín también mantuvo una postura crítica frente al gobierno de López Obrador, particularmente en temas de seguridad, militarización y concentración de poder. Desde Nexos, así como en sus columnas y participaciones mediáticas, advirtió sobre los riesgos democráticos que veía en el proyecto de la 4T y en la confrontación constante del presidente con la prensa y la academia. Esto le valió choques directos con AMLO, quien lo mencionó reiteradamente en las conferencias matutinas como parte de un supuesto “bloque conservador”.

Document SINB000020251228elcr0000d




Mexico’s week in review: Christmas cheer and heartbreak

499 words
27 December 2025
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2025 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

This Christmas week brought both joy and loss to Mexico. While families gathered to celebrate the holidays, the week also brought news of economic growth, infrastructure milestones and a devastating plane crash. Mexico offered assistance to a Caribbean neighbor abroad while back home, President Sheinbaum delivered messages of unity and holiday cheer.

Economic growth and trade tensions

Mexico’s economy showed signs of resilience in October, with the National Institute of Statistics and Geography reporting 1% monthly growth following a third-quarter contraction. The agricultural sector led the rebound with 1.4% growth compared to the previous month, while the tertiary sector expanded by 1.2%. However, analysts cautioned that uncertainty around U.S. trade policies and sluggish public investment continue to cloud Mexico’s economic outlook.

The Mexican economy changes direction, growing 1% in October

“The Mexican economy changes direction, growing 1% in October” — Mexico News Daily

Trade relations took center stage as Canada, Mexico and the United States prepared to launch formal USMCA review discussions in mid-January, with a July 1, 2026 deadline to conclude negotiations. Economy Minister Marcelo Ebrard expressed confidence in the agreement’s renewal, emphasizing that Mexico remains the United States’ largest buyer. Meanwhile, Mexican baker Grupo Bimbo filed a lawsuit against Trump administration tariffs, challenging their constitutionality and seeking reimbursement of duties already paid. The case highlights mounting legal pressure on tariff policies that Bimbo argues were imposed under false pretenses of economic emergency.

In the sports business arena, U.S. equity firm General Atlantic purchased a 49% stake in Televisa’s Grupo Ollamani, owner of Club América and the 88,000-seat Banorte Stadium, in a deal valued at approximately $490 million. The partnership includes collaboration with a subsidiary of the Kraft Group, which owns the New England Patriots. Club América becomes the fifth Liga MX team with significant U.S. funding, reflecting growing foreign investment in Mexican soccer ahead of the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

Infrastructure developments

Transportation infrastructure advanced as President Sheinbaum announced the long-delayed train to Felipe Ángeles International Airport should be operational by April 2026. Originally scheduled for completion in 2022, the 30-kilometer line will connect AIFA with Mexico City’s Buenavista station in 43 minutes. Once operational, trains will depart every 15 minutes with capacity for 719 passengers each, connecting with the Suburban Train, Mexico City Metro and multiple bus systems.

Bright prospects for tourism

Mexico’s tourism sector received encouraging news as a Google and Deloitte study projected the country will crack the top five most-visited destinations globally by 2040. Currently ranked sixth, Mexico is expected to grow from 45 million foreign tourists in 2019 to 90 million by 2040, assuming annual growth of 2.5% to 3.5%. The projection reflects Mexico’s robust air connectivity with North America, diverse attractions from beaches to colonial cities, and growing interest in cultural heritage sites.

México sigue consolidándose como un destino atractivo para invertir.

Document MXNDEN0020251227elcr0005l




How accurate were my 2025 predictions for Mexico? A perspective from our CEO

1,826 words
27 December 2025
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2025 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

One has to be very brave or a little crazy to have tried to make economic and political predictions for this year. With Trump being sworn in for a second term and significant uncertainty around Sheinbaum’s policy decisions and how different they might be from AMLO’s, there was a major lack of clarity around how the year would play out. That being said, being the masochist that I am, I took a shot at 12 predictions for Mexico for the 2025.

You can see below how I did on each of them. Please weigh in on the comments and tell me how you think I did and if you agree.

Prediction: President Sheinbaum will remain extremely popular with the Mexican population

Late 2024 polling showed her having an exceptionally high 76% favorability rating in Mexico. I predicted that in 2025, despite a lot of uncertainty and turmoil, she would retain a favorability rating above 70%.

Result: CORRECT!

President Sheinbaum has maintained her exceptionally high approval rating with the most recent poll numbers giving her a favorability rating near or above 70%.

Prediction: President Sheinbaum and President Trump will get along better than expected.

Despite Trump’s highly confrontational style, I predicted that President Sheinbaum would successfully manage the relationship, building a productive and positive working relationship that would surprise many people.

Result: CORRECT!

All indications are that Sheinbaum and Trump have maintained a professional, respectful relationship. The two leaders have spoken by telephone five times and just recently met in person for the first time in the U.S. Despite Trump’s tough talk on Mexico, he has consistently made positive, even flattering comments regarding Sheinbaum.

Trump showed ‘a lot of respect’ in first meeting, says Sheinbaum: Monday’s mañanera recapped

“Trump showed ‘a lot of respect’ in first meeting, says Sheinbaum: Monday’s mañanera recapped” — Mexico News Daily

Prediction: The Mexican peso will weaken to above 21 to the US dollar — maybe even 22 by year’s end.

I expected a lot of currency uncertainty throughout the year, and uncertainty tends to strengthen the U.S. dollar and weaken the Mexican peso. USMCA negotiations, foreign direct investment delays, slowing GDP growth in Mexico and a difference in interest rate reductions between the U.S. and Mexico would all contribute to peso weakness, I predicted.

Result: INCORRRECT!

The peso has defied pretty much all expectations by strengthening throughout the year versus the US dollar. Trump’s constant tariff threats against Mexico have somehow not impacted the peso. Mexico’s slow GDP growth rate has somehow not impacted the peso. Mexico’s higher inflation and quicker interest rate reductions somehow have not impacted the peso. Economic theory is somehow not applying to the peso right now.

Prediction: There will be many delays of new foreign direct investment (FDI) into Mexico in 2025, resulting in disappointing FDI numbers for the year.

I expected a drop in foreign direct investment in 2025, followed by a growth in 2026 and beyond. Companies would hold off making significant FDI moves in Mexico until there was more clarity around tariff policies and USMCA renewal terms, I predicted.

Result: INCORRECT!

Foreign direct investment announcements hit a record high this year. In addition, the amount of new investment (versus reinvestment of profits) increased this year. Despite Trump’s tariffs and threats to blow up the USMCA. Go figure.

Prediction: Mexican GDP growth will surprise to the upside, but still be disappointingly low.

Many experts predicted 2025 GDP growth in the 1.1%-1.2% range, below predictions for the U.S. and far below what Mexico could have expected given the nearshoring opportunity. I predicted a number closer to 2% for 2025: better than expected but still way too low.

Result: INCORRECT!

I have a business degree from UW Madison and a Masters from Kellogg at Northwestern, but it sure doesn’t look like it as I got yet another economy/business-related prediction wrong. Mexico GDP growth was terrible this year, with downgrade projections happening throughout the year. Only 1% growth was expected, and the Mexican economy grew less than half of that. It’s hard to fathom that the Mexican peso strengthened, FDI hit record highs, and the economy grew less than 1%. Especially surprising given the nearly 3% growth in the U.S.

After lackluster Q3, OECD trims growth forecasts for 2025 and 2026

“After lackluster Q3, OECD trims growth forecasts for 2025 and 2026” — Mexico News Daily

Prediction: Mexico will need to bring its interest rates down more quickly than the United States.

The U.S. would likely have the luxury of being able to pause its interest rate reductions for now and cut less in 2025, I predicted. Mexico was unlikely to have that ability due to a sluggish economy, declining FDI rates and slowing inflation — all factors that would contribute to the depreciation of the Mexican peso, I thought.

Result: CORRECT!

Mexico did in fact bring interest rates down more quickly than the United States as the economy continued to falter. The U.S. reduced rates at a much slower rate. But somehow the peso still appreciated versus the US dollar.

Prediction: Mexico will surprise the world by taking some substantive actions against the drug cartels.

I predicted that 2025 would be a year in which the Mexican government visibly goes on the offensive again against the cartels after six years of a “hugs not bullets” strategy (that arguably failed) by former President López Obrador. Whether that offensive would result in an actual reduction in violence was anyone’s guess, I said.

Result: CORRECT!

Mexico has taken much more visible action against the cartels than in the previous administration. Mexico handed over dozens of cartel leaders to the U.S., allowed CIA drone flights over Mexican territory, and increased arrests and drug seizures. There is still a long way to go, but there has clearly been a change in strategy under Sheinbaum.

Prediction: Mexico will take an increasingly strong stand against Chinese investments in the country.

I advised readers to look out for more tariffs in coordination with the U.S. and Canada, more actions on Chinese counterfeit goods in the country, and more actions against Chinese nationals. That course of action would be in Mexico’s best interest, and could also lead to a more productive USMCA discussion. I also predicted the tidal wave of Chinese cars and car dealerships would slow down significantly, at least for the time being.

Result: CORRECT!

Mexico finally blinked on Chinese investment, people and goods pouring into the country. A just-passed tariff on goods coming from countries without a trade agreement with Mexico will put tariffs of up to 50% on over 1,300 Chinese products. The Chinese government is not happy.

Congress approves new tariffs on goods from China and non-FTA countries

“Congress approves new tariffs on goods from China and non-FTA countries” — Mexico News Daily

Prediction: Pemex will likely go mostly untouched in 2025, but some high profile green energy investment projects will be announced.

With so many other pressing issues to attend to in 2025, I doubted that President Sheinbaum would have the bandwidth to tackle Pemex. I did expect much more momentum around green energy projects and investments.

Result: CORRECT!

Pemex remains untouched and hemorrhaging money. Sheinbaum’s energy reform policies have thus far been too timid to have any real impact on the market. Policies are still not “investor-friendly” enough to attract private investment, and both Mexican industry and the environment continue to suffer as a result. Some green energy projects have been announced, but they’re a drop in the bucket compared to the potential.

Prediction: Less cynicism and more optimism will take hold on Mexico’s all-in focus on trains.

Both the Maya Train and Interoceanic Train would demonstrate their value, I said, and excitement would build around the newly planned and soon-to-be-constructed routes in the center of the country heading north.

Result: INCORRECT!

Although it is still very early in terms of being able to weigh in on these two mega infrastructure projects, it would be hard to argue that excitement for either one is increasing. A harsh reality seems to be setting in that ridership increases will take much longer, and a return on  investment might take decades or longer. This does not make the projects a failure, as the impacts of projects of this scale need to be evaluated over many years. In fact, Sheinbaum’s administration is doubling down on trains with several new projects nationwide. This is a very big bet that will either be the pride and joy or the laughing stock of the country for generations. Only time will tell.

Prediction: Mexico City will continue to get the recognition and visibility it deserves for being one of the great cities of the world.

The city, which had very few tourists in the past, was booming with tourism in 2024. In 2025, I expected to hear more people than ever saying “I had no idea CDMX was such a great city … Who would have ever thought?” (Cue the eye rolling.)

Result: CORRECT!

On pretty much any metric, Mexico City continues to gain momentum as one of the great cities of the world. The world’s top singers want to perform(and eat tacos) there. Sport teams from around the world want to play there. An increasing amount of tourists from around the world want to enjoy the cities great parks, museums, restaurants, and neighborhoods. It’s a wonderful sight to see.

Prediction: Tourist numbers will continue to hit new records throughout the country.

I predicted that the weakening peso, a strong U.S. economy, the booming cruise industry and lots of new flights would keep tourists coming in record numbers again in 2025.

Result: CORRECT!

Mexico has smashed new records of tourists this year, with a year-to-date 13% increase in international visitors. Lots more Canadians have been coming. Expect another record next year with continued momentum and the World Cup.

Click here

In summary, I think that I did OK and in fact scored slightly higher than last year. Eight correct versus four incorrect — and I am losing sleep over how I have gotten the economic ones incorrect!

What do you think? Do you agree with my assessment? How did the year play out compared to what you expected? How did you do with your own predictions for the country? Stay tuned next week as I make my 2026 predictions. I guess you could say I am a glutton for punishment!

Travis Bembenek is the CEO ofMexico News Daily and has been living, working or playing in Mexico for nearly 30 years.

The post How accurate were my 2025 predictions for Mexico? A perspective from our CEO appeared first on Mexico News Daily

Document MXNDEN0020251227elcr0002t




SPORTS
US investors put millions in Mexican football before 2026 World Cup

795 words
27 December 2025
Business Times Singapore
STBT
English
© 2025 SPH Media Limited 

A SYNDICATE including General Atlantic is investing hundreds of millions of dollars in Mexican football ahead of the 2026 Fifa World Cup.

The group agreed to buy a 49 per cent stake in Ollamani Group, which owns Club America, one of Mexico's biggest football teams, as well as the 88,000-seat Azteca Stadium in Mexico City, where the sport's premier tournament will kick off in June, the companies announced in a joint statement.

The new joint entity will be known as Grupo Aguilas and the value of the enterprise is US$490 million, according to the companies. The investor group's stake works out to roughly US$240 million.

Telecom and broadcasting giant Televisa Group set up Ollamani in February 2024 to separate its non-media related assets like Club America and the stadium, and focus solely on its core businesses.

Ollamani will retain the remaining 51 per cent stake of Grupo Aguilas and Televisa chairman Emilio Azcarraga Jean will become its executive president.

"This strategic alliance positions us strongly for our next stage of leadership as we expand our reach and deliver even more unforgettable experiences for fans in Mexico and beyond," Azcarraga Jean said in a statement.

General Atlantic and Ollamani are partnering with Kraft Analytics Group, the subsidiary of billionaire Robert Kraft's holding company, on data management and consulting. Its parent company has owned the New England Patriots since 1994 and related assets including Gillette Stadium in Massachusetts.

Club America, which Televisa acquired in 1959, is Mexico's most successful football team with over 40 domestic and international titles and a large fan base in its home country and the US.

It is also listed on the Mexican stock exchange, making it one of the few publicly traded football clubs alongside European giants like Manchester United and Juventus. The iconic Azteca Stadium -- now called Estadio Banorte after the financial group bought naming rights -- is undergoing a US$106 million renovation.

Otherwise, Ollamani owns a gaming division that operates 18 casinos while their publishing business includes titles such as weekly entertainment magazine TVyNovelas.

Mexico's football market is ripe for investment since it was agreed that no single group can own more than one team in Liga MX, the top tier of Mexico's professional football league.

Three business groups, including one owned by billionaire Ricardo Salinas Pliego's Grupo Salinas, currently own multiple teams and will need to sell to avoid penalties.

"We could really move forward at ending multi-propriety with fresh foreign investment," Liga MX president Mikel Arriola in an interview in November. "Today the Mexican league is extremely attractive for American investors."

Buying into Mexican teams is cheaper than investing in a new Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise, with the upside of already having a fan base on both sides of the border. Charlotte Football Club and San Diego FC, two of the newest names in MLS, cost US$325 million and US$500 million, respectively, according to the league's records.

The price tag for a first division team in one of Europe's top leagues goes well over US$1 billion.

Arriola also said that the appetite for Mexican teams will grow as football gains traction beyond its core Hispanic fans in the US and the 2026 World Cup euphoria lingers long after the tournament.

"We have 10 American investment funds looking for teams in Mexico," he said at the time. "To have this amount of purchases in 2025 is huge."

Mexican football has attracted millions of dollars in recent years from investors taking a chance on the country's obsession with the sport.

In 2021, Hollywood star Eva Longoria and a group of American investors including Al Tylis and Sam Porter bought 50 per cent of Club Necaxa, one of the country's oldest teams. The club currently features in a television series produced by FX.

Club Queretaro was fully acquired this year for US$120 million by Innovatio Capital, an Atlanta-based investment firm. Its CEO Marc Spiegel became the first foreign owner of a top Mexican division football team since the league's establishment 82 years ago.

Atlas FC is one of two other clubs expected to be sold to US investors in the upcoming months.

"You start to go: 'OK, where is the place where an investor still can capture some of the upside that hasn't been unlocked yet, that hasn't been fully invested by folks who are buying NFL and NBA teams?'" said Sam Porter, chief strategy officer at Apollo Sports Capital, in an October interview with Bloomberg's Business of Sports podcast. "I think Liga MX holds a lot of that appeal." BLOOMBERG

Document STBT000020251227elcr0000w




India Business
Weathering the storm: From 50% Trump tariffs to new FTAs - how India steered through turbulent trade waters in 2025

Trisha Mahajan 
4,169 words
27 December 2025
The Times of India
TOI
English
(c) 2025 The Times of India Group 

2025 has cemented itself as the year of the "Tariff Wall." With India now facing a new landscape of protectionism from the West, and complicated energy issues developing in the global energy market, India's economic relationship with the world has been defined by a series of flashpoints.Although government officials say that India's external sector remains strong, a closer look at the numbers shows a complicated network that will shape the economy in 2026.From the corridors of Washington to the ports of Vladivostok, here is the state of India’s trade map.Trade Dynamics DecodedUS: Trump 2.0India’s “strategic partnership” with the United States is facing one of its most complex economic phases, even as political engagement remains publicly cordial.

 Government sources continue to underline Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s working relationship with US President Donald Trump as strong, but trade negotiations are not progressing swiftly amid tariff pressure, market-access demands, and immigration linkages. Currently, India faces tariffs of up to 50%, being in one of the highest set of tariffed countries.What began as a US push to narrow its trade deficit with India has gradually widened into a broader economic and geopolitical confrontation. While Washington initially framed tariffs as a response to trade imbalance, it soon became about India’s continued engagement with Russia, which has hardened the US negotiating posture.Trade Deficit: The original triggerThe US initially claimed its widening trade deficit with India as a key concern, arguing that India maintains relatively high tariffs on American goods and imposes restrictions that constrain US access to the Indian market. We "we have a massive trade deficit with India" Trump had said right before the initial 25 per cent tariffs came to effect in August.The Russia complexityIndia’s purchases of discounted Russian crude are no longer just a diplomatic irritant; they have become a direct economic pressure point in India–US trade talks.Indian officials have consistently defended Russian oil imports as essential for energy security and inflation management, especially amid global price volatility following the Ukraine war.However, under Trump’s 2nd term, Washington has explicitly linked India’s Russia trade to punitive economic measures, levying additional tariffs of up to 25 per cent (over the initial 25 per cent) on Indian exports to the US.This marks a clear shift:Earlier: Trade deficit and market access were the stated reasons for tariffsNow: Strategic alignment on Russia has become an unstated condition for trade flexibility.In effect, Russia has become the shadow looming in India–US trade talks.Immigration & trade roomTrade talks have become entangled with immigration policy with the H-1B visa fee increased to $100,000 and more stringent compliance requirements. H-1B and H-4 visa applicants have to face mandatory social media screening. It is anticipated that these changes will negatively affect India's largest & fastest growing means of supplying services to America: the IT industry, among other things.From New Delhi's perspective, professional mobility is an important aspect of the bilateral trade in services.Defence dealsIndia has expanded defence procurement from the US, positioning such deals as confidence-building measures. India and the US signed an expansive new defence framework aimed at strengthening their strategic partnership over the next decade, as reported last month. The ‘Framework for the US–India Major Defence Partnership’ was inked during a meeting between Defence Minister Rajnath Singh and his US counterpart, Pete Hegseth, on the sidelines of the ASEAN meet in Kuala Lumpur. "The framework will usher in a new era in our already strong defence partnership. It is a signal of our growing strategic convergence and will herald a new decade of partnership. Defence will remain the major pillar of our bilateral relations," said defence minister Rajnath Singh, while signing the deal.However, there has been no indication that such a deal would impact the trade deadlock between the two nations.Situation nowNegotiations remain open, but there is no major breakthrough. Tariffs, immigration, energy choices, and geopolitics are now part of a single negotiating matrix.Negotiations are happening with the commerce ministry and other officials indicating that a deal could happen soon but nothing concrete has been revealed yet. A formal round of talks was held earlier this month after previous rounds did not result in any key agreements.Mexico: The 50% shockA big shock came not from a superpower, but from Mexico. In a bid to stop Chinese trans-shipments from entering the US duty-free, Mexico imposed a blanket of up to 50% tariff hike on imports from non-FTA countries in December.ImpactThe hike hits 75% of India’s exports to Mexico, a market that has grown to over $5 billion. “Nearly 75% of India’s $5.75 billion exports to Mexico will be affected as tariffs jump from 0-15% to around 35%,” think-tank GTRI said.Mexico will impose duties ranging from 5% to 50%, with India’s largest export categories namely- automobiles and auto components—bearing the brunt.Passenger vehicles valued at $938.35 million will see tariffs rise from 20% to 35%, while auto components worth $507.26 million will face duties of 35%, up from the current 10–15%. Motorcycle exports, valued at $390.25 million, will also be hit with a 35% levy, ANI reported.Situation nowCommerce Ministry officials are currently in "urgent consultations" with Mexico City. The proposal on the table is a "Country-Specific Exemption" or a limited Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) to bypass the new wall.As India grapples with Mexico’s steep tariff hike of up to 50 per cent, an official said New Delhi is actively engaging with Mexican authorities, describing the move as a “unilateral” decision affecting a broad range of products. The official, quoted by PTI, added that discussions aim to identify mutually beneficial solutions while preserving the option to safeguard Indian exporters’ interests. European Union: The 'green wall'If US protectionism is loud, the European Union’s approach is technical—and arguably more challenging. Steel and aluminium shipments face fresh hurdles as the EU’s Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) moves toward full implementation from 2026, according to a Global Trade Research Initiative (GTRI) report. Initially covering steel, aluminium, cement, electricity, hydrogen, and fertilisers, CBAM is designed to align import carbon costs with those of EU-produced goods.Compliance challengesAlthough the tax has not yet been collected, Indian exports are already under pressure due to mandatory emissions reporting, introduced on October 1, 2023. Compliance difficulties, especially for small and mid-sized exporters, contributed to a 24.4 per cent drop in India’s steel and aluminium exports to the EU, falling from $7.71 billion in FY2024 to $5.82 billion in FY2025. Steel exports fell 35.1 per cent to $3.05 billion, while aluminium slipped nearly 10 per cent.CBAM adds to existing trade barriers, including safeguard quotas and anti-dumping duties. Meanwhile, India has its own Carbon Credit Trading Scheme (CCTS) as mandated by the amended Energy Conservation Act 2022 and is currently in the early stages of implementation. Given the anticipated low domestic carbon price (less than $10/tonne), when the CCTS becomes operational, this will create an additional burden on Indian exporters since they will still need to bridge the price gap with respect to the EU Emission Trading System at €65 (~$71)/tonne.Economic implicationsThe limitations of the CBAM exemption (the €150 per consignment shipment threshold and a de minimis allowance for imports <50 tonnes) were too restrictive to provide useful support for commercial consignments, according to a GTRI report. Among recommended policies include expediting the implementation of a Centralised Certificate of Origin system (CCTS), setting a clear set of sectoral benchmarks, subsidising reporting expenses for MSMEs, and developing a dedicated helpdesk for exporters. Without prompt measures to support the adoption of the CBAM, the EU's trade deficit with India will likely expand, and ongoing EU/India trade negotiations will become increasingly complicated.Situation nowCommerce Minister Piyush Goyal announced that negotiations for a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) between India and the European Union (EU) are progressing positively. There is already an outline of the FTA which was developed during Minister Goyal’s meeting with EU Commissioner Maros Sefcovic.Both parties have issued statements indicating their strong desire to conclude the FTA as soon as possible with the understanding that there are 23 different policy areas to be negotiated regarding this FTA. These include areas related to trade in goods and services, investment, and intellectual property rights; government procurement; geographical indications; and so forth. The EU is currently the biggest trade partner for India in terms of trade with goods, with total bilateral trade between these two economies amounting to $136.53 billion in 2024-2025, of which exports from India accounted for $75.85 billion and imports from the EU were recorded at $60.68 billion.If completed, the FTA should help increase India’s competitiveness in exporting products such as ready made garments, pharmaceuticals, steel, petroleum products, electrical machinery, and more, as well as provide India with an additional opportunity to respond to questions related to the carbon-border adjustment mechanism (CBAM) and other non-tariff trade barriers.FTAs announcedUnited Kingdom: A calibrated breakthroughThe India–UK Free Trade Agreement (FTA) signed in July this year, represents a structural shift in bilateral commerce rather than a headline-driven political bargain. Signed during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the UK in July.Greater access to UK marketsFor India, the agreement delivers substantial market access gains. Nearly 99 per cent of Indian exports will receive duty-free access to the UK, covering almost the entire trade value. Labour-intensive sectors such as textiles, leather, footwear, gems and jewellery, marine products, engineering goods, auto components, toys and organic chemicals are expected to benefit most, reinforcing employment generation and export diversification.On the import side, India has committed to tariff reductions across 90 per cent of tariff lines, with 85 per cent becoming fully tariff-free within ten years. This is expected to lower input costs for Indian industry, particularly in advanced machinery, medical devices, aerospace components and other capital goods that support domestic manufacturing and value-added production.The whisky and luxury cars concessionThe most visible element of the deal is the phased reduction in duties on Scotch whisky. Import tariffs will fall from 150 per cent to 75 per cent immediately, with a further reduction to 40 per cent over a ten-year implementation period. While this strengthens the competitive position of British whisky producers in India, the impact is concentrated in the premium and mid-premium segments and forms part of a broader tariff rationalisation that also covers automobiles (under a quota framework), cosmetics, soft drinks and specialised food products.The pact also paves the way for a sharp reduction in customs tariffs from levels above 100 per cent to as low as 10 per cent over time. The concessions primarily benefit ultra-luxury internal combustion engine vehicles from brands such as Jaguar and Land Rover, Rolls-Royce, Bentley and Aston Martin, with tariff cuts applied within a quota-based framework to protect domestic manufacturers. For large-engine petrol cars above 3,000 cc and diesel vehicles over 2,500 cc, duties will be progressively lowered to 10 per cent over 15 years under a quota that begins at 10,000 units and rises to 19,000 units by year five, while mid-sized and smaller cars will see similar phased reductions. Vehicles imported beyond these quotas will continue to attract steep tariffs, ensuring controlled market access while marking India’s first-ever auto tariff concession under an FTA.Services, mobility and cost reliefIn services, the FTA improves predictability and operating conditions for Indian firms in IT/ITeS, financial services, consulting and other professional services, alongside assurances on digital service delivery.A key commercial gain is the three-year waiver on social security contributions under the Double Contribution Convention for Indian professionals temporarily working in the UK, reducing costs for Indian service providers and enhancing their competitiveness. The agreement also facilitates smoother movement for defined business-linked categories — including contractual service suppliers, business visitors, investors, intra-corporate transferees and certain independent professionals — without altering overall migration policy.Business momentum buildsBusiness sentiment has shifted decisively following the signing of the pact. Grant Thornton’s International Business Report shows that 72 per cent of UK firms now view India as a priority market for international growth, up from 61 per cent last year. While only 28 per cent of surveyed UK companies currently operate in India, 73 per cent of those without a presence plan to enter, many within the next 12 months.Situation nowThe India–UK FTA has been signed, with British Prime Minister Keir Starmer pushing for implementation “as quickly as humanly possible.” While the pact now awaits ratification by the British Parliament, both governments are treating it as an execution-phase agreement rather than a negotiation-in-progress.Commercial momentum is building ahead of formal rollout, as UK firms are looking at India as a priority growth market.Simultaneously, Indian firms are also readying themselves for increased activity in their operations, despite the existing obstacles of regulatory complexity, foreign currency exchange controls and underdeveloped infrastructure.However, many believe that the pact will ultimately serve as a catalyst to reduce both barriers to entry and speed up the process of making business decisions. As soon as ratification has been completed, a significant increase in both trade and investment is anticipated.New Zealand: Duty-free access with a dairy red lineIndia and New Zealand finalised a landmark Free Trade Agreement (FTA) aimed at deepening bilateral economic ties and expanding trade, investment, and mobility. Duty-free accessThe most significant advantage of this FTA for Indian exporters is that their exports will now enjoy zero duties charged by New Zealand across nearly all products and across many sectors. Labour-intensive industries are not the only beneficiaries; there are also several manufacturing industries benefited by this FTA, including textiles, apparel, leather and footwear, engineering, automotive, electronics, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, and many more. A large focus of this agreement is also on services and mobility, whereby New Zealand has opened a total of 118 service sectors for Indian service providers and has also agreed to provide "Most Favoured Nation" treatment for 139 services sectors. In addition, Indian students will now be able to receive post-study work visas in New Zealand for up to four years, and skilled professionals will be able to apply for temporary employment and working holiday visas. Additionally, New Zealand has committed to invest $20 billion in India over a period of 15 years, with manufacturing, infrastructure, service provision, innovation, and job creation in focus. Another important area of focus for this FTA is Agricultural Cooperation and has provided for better access to New Zealand markets for Indian exports of fruits, vegetables, coffee, spices, and processed foods, while at the same time protecting sensitive industries, including dairy, sugar, oils, and precious metals.Signs of trouble?Despite the overall positive outlook, the FTA faced internal opposition in New Zealand. Foreign Affairs Minister Winston Peters of New Zealand First criticized the deal as “neither free nor fair,” arguing that it gives too much to India, particularly on immigration, while failing to adequately protect New Zealand’s key dairy exports. Peters expressed concern that the deal was rushed without securing a parliamentary majority for approval and highlighted that New Zealand First had already rejected it internally. He emphasized that the opposition was not directed at India but reflected differences within New Zealand’s coalition government. Peters also noted that New Zealand’s past FTA negotiations with other countries followed a more cautious and measured approach.Situation nowTrade relations between India and New Zealand remain relatively small in terms of the value of the merchandise traded (approximately $1.3 billion for FY 2024-25) as well as for total trade (approximately $2.4 billion). Approximately $1.24 billion of this total was related to services only. The agreement is anticipated to greatly increase opportunities for movement, trade, and investment, as well as potentially double the amount of bilateral trade within the next five years. It is expected that the FTA will have a positive impact on farmers, micro and small enterprises, workers, students and young people across many industries. Additionally, New Zealand will gain improved access to the 1.4 billion consumers in India through this FTA.Oman & the Gulf: The quiet successThe Middle East has emerged as one of India’s most dependable trade fronts. The India–Oman Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA), signed this month in Muscat, marks a significant win in New Delhi’s trade diversification efforts.Duty-free accessUnder the pact, Oman will eliminate duties on over 98 per cent of its tariff lines, covering more than 99 per cent of India’s exports by value. This provides immediate and meaningful relief to Indian exporters across labour-intensive sectors such as textiles, gems and jewellery, leather, engineering goods, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and automobiles, where import duties currently hover around 5%.Strategic gatewayThe Oman CEPA is explicitly expansionary, being positioned as a logistics and services hub at the mouth of the Gulf. It will provide India with greater access to GCC supply chains and a more diverse range of services and investment opportunities.In addition, through India's continuing commitment to more services, 100 per cent FDI access in Oman, and a more liberalised and enhanced mobility framework for Indian professionals, the CEPA continues to strengthen and deepen the relationship between Oman and India during a time when resilience and diversification are strategically important for both countries.Situation nowBilateral trade between India and Oman was approximately $10.5 billion in FY 2024–25, with Indian exports totalling about $4 billion to Oman and Indian imports totalling $6.54 billion from Oman. India is Oman’s third-largest export market of all GCC nations.Oman has approximately 700,000 Indians living in Oman sending nearly $2 billion remittances each year, and more than 6,000 Indian companies doing business in Oman. With CEPA anticipated to be in effect starting from Q1 of the next calendar year, this agreement further strengthens an already strong bilateral trade relationship between the two countries due to both volume and population factors.Improving ties– but imbalances lingerRussia: The imbalanced structureThe India-Russia energy corridor continues to defy Western pressure but faces a crippling internal contradiction: a massive trade imbalance.The numbersBilateral trade between India and Russia has expanded sharply as both sides work toward a $100 billion trade target by 2030, but the relationship remains heavily skewed. In fiscal year 2024–25, India’s imports from Russia — dominated by crude oil and petroleum products — stood at roughly $63.8 billion, while Indian exports to Russia were only about $4.9 billion.Oil dependencyIndia remains heavily reliant on Russian crude oil, despite Western sanctions. In November 2025, India imported 1.77 million barrels per day (bpd) from Russia, which was a 3.4% increase over October. According to estimates, the amount of oil imported from Russia in December 2025 could reach as much as 1.5 million bpd by the end of the month, due to the high expected volumes in December exceeding 1.2 million bpd.As a result of the low prices being offered by Russia`s non-sanctioned companies to their clients in India; refiners purchasing these crude oils have displayed great interest in procuring Russian crude oil at these low prices. While some of the state-owned refiners - Indian Oil Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corps till today still continue buying Russian crude oil by utilizing the lower prices being offered by the non-sanctioned Russian oil producers; private refiners such as Nayara Energy have continued to purchase Russian oil.These imports have complicated India–US trade negotiations, as the Trump administration has linked tariffs to India’s energy dealings with Russia. Russian producers are using domestic swaps to ensure India continues to receive crude without breaching sanctions.Situation nowThe trend of growing bilateral trade between India and Russia is evident but lopsided. Imports from Russia surged from $5.94 billion in 2020 to $64.24 billion in 2024, led by crude oil. Crude oil has driven this increase and is now the highest proportion of the goods flowing from Russia to India.New Delhi has identified nearly 300 high-potential products, spanning engineering goods, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, agriculture, textiles, and light engineering, that could help narrow the gap. Currently India’s share of Russia’s overall imports is only 2%-3%, with particular areas of strong growth potential for India in pharmaceuticals, engineering products and agri-foods. For example, India is exporting approximately $546 million in pharmaceuticals, however, Russia's current import demand for pharmaceuticals is $9.7 billion.The bilateral trade agenda gained further momentum during President Vladimir Putin’s December visit to India, which reinforced energy and strategic cooperation while emphasising the $100 billion trade target by 2030.China: Headline gains, underlying volatilityIndia’s exports to China grew tremendously in November, with an overall growth of approximately $2.2 billion, or roughly 90 per cent from October, but there continues to be a significant level of volatility of trade relations. From April through November, India had an overall increase of approximately 33 per cent ($12.2 billion compared to $9.3 billion), however, the overall growth was concentrated within a few categories. The largest increases included Naphtha and some electronics including Printed Circuit Boards & Mobile Phone Components. However, several other major items such as Iron Ore and Shrimp have exhibited fluctuating trends based solely on the demand from China and not based on a well-planned export strategy from India.Heavy import dependenceNearly 80 per cent of India's imports from China consist of machinery, plastics, organic chemicals and electronics and the electronics sector alone made up $38 billion worth of imports for the period January through October. The largest component of the electronics sector was mobile phone components, integrated circuits, laptops, solar modules, lithium-ion batteries and memory chips. Machinery was the second largest import (at $25.9 billion) and the remaining import categories of organic chemicals ($11.5 billion) and plastics ($6.3 billion) made up the additional 20%.WTO disputeAmid the seemingly improving ties, came a hurdle that could signal trouble in ties.China has approached the WTO over India’s tariffs and subsidies on solar cells, solar modules, and information technology products. China claims that India is giving preferential treatment to domestic manufacturing and discriminates against Chinese products.On the other hand, India recently implemented anti-dumping tariffs on certain products of Chinese origin, including cold-rolled steel, in addition to India’s ongoing plans to offer incentives for electric vehicles and battery manufacturing.Situation nowIndia’s trade deficit with China continues to widen, with an anticipated $106 billion gap in 2025, but estimates from China predict an even larger gap of $115 billion. The disparity arises mainly from the disproportionate growth rate of Indian exports, which increased by only 17.5 billion dollars, versus a tremendous increase in imports to 123.5 billion dollars that create an outsize discrepancy in India–China trading activity.Divergences between Indian and Chinese trade figures suggest that import records from one country may not reflect actual purchases by that country, implying potential under-invoicing practices. Overall, the current standing reflects a situation of narrow export gains, heavy import reliance, and structural imbalance.2026 outlookThe data and negotiations of 2025 suggest that India’s trade strategy in 2026 will be defined less by new headline agreements and more by execution, insulation, and selective engagement. The resurgence of tariffs as a tool amongst global economies indicates that India is trading in a fragmented global trading system whereby bilateral arrangements are becoming more important than multilateral norms.The immediate priority will be to operationalise the agreements recently concluded with Oman and the UK that are aimed at achieving measurable positive export outcomes through the implementation of tariff concessions, services access and mobility provisions. These agreements will provide stabilisation to India's largest export markets in an era of volatility.Simultaneously, the unresolved tariff exposures on the US and Mexico with respect to trade actions being driven recently by national security, nearshoring or political considerations rather than the traditional deficit arguments, creates a likelihood of engagement being tactical and focused on exemptions and carve outs or temporary relief rather than full trade reset of those markets.Taken together, 2026 is shaping up as a year of trade diversification, where success will be measured by India’s ability to defend market access, absorb regulatory shocks, and extract value from agreements already signed, in a world where trade openness is increasingly conditional and transactional.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

Document TOI0000020251226elcr000hn


PODER EJECUTIVO SECRETARIA DE ECONOMIA

44,225 words
26 December 2025
Diario Oficial de la Federación - Mexico
DIMEX
Spanish
Diario Oficial de la Federación (DOF) 

RESOLUCIÓN por la que se acepta la solicitud de parte interesada y se declara el inicio del procedimiento administrativo de investigación antidumping sobre las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de la República Popular China, independientemente

RESOLUCIÓN por la que se acepta la solicitud de parte interesada y se declara el inicio del procedimiento administrativo de investigación antidumping sobre las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de la República Popular China, independientemente del país de procedencia.

Al margen un sello con el Escudo Nacional, que dice: Estados Unidos Mexicanos.- Secretaría de Economía.

RESOLUCIÓN POR LA QUE SE ACEPTA LA SOLICITUD DE PARTE INTERESADA Y SE DECLARA EL INICIO DEL PROCEDIMIENTO ADMINISTRATIVO DE INVESTIGACIÓN ANTIDUMPING SOBRE LAS IMPORTACIONES DE LÁMINA ACRÍLICA ORIGINARIAS DE LA REPÚBLICA POPULAR CHINA, INDEPENDIENTEMENTE DEL PAÍS DE PROCEDENCIA Visto para resolver en la etapa de inicio el expediente administrativo AD_22-25 radicado en la Unidad de Prácticas Comerciales Internacionales de la Secretaría de Economía, en adelante la Secretaría, se emite la presente Resolución de conformidad con los siguientes RESULTANDOS

A. Solicitud 1. El 9 de julio de 2025, Plastiglas de México, S.A. de C.V., en adelante Plastiglas o la Solicitante, presentó la solicitud de inicio del procedimiento administrativo de investigación por prácticas desleales de comercio internacional, en su modalidad de discriminación de precios, sobre las importaciones definitivas y temporales de lámina acrílica, originarias de la República Popular China, en adelante China, independientemente del país de procedencia. 2. La Solicitante manifestó que durante el periodo analizado se registró un incremento importante en las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, el cual se debió a los márgenes de discriminación de precios superiores a los de minimis, y los significativos márgenes de subvaloración con respecto a los precios nacionales, la participación que registraron en el Consumo Nacional Aparente, en adelante CNA, el consumo interno y la producción nacional, mismos que causaron daño material a la rama de producción nacional con afectaciones en sus indicadores económicos y financieros y ocasionó, a su vez, una caída en los ingresos por ventas al mercado interno, utilidad de operación y margen operativo. 3. Propuso como periodo investigado el comprendido del 1 de abril de 2024 al 31 de marzo de 2025, y como periodo de análisis de daño el comprendido del 1 de abril de 2022 al 31 de marzo de 2025. Presentó argumentos y pruebas con objeto de sustentar su solicitud de investigación, los cuales constan en el expediente administrativo y fueron considerados para la emisión de la presente Resolución. B. Solicitante 4. Plastiglas es una empresa constituida conforme a las leyes mexicanas. Entre sus principales actividades se encuentra la fabricación de láminas acrílicas y de plástico, tanto termofijas, como termoplásticas, rellenas con diversos materiales o sin relleno. Señaló como domicilio para recibir notificaciones el ubicado en Monte Cáucaso No. 915, Interior. 305, Col. Lomas de Chapultepec, C.P. 11000, Ciudad de México. C. Producto objeto de investigación 1. Descripción general 5. La Solicitante indicó que el producto objeto de investigación es la lámina acrílica producida con resina de metacrilato de metilo, en adelante MMA, con un contenido de resina de MMA mayor a 50% en peso. 6. Plastiglas señaló que las láminas acrílicas, son materiales termoplásticos durables, ligeros y de elevada transparencia, que imitan la transparencia del vidrio a la vez que son significativamente más resistentes a los impactos, a la intemperie y a los rayos ultravioleta (UV), además, soportan temperaturas extremas, lo que las hace aptas para uso tanto en interiores como en exteriores. Agregó que son fáciles de transformar, lo que permite cortarlas, perforarlas y moldearlas en diversas formas y tamaños, pueden ser transparentes o estar disponibles en una amplia gama de colores, espesores o con acabados diversos. 7. El nombre genérico y comercial del producto objeto de investigación es lámina acrílica, aunque también se le conoce como placa, panel u hoja acrílica. Se comercializa en piezas y puede fabricarse en diferentes tamaños y espesores. A pesar de que el consumidor final las consume por pieza, la unidad de medida comercial es el kilogramo, en adelante kg.

Fuente: https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/Colourful-Cast-Acrylic-Sheet-pd40749584.html y https://www.weprofab.com/extruded acrylic-sheets/ 2. Características 8. Plastiglas señaló que la lámina acrílica se elabora principalmente con resina de MMA, que es su principal insumo. La lámina acrílica puede ser transparente o de color, además tener distintos acabados como mate o esmerilado, entre otros; para lograr estos colores y acabados se utilizan películas, pigmentos y aditivos. 9. La Solicitante manifestó que el producto objeto de investigación se comercializa en formas planas rígidas con diferentes tamaños y espesores, por ejemplo, los formatos estándar más comunes son de 1220 milímetros, en adelante mm x 2440 mm o 2050 mm x 3050 mm, con diferentes espesores que pueden ir entre 1.5 mm a 100 mm. Agregó que estas medidas pueden variar y ajustarse según el fabricante, así como las necesidades del cliente. 10. Para sustentar las características del producto objeto de investigación Plastiglas, proporcionó lo siguiente: i) fotografías y páginas de Internet de láminas acrílicas de color y transparentes de las empresas chinas Changzhou Huisu Qinye Plastic Group, en adelante Changzhou Huisu Qinye Plastic; Jumei Acrylic Manufacturing, Co., Ltd., en adelante Jumei Acrylic Manufacturing; Zhejiang Huasu Acrylic Technology, Co., Ltd., en adelante Zhejiang Huasi Acrylic Technology; Qingdao Be-win Industrial & Trade, Co., Ltd., en adelante Qingdao Be-win Industrial & Trade; UVACRYLIC Technology, Co., Ltd., en adelante UVACRYLIC y WeProFab; ii) descripciones, fichas técnicas y fotografías de láminas acrílicas de las empresas chinas Jinan Jinbao Plastic, Co., Ltd., en adelante Jinan Jinbao Plastic, y Changzhou Huisu Qinye Import & Export, Co., Ltd., en adelante Changzhou Huisu Qinye Import & Export; y iii) información de la empresa china Jinan Alands Plastic, Co., Ltd., en adelante Jinan Alands Plastic, consultada en la plataforma de comercio global Alibaba. 3. Tratamiento arancelario 11. La Solicitante indicó que el producto objeto de investigación ingresa al mercado nacional por las fracciones arancelarias de la Tarifa de la Ley de los Impuestos Generales de Importación y de Exportación, en adelante TIGIE, 3920.51.01, con Número de Identificación Comercial, en adelante NICO, 00, y 3920.59.99, NICO 99, cuya descripción es la siguiente: 12. De acuerdo con el "Decreto por el que se expide la Ley de los Impuestos Generales de Importación y de Exportación", en adelante Decreto LIGIE 2022, y el "Acuerdo por el que se dan a conocer los Números de Identificación Comercial (NICO) y sus tablas de correlación", en adelante Acuerdo NICO 2022, publicados en el Diario Oficial de la Federación, en adelante DOF, el 7 de junio y el 22 de agosto de 2022, respectivamente, la descripción de las fracciones arancelarias por las cuales se clasifica el producto objeto de investigación es la siguiente: Codificación arancelaria

Descripción

Capítulo 39 Plástico y sus manufacturas Partida 39.20 Las demás placas, láminas, hojas y tiras, de plástico no celular y sin refuerzo, estratificación ni soporte o combinación similar con otras materias.   - De polímeros acrílicos: Subpartida 3920.51 -- De polímeros acrílicos. Fracción 3920.51.01 De poli(metacrilato de metilo). NICO 00 De poli(metacrilato de metilo). Subpartida 3920.59 -- Las demás. Fracción 3920.59.99 Las demás. NICO 99 Las demás. Fuente: Decreto LIGIE 2022 y Acuerdo NICO 2022. 13. De acuerdo con el Decreto LIGIE 2022, las importaciones que ingresan a través de las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE no se encuentran sujetas al pago de arancel. 14. Conforme al "Decreto por el que se modifica la Tarifa de la Ley de los Impuestos Generales de Importación y de Exportación", publicado en el DOF el 22 de abril de 2024, las importaciones que ingresan a través de la fracción arancelaria 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE se encuentran sujetas al pago de un arancel temporal de 35%, aplicable a partir del 23 de abril de 2024, con una vigencia de dos años. Asimismo, en el décimo tercer párrafo de los considerandos de dicho Decreto se establece que acorde con el derecho internacional, la importación de mercancías originarias de los países con los que México tiene celebrado un tratado en materia comercial, de cubrir los requisitos establecidos en los mismos, se realizará bajo el trato arancelario preferencial de mercancías originarias previsto en el instrumento internacional que corresponda. 15. La unidad de medida para la lámina acrílica establecida en la TIGIE, así como en las operaciones comerciales, es el kg. 4. Proceso productivo 16. La Solicitante manifestó que el principal insumo utilizado en la fabricación del producto objeto de investigación y de fabricación nacional es la resina de MMA, que es un compuesto químico de fórmula C5H8O2, que al mezclarse con un catalizador crea un polímero de MMA, en adelante PMMA, adicionalmente, se utilizan otros insumos como películas, pigmentos, aditivos y colorantes. 17. Plastiglas señaló que existen tres tipos de procesos de producción para fabricar lámina acrílica y que, si bien existen ciertas diferencias entre ellos, parten del insumo principal MMA, por lo que el producto que se obtiene con cada uno de ellos es esencialmente el mismo. A continuación, se describen las principales etapas de cada proceso productivo: a. Proceso de extrusión a.     Carga de pellets PMMA (provenientes del MMA). Se utilizan gránulos o pellets de PMMA ya polimerizados, derivados del MMA. Los pellets se cargan en la tolva de alimentación de la extrusora; puede incluirse aditivos (como colorantes o estabilizantes UV) directamente en la tolva o mediante dosificadores automáticos. b.    Fusión y mezcla de extrusora. Dentro del barril de la extrusora, un tornillo sinfín gira y transporta el material; se aplica calor en zonas controladas (normalmente entre 200-250 °C), lo que funde el PMMA; la acción mecánica del tornillo también mezcla y homogeneiza el material fundido, asegurando una masa uniforme y libre de burbujas. c.     Extrusión a través de boquilla plana (dado). El material fundido se forza a salir a través de una boquilla plana (o dado) que le da la forma inicial de lámina; el dado define el ancho y perfil de la lámina, ajustando también el caudal del flujo para mantener la uniformidad del espesor. d.    Calandrado (rodillos de espesor). La lámina fundida pasa por un sistema de rodillos calandradores que ajustan con precisión el espesor y planicidad. Los rodillos pueden estar calentados o enfriados para ayudar al control térmico y la textura superficial. e.     Enfriamiento controlado. La lámina pasa por una zona de enfriamiento progresivo, normalmente mediante rodillos refrigerados o túneles de aire; esto permite solidificar completamente el material y evitar tensiones internas o deformaciones. f.     Inspección de calidad. Se verifica la uniformidad del espesor, planitud, transparencia y ausencia de defectos como rayas, burbujas o impurezas; puede incluir sistemas automáticos de inspección óptica en línea. g.    Aplicación de película protectora. Se aplica una película adhesiva en ambas caras de la lámina para protegerla de rayaduras durante el transporte y procesamiento posterior. h.    Corte y embalaje. La lámina se corta a las dimensiones comerciales o personalizadas mediante cuchillas o sierras automáticas, luego se apilan, embalan y colocan en pallets, listas para distribución. b. Proceso cell cast (fundido en molde entre vidrios) a.     Preparación del monómero. Se utiliza MMA líquido como base, se añaden iniciadores y, si se requiere, colorantes o aditivos UV; la mezcla se agita para asegurar una reacción homogénea. b.    Montaje del molde. Se utilizan dos placas de vidrio como superficies del molde, se colocan sellos de goma, neopreno o policloruro de vinilo, en adelante PVC, para crear el marco perimetral y definir el espesor, el molde se cierra herméticamente con clips o prensas tipo pinzas. c.     Vertido de la mezcla líquida. La mezcla de MMA se vierte lentamente dentro del molde. d.    Polimerización térmica. El molde lleno se introduce en hornos o tinas de curado, se aplica un ciclo térmico controlado (entre 8 a 24 horas), la temperatura se incrementa gradualmente para iniciar y completar la polimerización (formación del PMMA sólido). e.     Desmoldeo (retiro de vidrios). Después de enfriarse, se retiran cuidadosamente los vidrios y se elimina el sello perimetral para liberar la lámina. f.     Inspección de calidad. Se revisa la lámina contra luz para detectar burbujas, rayaduras, impurezas o deformaciones y se mide el espesor para verificar la planicidad. g.    Aplicación de película protectora. Se coloca una película adhesiva plástica en ambas caras para evitar rayaduras durante el manejo y corte. h.    Corte y embalaje. La lámina se corta al formato comercial y se embalan las láminas en pallets protegidos para transporte y almacenamiento. c. Proceso continous cast (colada continua) a.     El proceso productivo comienza con el PMMA líquido que se vierte, de manera continua, entre dos bandas de acero inoxidable pulido, al final del proceso, la lámina se corta, una vez terminado este proceso, se da el acabado final a las láminas, lijando los bordes para asegurar que la lámina quede lisa, y puliéndola para crear un aspecto brillante. Plastiglas señaló que este proceso es el menos utilizado en la industria y su participación en la producción global de lámina de acrílico es muy pequeña. Agregó que en México ni en China se ha identificado este método de producción, sin embargo, se utiliza en otros países y regiones del mundo. 18. Para sustentar los procesos productivos, la Solicitante presentó información y videos sobre el proceso cell cast de las empresas chinas Jumei Acrylic Manufacturinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v12guMEMdRk y Jinan Jinbao Plastic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nizYmmcxes, así como del proceso de extrusión de la empresa Suzhou Jwell Machinery, Co., Ltd., en adelante Suzhou Jwell Machinery https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGxJXbBuef8 y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcz6nutnJlQ. Para sustentar el proceso continuo cast presentó información de la empresa estadounidense Emco Industrial Plastics, Inc., en adelante Emco, https://www.emcoplastics.com/continuous-cast-acrylic/. 5. Normas 19. La Solicitante manifestó que, si bien no existen normas de cumplimiento obligatorio para la fabricación de lámina acrílica, existen normas o estándares de referencia. De acuerdo con la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, la Secretaría observó que los estándares actualizados son los siguientes: a.     De la Sociedad Estadounidense para Pruebas y Materiales, ASTM por las siglas en inglés de American Society for Testing and Materials: ASTM D4802-16 "Standard Specification for Poly(Methyl Methacrylate) Acrylic Plastic Sheet" (Especificación estándar para lámina de plástico acrílico poli(metacrilato de metilo); sin embargo, esta fue sustituida por la ASTM D4802-16R24, actualizada y vigente desde 2024; ASTM D883-22 "Standard Terminology Relating to Plastics" (Terminología estándar relacionada a plásticos); sin embargo, esta fue sustituida por la ASTM D883-25A actualizada y vigente desde 2025. b.    De la Organización Internacional de Normalización, ISO por las siglas en inglés de International Organization for Standardization: ISO 9001:2015 "Quality management systems - Requirements" (Sistemas de gestión de la calidad - Requisitos), actualizada y vigente desde 2021; ISO 7823-1 "Plastics - Poly(methyl methacrylate) sheets - Types, dimensions and characteristics -) Part 1: Cast sheets" (Plásticos - Láminas de poli(metilmetacrilato) - Tipos, dimensiones y características - Parte 1: Láminas fundidas); ISO 7823-2 "Plastics - Poly(methyl methacrylate) sheets ¯ Types, dimensions and characteristics -) Part 2: Extruded sheets" (Plásticos - Láminas de poli(metacrilato de metilo) - Tipos, dimensiones y características - Parte 2: Láminas extruidas), revisadas y vigentes desde 2003, e ISO 7823-3 "Plastics - Poly(methyl methacrylate) sheets - Types, dimensions and characteristics -) Part 3: Continous cast sheets" (Plásticos - Láminas de poli(metacrilato de metilo) - Tipos, dimensiones y características - Parte 3: Láminas de colada continua), actualizada y vigente desde 2021, consultables en las páginas de Internet https://www.iso.org/standard/33450.html, https://www.iso.org/standard/28757.html y https://www.iso.org/standard/82324.html. c.     Para sustentar lo anterior, proporcionó el soporte documental de dichos estándares. 6. Usos y funciones 20. Plastiglas manifestó que el producto objeto de investigación se utiliza en productos de consumo final o como insumo en diferentes industrias y actividades económicas como publicidad, construcción, automotriz, salud y comercio, por ejemplo, en la señalización y publicidad para interiores y exteriores como letreros, displays, anuncios luminosos, exhibidores, estanterías; en la industria de la construcción como domos, barandales, ventanas y fachadas, guardas de protección, paneles de protección en mostradores o lugares de atención al público, barreras sanitarias y capelos; en la industria automotriz como componentes interiores, y en la industria médica como mobiliario, decoración y productos de protección, entre otros. Para sustentarlo presentó: a.     Cuadro con las características físicas y especificaciones, forma y dimensiones, composición química y usos de las láminas acrílicas de China, fotografías y páginas de Internet de láminas acrílicas de color y transparentes de seis compañías chinas: Changzhou Huisu Qinye Plastic https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/Colourful Cast-Acrylic-Sheet-pd40749584.html y https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/EXTRUDED-CLEAR-ACRYLIC-SHEET-pd46456484.html, Jumei Acrylic Manufacturinghttps://www.jumeiacrylic.com/Clear-acrylic-sheet/clear-cast-acrylic-sheet y https://www.jumeiacrylic.com/Tinted-colors-acrylic-sheet/tinted-colors-acrylic-sheet, Zhejiang Huasu Acrylic Technology https://www.walglasplastics.com/acrylic-sheet/cast-acrylic-sheet/acrylic-block.html y https://www.walglasplastics.com/acrylic-sheet/cast-acrylic-sheet/color-acrylic-sheet.html, y Qingdao Be-win Industrial & Trade https://www.bewinplastics.com/grade-a-color-cast-acrylic-sheet.html, UVACRYLIC, https://uvacrylic.com/plexiglass/clear-acrylic-sheet/ y WeProFab https://www.weprofab.com/extruded-acrylic-sheets/. b.    Descripciones, fichas técnicas y fotografías de láminas acrílicas de las empresas chinas Jinan Jinbao Plastic, y Changzhou Huisu Qinye Import & Export, consultadas en las páginas de Internet https://es.jinbaoplastic.com/JINBAO-Personaliza-la-lámina-acrílica-transparente-fundida-de-alta-calidad-pd49444792.html y https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/Acrylic-Sheet-pd44373684.html, respectivamente. c.     Información de la empresa china Jinan Alands Plastic relacionada con las láminas acrílicas que comercializa, de la plataforma de comercio global Alibaba. D. Posibles partes interesadas 21. Las partes de las cuales la Secretaría tiene conocimiento y que podrían tener interés en comparecer a la presente investigación, son las siguientes: 1. Productoras nacionales Acrílicos Newton, S.A. de C.V. Fermín Riestra No.1557 Col. Moderna C.P. 44190, Guadalajara, Jalisco Plaskolite, S. de R.L. de C.V. Poniente 2 No. 17 Fracc. Ciudad Industrial C.P. 87499, Matamoros, Tamaulipas Plásticos Especiales Garen, S.A. de C.V. Carril Norte No. 7B Ciudad Industrial Xicoténcatl C.P. 90434, Tetla, Tlaxcala 2. Importadoras Abastecedora de Acrílicos y Derivados, S.A. de C.V. Aureliano Ramos No. 3613 Col. Hidalgo C.P. 64290, Monterrey, Nuevo León Acce Import Export, S. de R.L. de C.V. Herrerías No. 12807, local 206 Col. 20 de Noviembre C.P. 22100, Tijuana, Baja California Acrílicos de Calidad Garba, S.A. de C.V. Av. Belisario Domínguez No. 2581 Col. La Esperanza C.P. 44300, Guadalajara, Jalisco Acrílicos Plastitec, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Tultitlán Oriente No. 27 A Barrio Santiaguito C.P. 54900, Tultitlán, Estado de México Acrylic Idea Factory, S.A. de C.V. Pérez Rocha No. 9 Parque Industrial de Nogales C.P. 84080, Nogales, Sonora Acuario Michin Ciudad de México, S.A. de C.V. Calz. San Juan de Aragón No. 399 Col. Granjas Modernas C.P. 07460, Ciudad de México Administradores de Maquila, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. Álvaro Obregón No. 1772 Col. Moderna C.P. 84055, Nogales, Sonora Allseas Marine Contractors, S.A. Bosque de Ciruelos No. 101-180 Col. Bosque de las Lomas C.P. 11700, Ciudad de México Aluprint, S. de R.L. de C.V. Eje 120 No. 320 Zona Industrial C.P. 78395, San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí América Links de México, S.A. de C.V. Volcán Quinceo No. 103 Col. Miramar C.P. 45060, Zapopan, Jalisco Arrk México, S.A. de C.V. Calle Siete Sur No. 9057-1 Ciudad Industrial C.P. 22444, Tijuana, Baja California AS Maquila México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Calz. Vía Morelos No. 303 Pueblo Santa Clara Coatitla C.P. 55540, Ecatepec de Morelos, Estado de México Automatización Industrial Luan, S.A. de C.V. Ámsterdam No. 404-124 Col. Hipódromo C.P. 06100, Ciudad de México Avance y Tecnología en Plásticos, S.A. de C.V. Washington No. 3701, Edificio 48 Complejo Industrial las Américas C.P. 31114, Chihuahua, Chihuahua Baja Resource Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. Manuel J. Clouthier No.116 Col. Campestre Murua C.P. 22455, Tijuana, Baja California Balsas División Dental, S.A. de C.V. Tajín No. 110 Col. Narvarte Poniente C.P.03020, Ciudad de México Becton Dickinson Infusion Therapy Systems Inc., S.A. de C.V. Periférico Luis Donaldo Colosio No. 579 Col. Obrera C.P. 84048, Nogales, Sonora Benchmark Electronics de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Circuito San Jorge No. 3538, Interior 9 Parque Industrial Prologis Arrayanes C.P. 45678, Tlajomulco de Zúñiga, Jalisco BH Consultores Logísticos, S.A. de C.V. Campo Moralillo No. 158, piso 1 Col. Reynosa Tamaulipas C.P. 02200, Ciudad de México Blackreach Manufacturing Corporation, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. FINSA No.1621 Parque Industrial FINSA C.P. 67132, Guadalupe, Nuevo León Bode-Vidrio, S.A. de C.V. Calz. de los Chinacos No. 609 Col. San Gabriel 1a. Sección C.P. 36640, Irapuato, Guanajuato Borr Drilling Contracting, S. de R.L. de C.V. Bosque de Ciruelos No. 101-180 Col. Bosque de las Lomas C.P. 11700, Ciudad de México Bussmann, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. Real de Mayorazgo No.130 Col. Xoco C.P. 03330, Ciudad de México Cal Mil de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. Paseo Reforma No. 8950 Col. Rubio C.P. 22116, Tijuana, Baja California Castlight de México, S.A. de C.V. Calle Poniente No. 2 Fracc. Ciudad Industrial C.P. 87499, Matamoros, Tamaulipas Cellmark Paper, S.A. de C.V. Av. Insurgentes Sur No. 2375, piso 6 Col. San Ángel C.P. 01000, Ciudad de México Celupal Internacional, S. de R.L. de C.V. Calle 3 No. 53 Zona Industrial Naucalpan C.P. 53370, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México Centro Logístico Vital CLV, S.A. de C.V. San Martín Texmelucan No. 76 Col. La Paz C.P. 72160, Puebla, Puebla Comercializadora Aristal, S.A. de C.V. Av. San Antonio No. 8-144 Barrio de la Concepción C.P. 54900, Tultitlán, Estado de México Comercializadora Importadora Pakal, S.A. de C.V. Novelistas No. 12 Col. Purísima Atlazolpa C.P. 09429, Ciudad de México Comercializadora Puente Dos, S.A. de C.V. Leandro Valle Nuevo No. 204 Col. Centro C.P. 88000, Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas Comercializadora Repsfe, S. de R.L. de C.V. Río Po No. 43, Interior 105 Col. Cuauhtémoc C.P. 06500, Ciudad de México Comercializadora Universal Kimu, S.A. de C.V. Calle 20 No. 43C Col. México Norte C.P. 97128, Mérida, Yucatán Comercializadora Vistrain-González, S.A. de C.V. Av. Jorge Jiménez Cantú mz. 002, piso 3, oficina 303 Fracc. Hacienda del Valle Escondido C.P. 52937, Atizapán, Estado de México Confecciones Zuri, S.A. de C.V. Guanábana No. 242 B Col. Nueva Santa María C.P. 02800, Ciudad de México Controles Temex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Módulo Industrial América Lote 15 S/N Parque Módulo Industrial Américas C.P. 88277, Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas Coral Novedades, S.A. de C.V. Vid No. 148 B Col. Nueva Santa María C.P. 02800, Ciudad de México Corporación Coral, S. de R.L. de C.V. Calle E No. 20 Col. Cervecera Modelo C.P. 53330, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México Corporativo Delasis, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mimosas No. 152 Col. Santa María Insurgentes C.P. 06430, Ciudad de México CristaGGT de México, S.A. de C.V. Av. 6 Norte Oriente No. 100 Barrio San Jacinto C.P. 29000, Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas Desoflex, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Calle Volcán Cofre de Perote No. 4116 Col. El Colli Urbano C.P. 45070, Zapopan, Jalisco Dimensión Espacio, S.A. de C.V. Av. Morelos No. 80 Zona Industrial Alce Blanco C.P. 53370, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México Distribuidora Vessel, S. de R.L. de C.V. Beethoven No. 101 Col. Del Trabajo C.P. 20180, Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes Electromag, S.A. de C.V. Calle San Luis Tlatilco No. 30 Parque Industrial Naucalpan C.P. 53489, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México Emcar, S.A. de C.V. Zaragoza Norte No. 214 Col. Monterrey Centro C.P. 64000, Monterrey, Nuevo León Ensambles del Pacífico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Blvd. Francisco Zarco No. 6201 Fracc. Lomas del Mar C.P. 22564, Tijuana, Baja California Eximics México, S.A. de C.V. General Mariano Escobedo No. 550, piso 7 Col. Anzures C.P. 11590, Ciudad de México Fabricación y Manufacturas de México, S.A. de C.V. Maquiladoras No. 1387 Zona Industrial C.P. 22444, Tijuana, Baja California Formica de México, S.A. de C.V. Av. Michoacán No. 20, módulo 10 Col. Renovación C.P. 09209, Ciudad de México F8 Insumos, S.A. de C.V. Revolución No. 65 Col. La Romana C.P. 54030, Tlalnepantla de Baz, Estado de México GAB Comercializadora Supplies Electronics, S.A. de C.V. Ámsterdam No. 404-124 Col. Hipódromo C.P. 06100, Ciudad de México Galería Enmarque, S.A. de C.V. Residencial Chiluca No. 3 Fracc. Residencial Chiluca C.P. 52930, Atizapán de Zaragoza, Estado de México GBTL México, S.A. de C.V. Circuito Ingenieros No. 62 Fracc. Ciudad Satélite C.P. 53100, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México GPV Américas México, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Carretera al CUCBA No. 175 Pueblo Nextipac C.P. 45220, Zapopan, Jalisco Grupo Aduanal Sialt, S.A.S. de C.V. Faisán No. 9 Fracc. Rinconada de Aragón C.P. 55140, Ecatepec de Morelos, Estado de México Grupo Dekko México, S.A. de C.V. Henequén No. 1107 Desarrollo Salvarcar (Centro de Distrito) C.P. 32573, Juárez, Chihuahua Grupo Logístico Ek Chuah, S.A. de C.V. Calle 81a No. 731 Col. Sambulá C.P. 97250, Mérida, Yucatán Gucci Importaciones, S.A. de C.V. Ejército Nacional No. 676, piso 6 Col. Polanco III Sección C.P. 11540, Ciudad de México H Almacén Castillo e Hijos, S.A. de C.V. Calle 41 No. 58 Col. General Ignacio Zaragoza C.P. 15000, Ciudad de México Holdin Gains, S.A. de C.V. Anastasio Bustamante No. 1136 Col. Bella Vista C.P. 64410, Monterrey, Nuevo León Hoymiles Power Electronics México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Innovación No. 101 Zona Industrial VYNMSA Apodaca Industrial Park C.P. 66628, Apodaca, Nuevo León Hunter Douglas de México, S.A. de C.V. Av. Gustavo Baz No. 166 A Col. La Escuela C.P. 54090, Tlalnepantla de Baz, Estado de México Hyundai de México, S.A. de C.V. La Encantada No. 7474 Zona Industrial C.P. 22244, Tijuana, Baja California Imprime Ya DPS, S.A. de C.V. Felipe Neri No. 43 Col. San Sebastián Tecoloxtitla C.P. 09520, Ciudad de México Industrias Electrónicas Pacífico, S.A. de C.V. Nueve Sur No. 106 Ciudad Industrial C.P. 22444, Tijuana, Baja California Inpuve, S.A. de C.V. Carretera Pesquería No. 150 A Col. Santa María la Floreña C.P. 66680, Pesquería, Nuevo León Insumos Fia, S. de R.L. de C.V. Marcelino Dávalos No. 47 Col. Algarín C.P. 06880, Ciudad de México Interforest, S.A. de C.V. Distribuidor Vial Fray Junípero Serra km 20.5 Col. El Salitre C.P. 76127, Querétaro, Querétaro Interline Distribuciones, S.A. de C.V. Francisco I. Madero No. 972-1 Col. Centro C.P. 27000, Torreón, Coahuila Internacional de Plásticos Distribución y Manufactura, S.A. de C.V. José Alvarado No. 1427 Col. Buenos Aires C.P. 64800, Monterrey, Nuevo León Investat, S.A. de C.V. Av. Manuel M. Ponce No. 255, piso 3 Col. Guadalupe Inn C.P. 01020, Ciudad de México Invisibles Systems México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Augusto Rodin No. 52 Col. Nápoles C.P. 03810, Ciudad de México Jones Sign de México Juárez, S.A. de C.V. Manuel Quiñones No. 1655 Col. Morelos C.P. 32670, Juárez, Chihuahua Krauss Maffei de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Pirineos No. 515, Interior 13 Fracc. Parque Santiago C.P. 76115, Querétaro, Querétaro Krones Mex, S.A. de C.V. Jaime Balmes No. 203-8 Col. Polanco I Sección C.P. 11510, Ciudad de México Kwalu México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Lorenzo de la Garza No. 9 Ciudad Industrial C.P. 87494, Matamoros, Tamaulipas Laminados de Alta Calidad, S.A. de C.V. Av. Gustavo Baz No. 114 Col. Bosques de Echegaray C.P. 53310, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México Licon y Asociados, S.A. de C.V. Av. Javier Barros Sierra No. 555, piso 8, Interior IV, Edificio Zedec Pueblo Santa Fe C.P. 01210, Ciudad de México Maderas y Plásticos, S.A. de C.V. Calz. Ignacio Zaragoza No. 1061-D Col. Agrícola Oriental C.P. 08500, Ciudad de México Mango Operaciones México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Campos Elíseos No. 202, Interior 169 Col. Polanco V Sección C.P. 11560, Ciudad de México Marksolu, S. de R.L. de C.V. Paseo de la Reforma No. 1232 Col. Lomas de Bezares C.P. 11910, Ciudad de México McCain Traffic Supply México, S.A. de C.V. Braulio Maldonado No. 6450 Fracc. El Rubí C.P. 22626, Tijuana, Baja California Merit Maquiladora México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz No. 19970, Interior B Fracc. Cumbres del Sol C.P. 22630, Tijuana, Baja California Mextran, S.A. de C.V. Calz. Jesús González Gallo No. 1400 Barrio San Carlos C.P. 44460, Guadalajara, Jalisco Mexus Distribuidora, S.A. de C.V. Aeropuerto No. 5, Interior 18 Col. Garita Otay C.P. 22430, Tijuana, Baja California Minera Penmont, S. de R.L. de C.V. Callejón Ing. José Arturo Arredondo Morales No. 209 Col. Heroica Caborca Centro C.P. 83600, Caborca, Sonora Montbleau, S. de R.L. de C.V. Quinta Norte No. 805 Ciudad Industrial C.P. 22444, Tijuana, Baja California Mudisa, S.A. de C.V. Camino Viejo a los Laureles No. 17 Col. El Zapote, C.P. 45672, Tlajomulco de Zúñiga, Jalisco Nabors Perforaciones de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. Paseo de las Palmas No. 820 Col. Lomas de Chapultepec C.P. 11000, Ciudad de México Nien Hsing International Victoria, S.A. de C.V. Libramiento Naciones Unidas km 20 Parque Industrial Nuevo Santander C.P. 87137, Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas North American Product, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. de las Bellas Artes No. 20120 Zona Industrial Chilpancingo C.P. 22440, Tijuana, Baja California Ofik, S.A. de C.V. Av. Poseidón No. 1401 Parque industrial del Poniente Kalos C.P. 66367, Santa Catarina, Nuevo León Ope Manufacturer México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Carretera Miguel Alemán km 14.5 Zona Industrial Monterrey Business Park C.P. 66633, Apodaca, Nuevo León Overseas Solution Commerce, S. de R.L. Av. Ocampo No. 4291 Col. Campestre C.P. 88278, Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas Parker Brownsville Servicios, S.A. de C.V. Calle Sexta No. 95 Col. Euzkadi C.P. 87370, Matamoros, Tamaulipas Plasti Mundo, S.A. de C.V. Patriotismo No. 178 Col. Tacubaya C.P. 11870, Ciudad de México Pochteca Papel, S.A. de C.V. Norte 59 No. 1015-C Col. Industrial Vallejo C.P. 02300, Ciudad de México Polymershapes México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Calle 2 Oriente No. 19137 Zona Industrial Ciudad Industrial C.P. 22444, Tijuana, Baja California Porcelanosa México, S.A. de C.V. Autopista México-Querétaro No. 3002 Col. San Andrés Atenco C.P. 54040, Tlalnepantla de Baz, Estado de México Prima Free Trade Cancún, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Luis Donaldo Colosio km 11.5 Col. Alfredo V. Bonfil C.P. 77560, Benito Juárez, Quintana Roo Printel, S.A. de C.V. Av. 25 de Mayo No. 289 Col. Trabajadores C.P. 66149, Santa Catalina, Nuevo León Productos Especializados de México DDM, S. de R.L. de C.V. Lago Alberto No.319 Col. Granada C.P. 11520, Ciudad de México Proepta, S.A. de C.V. Galileo No. 11 Col. Polanco V Sección C.P. 11560, Ciudad de México Quality Cabinets de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. Loreto No. 8350 Parque Industrial Pacífico C.P. 22643, Tijuana, Baja California Químicos y Plásticos Centurión, S.A. de C.V. Av. Insurgentes Norte No. 1501, Interior 203 Col. Tepeyac Insurgentes C.P. 07020, Ciudad de México RHC Agua Prieta, S. de R.L. de C.V. Calle 14 No. 930 Zona Industrial C.P. 84269, Agua Prieta, Sonora Richemont de México, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Manuel Ávila Camacho No. 12138, piso 11 Col. Lomas de Chapultepec C.P. 11000, Ciudad de México Samsonite Importaciones, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Manuel Ávila Camacho No. 24025, piso 24 Col. Lomas de Sotelo C.P. 53390, Naucalpan de Juárez, Estado de México Sanborns Hermanos, S.A. de C.V. Lago Zúrich No. 245, piso 7 Col. Ampliación Granada C.P. 11529, Ciudad de México Sea Dron-Mx, S. de R.L. de C.V. Av. De La Transformación No. 108 Parque Industrial C.P. 83455, San Luis Río Colorado, Sonora Servicios Home Depot, S. de R.L. de C.V. Ricardo Margain Zozaya No. 605 Col. Santa Engracia C.P. 66267, San Pedro Garza García, Nuevo León Servicios Logísticos Alyga, S. de R.L. de C.V. Carlos Villarreal No. 3848 Fracc. Margaritas C.P. 32300, Juárez, Chihuahua Shelser, S. de R.L. de C.V. Calz. del Valle No. 49400 Col. Del Valle C.P. 66220, San Pedro Garza García, Nuevo León Siemens, S.A. de C.V. Ejército Nacional No. 350, piso 3 Col. Polanco V Sección C.P. 11560, Ciudad de México Sistemas Médicos Alaris, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Insurgentes No. 20351 Col. Parque Industrial El Florido C.P. 22244, Tijuana, Baja California Solkotech, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Francisco Villa No. 2409 Col. León I C.P. 37235, León, Guanajuato SPT Advance, S.A. de C.V. Concha de Villareal No. 7-8 Col. San Simón Ticumac C.P. 03660, Ciudad de México Strategic Distribution Marketing de México, S.A. de C.V. Costa de Marfil No. 6910, local B Fracc. INFONAVIT Tecnológico C.P. 32699, Juárez, Chihuahua Sunrise Medical Tecnologías, S.A. de C.V. Misiones No. 110 Parque Industrial Misiones de las Californias C.P. 22425, Tijuana, Baja California Tapicerías Pacífico, S.A. de C.V. Calle 12 Norte No. 20736 Ciudad Industrial C.P. 22444, Tijuana, Baja California Tetra Pak RDC México, S.A. de C.V. Ejército Nacional No. 843 Col. Granada C.P. 11520, Ciudad de México The Rock Recubrimientos y Acabados, S.A. de C.V. Av. Negrete No. 1641 Zona Centro C.P. 22000, Tijuana, Baja California TKR de México, S.A. de C.V. Blvd. Luis Donaldo Colosio km 0.200 Sur Parque Módulo Industrial Américas C.P. 88277, Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas Todo en Acrílico y Diseño Pop, S.A. de C.V. José María Bocanegra No. 3 Barrio San Juan C.P. 54900, Tultitlán, Estado de México Tráelo de Asia, S. de R.L. de C.V. Jacarandas No. 3149 Col. Loma Bonita Ejidal C.P. 45608, San Pedro Tlaquepaque, Jalisco Truck Lite, S. de R.L. de C.V. Autopista México-Puebla km 117 Parque Industrial FINSA C.P. 72710, Cuautlancingo, Puebla Tubelite de México, S.A. de C.V. San Esteban No. 56 Col. Santo Tomás C.P. 02020, Ciudad de México TVH Parts México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Autopista Chamapa-Lechería km 2.5 Parque Industrial San Martín Obispo C.P. 54769, Cuautitlán Izcalli, Estado de México Utility Trailer Manufacturing de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. José Benítez No. 2450-102 Col. Obispado C.P. 64060, Monterrey, Nuevo León Valeo Sistemas Eléctricos, S.A. de C.V. Av. La Montaña No. 102 Parque Industrial Polígono Empresarial C.P. 76220, Querétaro, Querétaro Variedades Regis, S.A. de C.V. Av. Euzkaro No. 303 Col. Industrial C.P. 07800, Ciudad de México Vinilos y Gráficos Digitales, S.A. de C.V. Calle 19 Sur No. 3542 Col. La Noria C.P. 72410, Puebla, Puebla Winston Juárez, S. de R.L. de C.V. Manuel Gutiérrez Nájera No. 2315 Col. San Antonio C.P. 32250, Juárez, Chihuahua Xolur de México, S.A. de C.V. Vicente Guerrero No. 132 Col. Martín Carrera C.P. 07070, Ciudad de México 3. Exportadoras BBS Automation (Suzhou), Co., Ltd. No. 7-1 Tingrong Street Suzhou Weiting Suzhou Industrial Park Zip Code 215122, Jiangsu, China Beijing Brightsub Technology, Co., Ltd. No. 10 Zhenxing Street, Development Zone Zip Code 102401, Hebei, China Best Designers, Inc. 1500NW 89th Ct., Suite 216 Zip Code 33166, Florida, United States of America Bisalama, LLC. 12220 Paseo del Este Blvd. Suite 200 Zip Code 79928, El Paso Texas, United States of America Blueview Elec-Optic Tech, Co., Ltd. 2nd Konggang Road Southwest Aviation Industrial Development Zone Chengdu Zip Code 610207, Sichuan, China Broadcreek Marketing Associates, Inc. 10736 Bloomfield Avenue Zip Code 90670, California, United States of America Chongqing Lanren Aluminium, Co., Ltd. No. 23-4 Jinxing Building Yanshui Dang, Xinghu Village Zip Code 408422, Chongqing, China Guangzhou Grandview Material Limited Room 503-507, Building C, Donghu Industrial Park Zip Code 528318, Guangdong, China Goldensign Industry, Co., Ltd. Room 2212-2216, No.58 Jinxin Road, Pudong New District Zip Code 201206, Shanghai, China Haining Oasis Building Material, Co., Ltd. Shanhong Road Yuanhua Town, Haining City Zip Code 314400, Zhejiang, China Haining Xiaoxing Industrial Fabric, Co., Ltd. Room A720, 7th Floor, Warp Knitting Jiaxing 33 Zip Code 314000, Zhejiang, China Hangzhou Soyang Technologies, Co., Ltd. No. 141 Huancheng Bei Road West 19th Flr, Yongtong Info Plaza Zip Code 310003, Zhejiang, China Henan Kairong Qiyuan Trading, Co., Ltd. Room 506, Block B, Free Trade Building, 298 Zhengkai Avenue Zip Code 475000, Henan, China Lenix Office & General Supplies, LLC. 6400 South 28th Street Zip Code 78503, Texas, United States of America Looife, Inc. 1341 Howard St. Zip Code 60007, Illinois, United States of America MCMC Services, LLC. 1451 Rockville Pike No. 440 Zip Code 20852, Maryland, United States of America New Optics USA, Inc. 5000 W Military Hwy No. 114 Zip Code 78503, Texas, United States of America Ningbo Signcoat Sign Supply, Co., Ltd. No.535 South Tiantong Road Zip Code 315000, Zhejiang, China Omni-Chem 136, LLC. 124 E Northfield Dr Ste F No. 183 Brownsburg Zip Code 46112-2601, Indiana, United States of America Plasco Limited Plot No.112, Mbozi Road, Chang'ombe Zip Code 19956, Dar es salaam, Tanzania Qingdao Be-Win Industrial and Trade, Co., Ltd. Room 1502A Guangfa Finance Bldg. No.40 Shandong RD Zip Code 266071, Shandong, China Schuler (Dalian) Forming Technologies, Co., Ltd. Yibao Street Ganjingzi Dalianwan Dalian City Zip Code 116113 Liaoning, China Shandong Kelesi New Material Technology, Co., Ltd. Gonghexin Road 11c, No. 5199, Zip Code 200431, Shanghai, China Shandong Yaohua Glass, Co., Ltd. Lingang International Industrial Parklicheng Area Jinan City Zip Code 250109, Shandong, China Shanghai Herzesd Industrial, Co., Ltd. Room 916 A, Building 5, Wandamao, Qingpu District Zip Code 201700, Shanghai, China Shanghai Kingsign International Trade, Co., Ltd. No. 365 Anli Road, Room 602 Anting New Town Zip Code 201805, Shanghai, China Sofer Technology, Co., Ltd. Xing Zhong Road Wuzhong District Suzhou Zip Code 215168, Jiangsu, China Sounda New Materials, Co., Ltd. Luxiang Road Lane 111, Baoshan District Zip Code 201907, Shanghai, China Suzhou Display Master Exhibition Equipment, Co., Ltd. No.158 Liandong Road Puzhuang Town Suzhou Zip Code 215105, Jiangsu, China Suzhou Thande Precision Engineering, Co., Ltd. Zhongta Road. Modou Town Wuzhong District Suzhou Zip Code 215101, Jiangsu, China Tapestry Inc. Hudson Yards 15th Florida Zip Code 10001, New York, United States of America TVH Trading (Taicang), Co., Ltd. No. 118 North Dongting Road Zip Code 215400, Jiangsu, China Weihai Bethel Automotive Safety Systems, Co., Ltd. Kaituo 3rd Road Edz Rushan City Zip Code 264500, Shandong, China Weihai Wisezone Outdoor Equipment, Co., Ltd. No. 10 Tangshan Road Zip Code 264209, Weiham, China Westron (Jiaxing) Import & Export Trading, Co., Ltd. Building 82, Headquarters Business Garden Zip Code 314000, Zhejiang, China Winbond Materials, Co., Ltd. No. 18 Jiefang Avenue, Tower 1 Zip Code 430030 Wuhan, China 4. Importadoras de las que no se cuenta con datos de localización Accesorios Automotrices Uno, S.A. de C.V. Accesorios Marinos del Sur, S. de R.L. de C.V. ACF Pizza, S.A. de C.V. Acrilicdreams, S.A. de C.V. Acrílicos Profesionales de Monterrey, S.A. de C.V. Acrílicos Sablón, S.A. de C.V. Acrycel Alum, S.A. de C.V. Acrylic Made, S.A. de C.V. Acrylicdreams América, S.A. de C.V. Acuity Brands Lighting de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Adises, S.A. de C.V. Aero-Tech Composites de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Agrícola Nueva Era, S.A. de C.V. Ajosia Ensambladora y Manufacturas, S.A. de C.V. Albergue Industrial de Nogales, S. de R.L. de C.V. Alcance PSD Especiales, S.A. de C.V. Alimex Electronics, S.A. de C.V. ALP Lighting Components de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Alta Tecnología CNC, S.A. de C.V. Altec Electrónica Chihuahua, S.A. de C.V. Alvitro Peninsular, S.A. de C.V. Am Mex Productos Internacional, S. de R.L. de C.V. AMD Plastics de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. American Poly del Norte, S.A. de C.V. Ametek Lamb Motores de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Amphenol Optimize México, S.A. de C.V. Apeel Sciences de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Aptiv Contract Services de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Aptiv Contract Services de Tamaulipas, S. de R.L. de C.V. Aquamar de Ensenada, S.A. de C.V. Aquaspa Siglo 21, S.A. de C.V. Ar2 Materiales y Suministros México, S.A. de C.V. Architectural Lighting Works, S. de R.L. de C.V. Armo Diseño, S.A. de C.V. Arneg México, S.A. de C.V. Arroyo Holdings de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Arte Emblemático, S.A. de C.V. Arteche North América, S.A. de C.V. Artes Metálicos, S. de R.L de C.V. Artículos Deportivos Decathlon, S.A. de C.V. Ascotech, S.A. de C.V. Aurora Technologies de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Autopack Machinery, S. de R.L. de C.V. Availmed, S.A. de C.V. Aztek-As Logistics, S. de R.L. de C.V. Badger Meter de México, S.A. de C.V. Baja Industries, S. de R.L. de C.V. Baja Window Shading, S. de R.L. de C.V. Bari Imports, S.A. de C.V. Baseco, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Bath Supply, S.A. de C.V. Beautiful Window México, S.A. de C.V. Becton Dickinson de México, S.A. de C.V. Bel Manufacturera, S. de R.L. de C.V. Belden de Sonora, S. de R.L. de C.V. Benchpro, S.A. de C.V. Bending Laser Machine Group México, S.A. de C.V. Bimba y Lola Import México, S.A. de C.V. Binzel, S.A. de C.V. Bio Pappel, S.A. de C.V. Bluestarlam México, S.A. de C.V. BMC México Auto Parts, S.A. de C.V. Bojay Electronics, S. de R.L. de C.V. Bomhersa Bombas y Equipos, S.A. de C.V. Border Assembly, S. de R.L. de C.V. Boustens, S.A. de C.V. Brady México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Branson de México, S.A. de C.V. Bravo Montacargas, S.A. de C.V. Bravo Piñatas, S.A. de C.V. Breg México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Brose México, S.A. de C.V. BRP México, S.A. de C.V. Buhler, S.A. de C.V. Builders Brass Works de México, S.A. de C.V. Bystronic México, S.A. de C.V. Cables de Calidad de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Carcamovil México, S.A. de C.V. Cárdenas Forwarding MX, S.A. de C.V. Carfox Industrial, S.A. de C.V. Cargo Servicios Profesionales, S. de R.L. de C.V. Car-Joha Import Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. Carlisle Interconnect Technologies de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Carrocerías y Autobuses del Bajío, S.A. de C.V. Caterpillar Industrias México, S. de R.L. de C.V. CCL Design México, S.A. de C.V. CCL Design México Electronics Guadalajara, S. de R.L. de C.V. CDAA Comercial, S.A. de C.V. CE Servicios Aduanales y Logísticos, S.A.S. Celestica de Mexicali, S.A. de C.V. Celulosas Mairo, S. de R.L. de C.V. Central Detallista, S.A. de C.V. Centro de Superficies y Diseño, S.A. de C.V. Cesarmex, S.A. de C.V. Cestek, S.A. de C.V. CFS Brands Productos de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Chapas y Maderas Importadas, S.A. de C.V. Chromalloy, S.A. de C.V. CMR Technology México, S.A. de C.V. Co Production de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. Coast Metal Supply, S. de R.L. de C.V. Coast MFG, S. de R.L. de C.V. Collective Market, S.A. de C.V. Colorama Internacional, S.A. de C.V. Comercializadora Baja California Imports Exports, S. de R.L. de C.V. Comercializadora Color Shop, S. de R.L. de C.V. Comercializadora de Carrocerías Busscar de México, S.A. de C.V. Comercializadora Jaurillo, S. de R.L. de C.V. Comercializadora Kingbrown, S.A. de C.V. Comex Platech, S.A. de C.V. Compañía del Caribe, S.A. de C.V. Compañía Mercantil del Norte, S.A. de C.V. Compax Ideas y Tecnología, S.A. de C.V. Concurrent Manufacturing Solutions, S. de R.L. de C.V. Consorcio de Comercio Exterior Zume, S. de R.L. de C.V. Constru Plaza de Nuevo Laredo, S.A. de C.V. Construmac, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Continental Automotive Guadalajara México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Continental Automotive Maquila México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Cooper Lighting de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Cooper México Distribución, S. de R.L. de C.V. Cornelius Manufacturing de México, S.A. de C.V. Corning Science México, S.A. de C.V. Corporación de Hilos, S.A. de C.V. Corporación Licorera 1910, S.A. de C.V. Corporativo KLG Publicidad, S. de R.L. de C.V. Corporativo Mercantil de la Frontera, S.A. de C.V. Creación Hospitalaria, S.A. de C.V. Crear Hogar, S.A. de C.V. Creative Metal MFG, S. de R.L. de C.V. Critikon de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. CS Component México, S.A. de C.V. Cubic de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Cut and Sew Manufacturing Operations, S. de R.L. de C.V. Cypress Industries México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Darco Supplies, S. de R.L. de C.V. Decoración Colonial, S.A. Deep Ocean de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Denso Air Systems de México, S.A. de C.V. Denso Ten México, S.A. de C.V. Diprinsa Diseño y Proyectos Industriales, S.A. de C.V. Direcciones III de México, S.A. de C.V. Diseños en Mármol y Granito Dimagra, S. de R.L. de C.V. Diseños de Estilo, S.A. de C.V. Diseños Marliz, S.A. de C.V. Distribuidora Floval, S. de R.L. de C.V. Distribuidora Internacional del Caribe, S.A. de C.V. Distribuidora Lariox, S. de R.L. de C.V. Distribuidora y Comercializadora Tres Hermanos, S.A. de C.V. DJ Orthopedics de México, S.A. de C.V. DMX Shopfitting & Display, S.A. de C.V. Dojem Materiales, S.A. de C.V. Donaldson, S.A. de C.V. Dong-A Americana, S.A. de C.V. DT Tec, S.A. de C.V. DTM Design Tools and Manufacturing Products, S.A. de C.V. Duck Logistics, S.A. de C.V. Dufry Yucatán, S.A. de C.V. Economía en Materiales Publicitarios, S.A. de C.V. EDS MFG México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Ela Equipment and International Trade, S.A. de C.V. Electro Componentes de México, S.A. de C.V. Electronic LD, S. de R.L. de C.V. Electronic Profesional Design, S.A. Elisva, S.A. de C.V. Elkay Interior Systems Latin America, S. de R.L. de C.V. Emermex, S.A. de C.V. Emerpowsys, S. de R.L. de C.V. Empacabados, S.A. de C.V. Empresas IAI, S. de R.L. de C.V. Engel de México, S.A. de C.V. Enmarcado Profesional de México, S.A. de C.V. Ensambles Hyson, S.A. de C.V. Entrada Group de Celaya, S. de R.L. de C.V. Epiroc México, S.A. de C.V. Epoxemex, S.A. de C.V. Equipamiento y Decoración Palorosa, S.A. de C.V. Escuela de Aviación Especializada, S.A. de C.V. Esmaferreteros, S.A. de C.V. Especializados del Aire, S.A. de C.V. Estrategias en Muebles y Exhibidores, S.A. de C.V. Eunsung Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. Euromoda Importadora México, S.A. de C.V. EWS, S. de R.L. de C.V. Exel RB Industrial, S.A. de C.V. Exhibidores Universales, S.A. de C.V. Expos Cargo, S.A. de C.V. Fábrica PepsiCo Mexicali, S. de R.L. de C.V. Fabricadores de Aluminio de México, S.A. de C.V. Fábricas Elena, S. de R.L. de C.V. Fast Textiles, S. de R.L. de C.V. Fastenal México, S. de R.L. de C.V. FEMSA, S. de R.L. de C.V. Ferromesa, S.A. de C.V. Fevisa Industrial, S.A. de C.V. Fitlog, S.A. de C.V. Flextronics Technologies México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Fludisa, S.A. de C.V. Fluotec Distribución, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Foxconn Baja California, S.A. de C.V. Fromex, S.A. de C.V. Frontier Plastics, S. de R.L. G3 Nogales, S. de R.L. de C.V. Gabo Internacional, S.A. de C.V. Galería Arroyo de la Plata, S.A. de C.V. Gases, Tecnología y Electrodos, S.A. de C.V. GCB International, S.A. de C.V. GD Affiliates, S. de R.L. de C.V. Geode Seco, S. de R.L. de C.V. Gestamp Puebla II, S.A. de C.V. Ginsatec, S.A. de C.V. Gleason México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Global Integra de México, S.A. de C.V. GM Manufacturing, S. de R.L. de C.V. GMT International, S.A. de C.V. GPI Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. Grafovynil, S.A. de C.V. Grainger, S.A. de C.V. Grande Plásticos, S. de R.L. de C.V. Grech Motors International, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Canneria, S. de R.L. de C.V. Grupo Chamberlain, S. de R.L. de C.V. Grupo Dinámico Importador, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Gardea, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Identificación Pesaje y Control, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Industrial Jome, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Loro Dent, S.A.S Grupo Melange de México, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Model Textil Internacional, S.A. de C.V. Grupo WIC, S. de R.L. de C.V. GTM Global Trade and Forwarding de México, S. de R.L. GU Plumbing de México, S.A. de C.V. H&M Hennes & Mauritz, S.A. de C.V. Haas Machine Tools, S.A. de C.V. Haitian International México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Halliburton de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Harco del Noroeste, S.A. de C.V. Hatch Stamping de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. HB Logística, S. de R.L. de C.V. Heidelberg México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Higasket México, S.A. de C.V. Hisense Electrónica México, S.A. de C.V. Hisun Motors, S. de R.L. de C.V. HMY Innovation in Retail México, S.A. de C.V. Hoffman Schroff Manufacturing, S. de R.L. de C.V. Howmet de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. HRZ Auto Parts México, S.A. de C.V. HTP de México, S.A. de C.V. Husky Injection Molding Systems México, S.A. de C.V. Hussmann American, S. de R.L. de C.V. Hussmann Technologies de Baja California, S.A. de C.V. Hyundai Kefico México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Icomex Ingeniando Comercio Exterior, S.A. de C.V. ICU Medical de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Identidad en Imágenes Corporativas, S.A. de C.V. IDL International Distribution & Logistics, S.A. de C.V. IEC Technologies, S. de R.L. de C.V. IHO Espacios, S.A. de C.V. Iluminación Especializada de Occidente, S.A. de C.V. Imagen Corporativa Gasolinera, S.A. de C.V. Import Lents Mex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Importaciones Carrillo Reyes, S.A. de C.V. Importaciones y Logística de Occidente, S.A. de C.V. Importadora Amazon México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Importadora Dayana, S.A. de C.V. Importadora de Productos Gráficos del Sureste, S.A. Importadora Euronovelty, S.A. de C.V. Importadora HGMD, S.A. de C.V. Impresora Donneco Internacional, S. de R.L. de C.V. Impro Industries México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Indo-Mim México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Industria Decoradora de Envases, S. de R.L. de C.V. Industrial Experts, S.A. de C.V. Industrias APB, S.A. de C.V. Industrias Apson, S.A. de C.V. Industrias Filo, S.A. de C.V. Industrias Hunter, S. de R.L. de C.V. Industrias La Mesa de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. Industrias Lancermex, S.A. de C.V. Industrias Publicitarias de los Mochis, S.A. de C.V. Industry Revmex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Innovación y Estrategia Chunga, S.A. de C.V. Innovasense, S. de R.L. de C.V. Instalaciones Profesionales y Servicios, S.A. de C.V. Insumos de Gran Formato Print Depot, S.A. de C.V. Internacional de Elevadores, S.A. de C.V. Internacional Mexchina, S.A. de C.V. International Nameplate México, S.A. de C.V. International Transport Broker R&G, S.A. de C.V. Intuitive Surgical, S. de R.L. de C.V. Item Tecnologías Industriales, S. de R.L. de C.V. ITT Cannon de México, S.A. de C.V. ITX Retail México, S.A. de C.V. Ivemsa, S.A. de C.V. J&S Empaques, S. de R.L. de C.V. Jabil Circuit de Chihuahua, S. de R.L. de C.V. Jabil Circuit de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Jacuzzi de México, S.A. de C.V. Javid de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Jmimx, S.A. de C.V. Johnson Controls ASC Systems, S.A.P.I. de C.V. Johnson Controls BE Operations México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Joint Production, S.A. de C.V. Jonathan MFG de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Josal Servicios Logísticos para el Comercio, S. de R.L. de C.V. Jungo Industries, S.A.P.I. de C.V. JV Osta México, S.A. de C.V. Kazz Importaciones, S.A. de C.V. Kcu México, S.A. de C.V. Kinetek de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Kitchen Equipment de San Luis, S.A. de C.V. Kodec, S. de R.L. de C.V. Kopar, S.A. de C.V. Krelonia Group, S. de R.L. de C.V. Kwang Sung Electronics México, S.A. de C.V. Ky Industrias, S.A. de C.V. La Torre del Vigía, A.R. La Tour de Fer, S.A. de C.V. Laboratorios Clinic, S.A. de C.V. Láminas Plásticas y Complementos, S.A. de C.V. Lasertips, S.A. de C.V. Led Neón de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Lens Lite de México, S.A. de C.V. Liga Mayor de Francisco I Madero, S. de R.L. de C.V. Linkmart, S.A. de C.V. Lite-On Automotive Electronics México, S.A. de C.V. Littelfuse, S. de R.L. de C.V. Lizhong México, S. de R.L. de C.V. LKO Manufacturing, S. de R.L. de C.V. Lo Maquilo Todo, S.A. de C.V. Loci Solcex, S.A. de C.V. Logística Comercial Silcerf, S.A. de C.V. Logística de Comercio Internacional, S.A. de C.V. Logística Francar, S. de R.L. de C.V. LS E-Mobility Solutions México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Lumigrid México, S.A. de C.V. M3, S. de R.L. de C.V. Macro Toys, S.A. de C.V. Macrolab, S.A. de C.V. Maderera y Ferretera de Miguel Alemán, S.A. Mai Kai Internacional, S.A. de C.V. Makino México, S. de R.L. de C.V. MAM de La Frontera, S.A. de C.V. Manitowoc TJ, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mapresa Monterrey, S.A. de C.V. Maq-Ops, S. de R.L. de C.V. Maquiladora Cabada Morineau, S. de R.L. de C.V. Maquilas Teta Kawi, S.A. de C.V. Mar Industrial Distribuidora, S.A. de C.V. Marlin Design, S. de R.L. de C.V. Maroa Importaciones, S. de R.L. de C.V. Martech Medical Products, S. de R.L. de C.V. Máscaras de Látex, S. de R.L. de C.V. Masterpiece Roca, S.A. de C.V. Materiales Nungaray, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mayan Iluminación, S.A. de C.V. Mc Machinery Systems de México, S.A. de C.V. MD Exportaciones del Bajío, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mega Techway de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Meggi, S.A. de C.V. Meritrade Importaciones, S.A. de C.V. Merx 360, S.A. de C.V. Metalúrgica Artesanal, S.A. de C.V. Mexicana de Dragados, S.A. de C.V. Mexicase, S.A. de C.V. México Curtain Wall System Engineering, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexket, S. de R.L. de C.V. Minutos y Segundos, S.A. de C.V. Min Industrial, S. de R.L. de C.V. Misumi México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mitsubishi Electric de México, S.A. de C.V. Mobiliario de Azar, S.A. de C.V. Moda Actual Contemporánea, S.A. de C.V. Moldutech México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Molex, S.A. de C.V. Morgan Polimer Seals, S. de R.L. de C.V. Motion Automation de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. MR Imports, S. de R.L. de C.V. MSM Manufacturing de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. MTD Consumer Products México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Muebles Redwood, S. de R.L. de C.V. Multimarc de México, S.A. de C.V. MW Multi-Wing México, S.A. de C.V. MYP Maquetas, S.A. de C.V. Nacional Eléctrica Ferretera, S.A. de C.V. National and International Products Fris, S.A. de C.V. Negocios Pavitratma, S.A. de C.V. Nellcor Puritan Bennett México, S.A. de C.V. Newig Trading, S.A. de C.V. Nextgen Magnetics, S. de R.L. de C.V. Nibco de Reynosa, S.A. de C.V. Noble Millwork, S. de R.L. de C.V. Norican Group de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. North & South BC Servicios Aduanales, S. de R.L. de C.V. Novalink Matamoros, S.A. de C.V. Oceans Composites México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Operación de Calidad, S. de R.L. de C.V. Operadora Garpac, S. de R.L. de C.V. Operadora Logística Peninsular, S.A. de C.V. Optimus Magnetics, S. de R.L. de C.V. OSM Smart Hospitaly Solutions, S.A. de C.V. Pan American Composites, S.A. de C.V. Panasonic Appliances Refrigeration Systems de México, S.A. de C.V. Panasonic Industrial Devices Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. Papeles y Conversiones de México, S.A. de C.V. Parfois México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Parker Industrial, S. de R.L. de C.V. Partition Manufacturing, S. de R.L. de C.V. PAT Primo México, S.A. de C.V. PCE Technology de Juárez, S.A. de C.V. Pegatron México, S.A. de C.V. Pidag Trading, S.A. de C.V. Pims, S.A de C.V. Pinelli Universal, S. de R.L. de C.V. Plasticenter Maquinaria, S.A. de C.V. Plásticos de CA, S. de R.L. de C.V. Plásticos de Ingeniería Tecnoquim, S.A. de C.V. Plásticos Edco, S.A. de C.V. Plásticos Especializados de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. Plásticos Industriales de Tampico, S.A. de C.V. Plovimex, S.A. de C.V. Polyfit, S. de R.L. de C.V. Porta Systems, S.A. de C.V. Preparación de Animales para Material de Estudios Escolares, S.A. de C.V. Prime Wheel México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Procesos Logísticos y Electrónicos, S.A. de C.V. Procesos Metálicos California, S.A. de C.V. Productividad Integral, S.A. de C.V. Productos de Molde de Baja California, S. de R.L. de C.V. Productos Medline, S.A. de C.V. Project Management Jaime Partners of México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Promotora y Administradora del Noroeste, S.A. de C.V. Protomar, S.A. de C.V. Proveedora de Seguridad Industrial del Golfo, S.A. de C.V. Publicitaria Parmon, S. de R.L. de C.V. Q Seals de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Que Más Baja, S. de R.L. de C.V. Radio Frecuencia y Puesta a Tierra, S.A. de C.V. Ranboy Sportswear, S.A. de C.V. RCR Refrigeración, S.A. de C.V. Refacciones Partes y Servicios para Grúas Industriales, S.A. de C.V. Regal Plastic Supply Company de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Rehau, S.A. de C.V. Repstronics, S.A. de C.V. RK Creative and Productions, S.A. de C.V. RK Negocios, S.A. de C.V. RL 2020 Trading, S.A. de C.V. Robert Bosch México Sistemas de Frenos, S. de R.L. de C.V. Rockwell Tecate, S.A. de C.V. Rodchav, S.A. de C.V. RPL Consulting Group, S. de R.L. de C.V. S.I. de México, S.A. de C.V. Saint-Gobain América, S.A. de C.V. Samsung Electronics Digital Appliances México, S.A. de C.V. Samsung Electronics México, S.A. de C.V. Samsung Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. Savaria México, S.A. de C.V. Saverglass, S. de R.L. de C.V. Scantibodies de Tecate, S.A. de C.V. SDS de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sección I, S.A. de C.V. SE-GI de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. SEI Automation, S. de R.L. de C.V. Senoplast, S.A. de C.V. Sensata Technologies de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sensey Electronics, S.A. de C.V. Serra Soldadura de México, S.A. de C.V. Servicios Hispak de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Servicios Logísticos Palco, S. de R.L. de C.V. Shelmex Manufacturing Services, S.A. de C.V. Sidel de México, S.A. de C.V. Sign Market Products, S.A. de C.V. Signos Rotulación, S.A. de C.V. Signtek, S.A. de C.V. Single Source Technologies, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sinopec International Petroleum Service México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sjmflex de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sliding D de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Smiths Conexión de México S.A. de C.V. Sociedad Istmeña Desarrollo Eólico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sol-Prassy, S. de R.L. de C.V. Solución Integral de Manufactura, S. de R.L. de C.V. Soluciones Empresariales M.H. Fashion, S. de R.L. de C.V. Soluciones Industriales H&R, S.A. de C.V. Soluciones Logísticas y Aduanales Lenoah Comercio Exterior, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sonitronies, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sonova North American Operations Center, S.A. de C.V. Southwest Fabricators, S. de R.L. de C.V. Spec Importaciones, S.A. de C.V. Springs Window Fashions de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Steelcase Reynosa, S. de R.L. de C.V. Stor, S.A. de C.V. Stradivarius México, S.A. de C.V. Strategia Led, S.A. de C.V. Strategica Outdoor Consulting, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sulzer Chemtech, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sumitronics Manufacturing de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Sunple, S.A. de C.V. Superior Energy Services de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Talleres Industriales Steelgo, S.A. de C.V. Taylor Musical Instruments de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. TCL Moka Manufacturing, S.A. de C.V. TE de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Techtronic Industries Co. México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Técnica Industrial de Norte América, S.A. de C.V. Tecnología del Pacífico, S.A. de C.V. Tecnología Mexicana, S. de R.L de C.V. Tecnología Tecnomet, S.A. de C.V. Tecnologías Internacionales de Manufactura, S.A. de C.V. Teleflex Medical de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Tenmfg de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Tesa Tape México, S.A. de C.V. The Gund Company México, S. de R.L. de C.V. The Right Connections de México, S.A. de C.V. Thermometrics México, S.A. de C.V. Tijuana Iluminare, S.A. de C.V. Tisk Soluciones, S.A. de C.V. Tj4 Global Services, S. de R.L. de C.V. Tlapalería y Ferretería Universal, S.A. de C.V. Tmlc Safes, S.A. de C.V. TMP Manufacturing Co. de México, S.A. de C.V. Tools and Metals Supply de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Toyota Motor Manufacturing de Baja California, S. de R.L. de C.V. Tracto Partes Agrícolas "Mas", S.A. de C.V. Tradelmax, S.A. de C.V. Trading Glo, S.A. de C.V. Troqueles Marbach de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. True Blue Manufacturing, S. de R.L. de C.V. TRW Sistemas de Frenado, S. de R.L. de C.V. Tulum Pools, S.A. de C.V. Turtle & Hughes México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Uline Shipping Supplies, S. de R.L. de C.V. Ultrasign de México, S.A. de C.V. US Tool Group-México, S. de R.L. de C.V. VC Mex, S.A. de C.V. Venusa de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Via Systems Manufacturas, S. de R.L. de C.V. Victoreen de México, S.A. de C.V. Vidriería y Herrajes San Martín, S.A. de C.V. Vishay La Laguna, S. de R.L. de C.V. Visión Plástica Creativa, S.A. de C.V. Vulkan Retail Co, S.A. de C.V. Wabash Technologies de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Watlow de México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Welbilt Tijuana, S. de R.L. de C.V. Wesco Distribution de México, S. de R.L de C.V. Wigonsi, S.A. de C.V. Woodgenix, S.A. de C.V. Xpress Industrial, S. de R.L. de C.V. Youngshin Industry México, S. de R.L. de C.V. Yuewei, S.A. de C.V. 2D Farms, S. de R.L. de C.V. 5. Exportadoras de las que no se cuenta con datos de localización Absen Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited Ace Hardware International Holdings, Ltd. Aidite (Qinhuangdao) Technology, Co., Ltd. Allsign International Technology, Ltd. Amazon.Com, LLC. Anhui Higasket Plastics, Co., Ltd. Anhui Maiming Acrylic Technology, Ltd. Apt Showfreight Shanghai, Co., Ltd. AWC Incorporated Company Barner Ventures, S.L. Beijing Brightsub Technology, Co., Ltd. Best Designers Inc. Best Prototypes Manufacturing (HK), Co., Ltd. Bisalama, LLC. Blanco Publicidad & Marketing, Ltd. Bodo Industrial, Inc. Bolle Brands, Inc. Bosch Security Systems, Inc. Broad-Ocean Motor (Hong Kong), Co., Ltd. Cactor International Co., Ltd. Changzhou Grand Textile, Co., Ltd. Changzhou Melic Decoration Material, Co., Ltd. Chongqing Haodong Technology, Co., Ltd. Color Make, Co., Ltd. Cooper Interconnect, Inc. Dehk Limited Donchamp (Jiangsu) Materials Technology, Co., Ltd. Dongguan Lishi Industrial Investment, Co., Ltd. Dupont Specialty Products USA, LLC. Easy Building Plastic, Co., Ltd. Echo Industry Limited EDS Industrial Company Elicc Americas Corporation Enersol Technology, Pte., Ltd. Eson Precision Industry (Singapore), Pte., Ltd. Estee Lauder Bv Flextech MFG Formica Corporation Foshan Gaoming Jinjie Import and Export, Co., Ltd. Foshan Levi Hardware, Co., Ltd. Frontier Group/Shanghai Jinruo International Trading, Co., Ltd. Ganzhou Bangchen Color-Jet Science & Technology, Co., Ltd. Guangdong Donghua Optoelectronics Technology, Ltd. Guangdong Tome ad Media, Ltd. Guangzhou Bmpaper, Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Fenlin Swimming Pool & Sauna Equipment, Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Ling Xiang Electronics, Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Sunshine Electronic Technology, Co., Ltd. GWS Tool, LLC. Haitian Huayuan (Singapore), Pte., Ltd. Hangzhou Vector Magnets, Co., Ltd. Hefei Pre-World Import and Export Trading, Co., Ltd. Heyuan New Baoliya Decorative Materials, Co., Ltd. HF Weking Import and Export, Co., Ltd. Hiking (Jimo) International Trade, Co., Ltd. Hisense Electronics Manufacturing Company of America Corporation HK Color Make Paint, Co., Ltd. Hong Kong Super Lighting Electric Appliance, Co., Ltd. Howmet Aluminum Casting, Inc. Hubei Safdu Auto Parts Imp. & Exp., Co., Ltd. Huizhou Anche Precision Hardware, Co., Ltd. Huizhou Xufeng New Materials Manufacturing, Co., Ltd. Hunan Vsmile Biotechnology, Co., Ltd. Huzhou Qianbei Plastic, Co., Ltd. ILC Dover LP Inventec Distribution Northamerica, Corp. JDS Worldwide Corporation Jiangsu Koofilm Technology, Co., Ltd. Jiangsu Polyrise Technology, Co., Ltd. Jiangxi Polyrise Technology, Co., Ltd. Jiangxi Superoof Technology, Co., Ltd. Jinan Cmall International Trading, Co., Ltd. Jinan Jinbao Acrylic Technology, Co., Ltd. Jinan Modern Signs Plastic, Co., Ltd. Jinan Spring Sign Plastics, Co., Ltd. Jones Sign, Co., Inc. Jumei Industrial, Co., Ltd. Kaiping Fuliya Industrial, Co., Ltd. Kingkonree International China Surface Industrial, Co., Ltd. Kingpin International (China), Co., Ltd. Krion Solid Surface, S.A.U. Kunshan Autoroad Automation Technology, Co., Ltd. Kunshan LME Trading, Co., Ltd. L De Witt McCarter, Inc. Lizhong Pilot Auto Parts (Beijing), Co., Ltd. Luoyang Anshun Office Furniture, Co., Ltd. Mack Technologies Florida, Inc. Makeblock (Hong Kong) Company Limited Masterwork Group, Co., Ltd. Mexlux Technology, Co., Ltd. Molex, LCC. MTI Baths, Inc. Naps, LLC. Ningbo Ruiyi Sealing Material, Co., Ltd. Oldenburger Interior Products (Shanghai), Co., Ltd. Parker Hannifin Corporation (Chomerics Division) Pegatron Corporation Pegatron Technology Service, Inc. Prinzen B.V. Punto Fa, S.L. Qingdao Kinho Plastic, Co., Ltd. Quzhou Perfect Plastic Material, Co., Ltd. RSF Sourcing Group, LLC. Ruiyi Shoe Material, Ltd. SDL Technology HK Limited Shandong Yingchuang Plastic, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Allwin Advanced Material, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Alumetal Decorative Material, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Gokai Industry, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Hi-Expo International Logistics, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Lauris Import & Export, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Light Industrial Products (Sunrise) Imp. & Exp., Corp. Ltd.Shanghai Nar Industrial, Co., Ltd. Shanghai Oursign Industrial, Co., Ltd. Sharpmax Industries Limited Shenzhen Baotrol Building Material, Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Beauty Jewelry Packaging Products, Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Boxin Package Technology, Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Growth Trade, Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Tinkei Technology, Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Xintao New Materials, Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Xiong Yihua Plastic Insulation, Ltd. Shenzhen Yongxinda Technology, Co., Ltd. Shezhen Seyontech, Co., Ltd. SKB Corporation, Inc. Soan Advertising & Signage Products, Co., Ltd. Speedywin International, Ltd. Superb Electromachinery, Co., Ltd. Suzhou Industrial Park Donghua Industry and Trade, Co., Ltd. Suzhou Invent Precision Machining, Co., Ltd. Suzhou Keber Technology, Co., Ltd. Taisheng Industry and Trade, Co., Ltd. Tetra Pak Trading (Shanghai), Co., Ltd. Texpa Gmbh TMX Logistics, Inc. Top Shine, Co., Ltd. Topcon Positioning Systems, Inc. Triumph Insulation Systems, LLC. Trotec Laser Gmbh TT Electronics Global Manufacturing Solutions Mexico, Inc. Tumi, Inc. Uninet Imaging, Inc. Vege Mist Inc. West Coast Laminating West Marine Pro Wuxi Forland Technology, Co., Ltd. Wuxi Huaerzhong Auto Parts, Co., Ltd. Yat (H.K.) Co., Ltd. Ycoptotech Technology, Co., Ltd. Yongfan International Trading, Co., Ltd. Zhangjiagang City Leyu Plexiglass, Co. Ltd. Zhao Qing Ally Hardware, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Cfmoto Power, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Haoxin Import & Export, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Huashuaite New Material Technology, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Huasu Acrylic Technology, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Nimo Crafts, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Province Changxing Silk, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Snowball New Material Technology, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Xinhai Plastic, Co., Ltd. Zhejiang Zhanyu New Materials, Co., Ltd. Zhenjiang Sanwei Conveying Equipment, Co., Ltd. Zhongshan Maige Appliance Technology, Co., Ltd. Zhongshan Starshine Lighting Company Zhuhai Bojay Electronics, Co., Ltd. Zhuhai Jinbo Kechuang Electronics, Co., Ltd. Ziux Supply, Inc. Zoomlion Intelligent Access Machinery Singapore Pte., Ltd. 6. Gobierno Embajada de la República Popular China en México Av. San Jerónimo No. 217 B Col. Tizapan San Ángel, La Otra Banda C.P. 01090, Ciudad de México E. Prevención 22. El 1 de agosto de 2025, la Secretaría notificó la prevención a Plastiglas para que, entre otras, subsanara diversos aspectos de forma; aclarara aspectos respecto del producto objeto de investigación y el similar de producción nacional, como las normas aplicables, procesos productivos en China y las etapas de los procesos productivos del producto similar de fabricación nacional; indicara por qué consideró las importaciones que ingresan a través de la fracción arancelaria de la TIGIE 3929.59.99, NICO 01; proporcionara información de las empresas de las cuales obtuvo cotizaciones para el cálculo del precio de exportación, sustentara que son productoras/comercializadoras de lámina acrílica, presentara las comunicaciones que mantuvo con dichas empresas; explicara por qué es razonable utilizar su propuesta para el ajuste por transporte terrestre; proporcionara el soporte probatorio para el uso del factor de densidad aceptado de la industria, que permite estimar el peso del acrílico a partir de su volumen; explicara por qué no es razonable aplicar un ajuste por flete terrestre proporcional al volumen cotizado, respecto del costo promedio del ajuste por embalaje, correspondiente al pallet y señalara la razonabilidad de no aplicarlo; presentara el tipo de cambio de una fuente oficial en China; ajustara por inflación cada uno de los ajustes propuestos para el precio de exportación, obtenidos de las cotizaciones que se encuentren fuera del periodo; aportara elementos para sustentar que el régimen cambiario chino está gestionado directamente por el Banco Popular de China, sobre los controles de capital y la convertibilidad de la moneda en los mercados (onshore) y (offshore); proporcionara las credenciales y perfil de la empresa consultora Workington, S. de .R.L de C.V., en adelante Workington; proporcionara las comunicaciones que mantuvo con la empresa consultora, que permitieran a la Secretaría observar los requisitos considerados en la solicitud de dicho estudio para la recolección de precios, los pagos realizados por el servicio, y presentara argumentos adicionales a la metodología para cotizar, incluidas las credenciales y perfiles de las empresas que llevaron a cabo las cotizaciones, explicara la razonabilidad de aplicar un ajuste por margen de distribución; proporcionara el perfil de la empresa inFlow Inventory Software, en adelante inFlow, y el soporte documental para el cálculo del "Markup"; presentara nuevamente el cálculo de margen de discriminación de precios; formulara aclaraciones respecto de la base de importaciones del producto objeto de su solicitud; presentara información sobre el comportamiento del volumen y los precios de las importaciones, así como el efecto que tendrían en los indicadores y precios de la rama de producción nacional durante el periodo analizado; revisara la fórmula utilizada en su cálculo de la subvaloración; ajustara el precio de las importaciones investigadas, así como el de otros orígenes con los incrementables correspondientes; realizara un análisis del mercado nacional de lámina acrílica y considerara el consumo interno, así como los efectos en los indicadores de la rama de producción nacional; explicara el comportamiento de los inventarios que reportó; presentara sus estados financieros internos en particular su estado de posición financiera, su estado de resultados y su estado de flujo de efectivo correspondientes a los periodos enero - abril 2024 y enero - abril 2025, así como el estado de costos, ventas y utilidades correspondiente a las ventas que destina al mercado de exportación, y aportara mayores elementos para sustentar que el comportamiento negativo de las ventas al mercado externo en los periodos investigado y analizado no es la causa del daño material alegado. Plastiglas presentó su respuesta a la prevención el 29 de agosto de 2025. F. Requerimientos de información 23. El 1 de agosto de 2025, la Secretaría requirió a Acrílicos Newton, S.A. de C.V., en adelante Acrílicos Newton; Plaskolite, S. de R.L. de C.V., en adelante Plaskolite, y Plásticos Especiales Garen, S.A. de C.V., en adelante Plásticos Especiales Garen, para que indicaran si son productores nacionales de lámina acrílica y, de ser el caso, proporcionaran los volúmenes de producción, el valor y volumen de sus ventas al mercado interno y externo, así como su capacidad instalada. El 14 de agosto de 2025, Acrílicos Newton y Plaskolite, respectivamente, respondieron al requerimiento de información. Plásticos Especiales Garen no dio respuesta al requerimiento de información. 24. El 1 de agosto de 2025, la Secretaría requirió a la Asociación Nacional de la Industria Química, A.C., en adelante ANIQ, para que indicara si la empresa Plastiglas es su afiliada, si tiene conocimiento de otros productores nacionales de lámina acrílica, de ser el caso proporcionara el volumen de producción de dichas empresas y, para el caso en que estimara dichos volúmenes, describiera la metodología utilizada y proporcionara el soporte documental de sus cálculos. El 22 de agosto de 2025, la ANIQ respondió al requerimiento de información. CONSIDERANDOS

A. Competencia 25. La Secretaría es competente para emitir la presente Resolución, conforme a los artículos 1, 5 y 12.1 del Acuerdo relativo a la Aplicación del Artículo VI del Acuerdo General sobre Aranceles Aduaneros y Comercio de 1994, en adelante Acuerdo Antidumping; 16 y 34, fracciones V y XXXIII de la Ley Orgánica de la Administración Pública Federal; 5o., fracción VII y 52, fracciones I y II de la Ley de Comercio Exterior, en adelante LCE, y 1, 2, apartado A, fracción II, numeral 7, 4 y 19, fracciones I y IV del Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de Economía. B. Legislación aplicable 26. Para efectos de este procedimiento son aplicables el Acuerdo Antidumping, la LCE, el Reglamento de la Ley de Comercio Exterior, en adelante RLCE, y supletoriamente, el Código Fiscal de la Federación, el Reglamento del Código Fiscal de la Federación, la Ley Federal de Procedimiento Contencioso Administrativo y el Código Federal de Procedimientos Civiles, este último de aplicación supletoria, de conformidad con lo señalado en los artículos 5o. y 130 del Código Fiscal de la Federación. C. Protección de la información confidencial 27. La Secretaría no puede revelar públicamente la información confidencial que las partes interesadas presenten, ni la información confidencial que se allegue, de conformidad con los artículos 6.5 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 80 de la LCE, y 152 y 158 del RLCE. No obstante, las partes interesadas podrán obtener acceso a la información confidencial, siempre y cuando satisfagan los requisitos establecidos en los artículos 159 y 160 del RLCE. D. Legitimidad procesal 28. De conformidad con lo señalado en los puntos 197 a 207 de la presente Resolución, la Secretaría determina que Plastiglas está legitimada para solicitar el inicio del presente procedimiento administrativo de investigación, de conformidad con los artículos 5.1 y 5.4 del Acuerdo Antidumping, y 50 de la LCE. E. Periodo investigado y analizado 29. La Secretaría determina fijar como periodo investigado el comprendido del 1 de abril de 2024 al 31 de marzo de 2025, y como periodo de análisis de daño el comprendido del 1 de abril de 2022 al 31 de marzo de 2025, periodos propuestos por la Solicitante, toda vez que estos se apegan a lo previsto en el artículo 76 del RLCE y, adiconalmente, son congruentes con la "Recomendación Relativa a los periodos de recopilación de datos para las investigaciones antidumping" del Comité de Prácticas Antidumping de la Organización Mundial del Comercio (documento G/ADP/6 adoptado el 5 de mayo de 2000). F. Análisis de discriminación de precios 1. Precio de exportación 30. Para el cálculo del precio de exportación, Plastiglas proporcionó la base de importaciones de la lámina acrílica originaria de China que ingresó a México. Información proporcionada por la ANIQ, de la mercancía clasificada en las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01, NICO 00 y 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE, NICO 01 y 99. 31. A partir de las descripciones registradas en la base de datos detectó que, por ambas fracciones y por los NICO, ingresa mercancía investigada y productos de plásticos distintos al acrílico, como (ABS, Policarbonato, PVC, nylon, entre otros); productos manufacturados (por ejemplo, ventanas, exhibidores y películas); plásticos para pantallas, y tiras, barras y cintas de diversos materiales. 32. Por lo anterior, Plastiglas proporcionó una metodología de identificación de la mercancía investigada, como se describe a continuación: a.     Excluyó las operaciones por clave de documento que se refieren a procesos de devolución o importaciones virtuales: A3, A4, AD, BA, BH, F4, F5, H1, K1, M3, V1 y V5 de las importaciones. b.    Excluyó operaciones cuya descripción no corresponde a lámina acrílica. c.     Excluyó operaciones que por su volumen corresponden a cantidades pequeñas, que pueden relacionarse con muestras o errores de registro, que no corresponden a una lógica comercial. 33. Con base en la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, la Secretaría la previno para que proporcionara los elementos que le permitieron considerar conceptos identificados en la descripción de las importaciones como mercancía investigada y no investigada; nombres comerciales con los cuales se puede identificar a la lámina acrílica investigada; las marcas comerciales identificadas en las operaciones realizadas en el periodo investigado, y el factor o las características que afectan al costo y precio de exportación. 34. En su respuesta Plastiglas proporcionó explicaciones del uso principal de los conceptos solicitados por la Secretaría, el listado de nombres comerciales con los cuales se puede identificar a la mercancía investigada en el mercado y el soporte documental correspondiente. Mencionó que es complicado asociar marcas al producto investigado, por lo que únicamente consideró la descripción general como una forma de identificar a la lámina acrílica investigada. 35. En cuanto a las variables que afectan al costo y al precio de la mercancía objeto de investigación, señaló que la materia prima representa un promedio porcentual del costo de producción y total de venta muy alto. Proporcionó la estructura de costos propia de la empresa. Aclaró que, el color y el acabado no son factores determinantes del costo, ni alteran la naturaleza del producto. Sin embargo, representan variaciones menores en el producto investigado por la incorporación de los pigmentos y colorantes. 36. Proporcionó la base de datos depurada y la explicación del proceso completo de depuración que siguió para la estimación del precio de exportación, 37. A partir de su respuesta a la prevención, consideró no incluir en el análisis de precio de exportación a las mercancías que no corresponden a la descripción del producto objeto de investigación, en particular aquellas operaciones que por la clasificación de la TIGIE (fracción arancelaria 3920.59.99, NICO 01), corresponden a placas poliacrílicas, con un contenido de poli(metacrilato de metilo) inferior al 50% en peso. 38. Agregó que dichas operaciones ingresaron por una fracción que no indica explícitamente los productos que clasifican y es posible que la definición de los productos sea imprecisa, por lo que consideró no incluirlas en el análisis. 39. Plastiglas obtuvo el precio de exportación a partir del valor en aduana y el volumen de las importaciones que se realizaron dentro del periodo investigado. 40. La Secretaría se allegó las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica que ingresaron durante el periodo investigado a través de las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01 NICO 00 y 3920.59.99 NICOS 01 y 99 de la TIGIE, datos que integran las estadísticas de la Balanza Comercial de Mercancías de México, en adelante Balanza Comercial, elaborada por el Servicio de Administración Tributaria, en adelante SAT, la Secretaría, el Banco de México, y el Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía, en adelante INEGI. Comparó dicha información con la aportada por la Solicitante y encontró diferencias en cuanto al número de operaciones, volumen y valores reportados. 41. Por lo anterior, determinó utilizar la base de datos de las estadísticas de importación que reporta el listado de la Balanza Comercial, en virtud de que la información contenida en dicha base de datos se obtiene previa validación de los pedimentos aduaneros, que se da en un marco de intercambio de información entre agentes y apoderados aduanales y la autoridad aduanera. 42. La Secretaría determinó calcular el precio de exportación considerando las importaciones cuyas descripciones correspondan a lámina acrílica objeto de investigación que ingresan por las fracciones 3920.51.01 NICO 00 y 3920.59.99 NICO 99, a partir de la metodología de identificación propuesta por la Solicitante. a. Determinación 43. Con fundamento en los artículos 2.4.2 Acuerdo Antidumping y 40 del RLCE, la Secretaría calculó un precio de exportación promedio ponderado en dólares de los Estados Unidos de América, en adelante dólares, por kg para las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, a partir de la información proporcionada por la Solicitante y de la que la Secretaría se allegó. b. Ajustes al precio de exportación 44. La Solicitante propuso ajustar el precio de exportación por términos y condiciones de venta a partir de cotizaciones que obtuvo, para la importación de lámina acrílica de China a México, en la cual se registran los montos relacionados con el transporte terrestre de la fábrica al puerto en China, el costo de pallet y el costo del flete marítimo. 45. Resaltó que las cotizaciones reportaron información en diferentes unidades de medida, tales como: costo por lámina, costo por contenedor y dólares por kg, por lo que previo al cálculo de los ajustes en dólares por kg, aplicó un factor de densidad aceptado por la industria, el cual permite estimar el peso del acrílico a partir de su volumen. 46. Plastiglas puntualizó que dicho factor es aceptado por la industria y que permite estimar el peso del acrílico a partir de su volumen, agregó que el estándar de la industria de la densidad de acrílico es de aproximadamente 1.19 gramos/centímetros cúbicos, en adelante g/cm3 o 1190 kg/metros cúbicos, por lo que una pieza de acrílico de 1 cm3 pesa 1.19 gramos. i. Flete interno 47. La Solicitante estimó el ajuste por flete interno unitario a partir de las cotizaciones de empresas chinas, así como de la cotización que obtuvo de una empresa de logística, respecto al volumen de las cotizaciones realizadas a la empresa transportista manifestó que estimó el peso de la orden con base en un promedio que obtuvo de su propia área de logística. 48. Debido a que la cotización de la empresa de logística para el flete terrestre se encuentra fuera del periodo investigado, la Solicitante realizó un ajuste por inflación, con base en información que obtuvo de la Oficina Nacional de Estadísticas de China, NBS, por las siglas en inglés de National Bureau of Statistics of China, página de Internet https://data.stats.gov.cn/english/easyquery.htm?cn=A01. 49. Respecto al ajuste por inflación, la Secretaría observó que la información proporcionada por la Solicitante y la registrada en la página de Internet son consistentes. 50. Plastiglas indicó que debido a que las cotizaciones se hicieron en dólares, aplicó un tipo de cambio a yuan o renminbi, en adelante RMB y deflactó los precios, con la finalidad de hacer a las cotizaciones comparables para efectos del cálculo de montos unitarios para los conceptos ajustables. Información que obtuvo del Banco de la Reserva Federal de San Luis de los Estados Unidos de América, en adelante Estados Unidos, y del NBS, consultable en las páginas de Internet https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/DEXCHUS y https://data.stats.gov.cn/english/easyquery.htm?cn=A01, respectivamente. Proporcionó información, impresiones de pantalla y la metodología de cálculo. 51. La Secretaría previno a la Solicitante para que proporcionara las credenciales de las empresas de las cuales obtuvo las cotizaciones de precios, la razonabilidad de los trayectos propuestos y el soporte documental del volumen en kg por contenedor para el transporte de la mercancía investigada. 52. En respuesta, Plastiglas presentó los perfiles de las empresas de las cuales obtuvo las cotizaciones de precios, así como las cotizaciones originales, identificando la consideración del producto investigado en las referencias de precios y los ajustes aplicables. 53. La Secretaría realizó la búsqueda de las empresas a través de sus páginas de Internet y observó que son productoras/fabricantes de lámina acrílica localizadas en China, de la misma forma la Secretaría buscó información de la empresa de logística y encontró que es una empresa dedicada al transporte de mercancías por vía terrestre, marítima, aérea y ferroviaria, lo cual es consistente con el soporte documental proporcionado por Plastiglas. 54. Respecto a la propuesta de trayecto para el flete terrestre presentado, la Solicitante indicó que, a partir de la base de datos de las importaciones proporcionadas por la ANIQ, identificó a los exportadores, así como las provincias y ciudades de China de las empresas productoras, por lo que consideró adecuado promediar el costo del transporte terrestre de lámina acrílica producida en China, con objeto de capturar la heterogeneidad de los costos del transporte terrestre. 55. En relación con el soporte documental del volumen en kg que utilizó para la cotización del transporte terrestre de lámina acrílica, Plastiglas indicó que la obtuvo de sus registros logísticos, es decir, con base en información de sus embarques terrestres, por lo que a partir de ellas estimó el peso promedio de la mercancía investigada que puede ser transportada en un contenedor de 40 pies. 56. La Secretaría observó que la información y pruebas presentadas por Plastiglas son consistentes con lo propuesto para el reporte de los montos unitarios para las cotizaciones que presentaron estas unidades de medida. 57. La Secretaría identificó que solo en la cotización proporcionada por la empresa de logística se registraron precios fuera del periodo investigado, por lo que determinó actualizar solo la cotización por concepto de flete interno en China que se encontró fuera del periodo investigado. ii. Embalaje 58. Plastiglas explicó que las cotizaciones presentan la información por concepto, pero no un desglose de las partidas que los componen. Excepto una de ellas, en la que se incluye un detalle sobre los montos devengados por transportar la mercancía investigada, es decir el costo por embalaje o pallet. 59. Con base en los argumentos y pruebas que presentó Plastiglas, además de los elementos que la Secretaría se allegó, a través de la página de Internet https://www.springsignplasticos.com/news/acrylic-sheet-loading-and-packaging-31737566.html, de la empresa Jinan Spring Sign Plastics, Co., Ltd., empresa china fabricante de la mercancía investigada, la Secretaría observó que la lámina acrílica es efectivamente transportada en pallets, por lo que determinó razonable aplicar el ajuste por embalaje ya que corresponde a información proporcionada por la empresa productora de la mercancía investigada presentada por la Solicitante. iii. Flete marítimo 60. Para la estimación del ajuste por flete marítimo, la Solicitante partió de cotizaciones que obtuvo de empresas chinas, realizadas dentro del periodo investigado, dichas cotizaciones indican el costo por concepto de transporte marítimo de China hacia el puerto de Manzanillo, México. 61. Debido a que dos de las cotizaciones utilizadas para el ajuste por flete marítimo reportaron información en piezas, la Solicitante aplicó un factor de densidad aceptado por la industria, el cual permite estimar el peso del acrílico a partir de su volumen, tal y como se señala en los puntos 45 y 46 de la presente Resolución. 62. Además, utilizó la información de la cotización que obtuvo de la empresa de logística para la importación de lámina acrílica de China a México, donde se indica el costo por concepto de transporte marítimo. 63. En los términos señalados en los puntos 47, 48, 50 y 55 de la presente Resolución, la Solicitante utilizó su propia información para la cotización del peso promedio a partir del cual la lámina acrílica es transportada, así como los ajustes correspondientes para llevar las cotizaciones al periodo investigado. 64. La Secretaría previno a la Solicitante que proporcionara el soporte documental referente al factor de densidad, así como las fórmulas y los factores utilizados para calcularlo. 65. En Respuesta, Plastiglas presentó la metodología del peso a partir del volumen, considerando la densidad típica de 1.19 g/cm3 del poli(metacrilato). Proporcionó referencias técnicas y hojas de detalle de producto de otros fabricantes como Plexiglas, Perspex, Acrylite, entre otros, así como documentos asociados a la especificidad mínima de densidad de la lámina investigada. 66. La Secretaría observó, a partir de la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, la coincidencia entre lo propuesto y lo reportado en dichos documentos. Asimismo, la Secretaría realizó la búsqueda de las densidades y corroboró, a partir de información contenida en la página de Internet de DTTEC, S.A. de C.V., https://dttec.com.mx/producto/lamina-de-acrilico-transparente/, quien es un proveedor para la industria de publicidad y artes gráficas, que el peso de la lámina acrílica corresponde a 1.19 g/cm³, por lo que consideró adecuado el uso de dicho factor. 67. La Secretaría identificó que solo las cotizaciones proporcionadas por la empresa de logística se encuentran fuera del periodo investigado, por lo que determinó actualizar solo la cotización por concepto de transporte marítimo de China a México. c. Determinación 68. De conformidad con los artículos 2.4 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 36 de la LCE y 53, 54 y 58 del RLCE, la Secretaría ajustó el precio de exportación de China por concepto de flete terrestre, costo por embalaje "pallet" y flete marítimo, de acuerdo con la información, metodología y pruebas proporcionadas por la Solicitante. 2. Valor normal a. China como economía de no mercado 69. Plastiglas señaló que China es un país con una economía de no mercado o país con economía que no refleja principios de mercado, y que los precios de la mercancía investigada o sus costos de producción no son una opción válida para el cálculo del valor normal, puesto que existen, en ambos casos, circunstancias distorsionantes que no se presentan en una industria que opera bajo principios de mercado. 70. Para demostrar que China es una economía de no mercado, Plastiglas presentó el documento de análisis "Economía de no mercado, en la industria del país investigado, y país sustituto", en adelante Estudio China ENM, en el cual se examinan los criterios establecidos en el artículo 48 del RLCE, para efectos de los insumos utilizados en la producción del producto investigado. De dicho documento se destaca lo siguiente: i. La moneda del país bajo investigación no es convertible de manera generalizada en los mercados internacionales de divisas 71. Plastiglas señaló que los principales obstáculos para la convertibilidad del yuan radican en que en China no prevalece un régimen cambiario de libre flotación, los controles de capitales y en la alineación del crecimiento de los agregados monetarios con el crecimiento económico. 72. El Informe Anual sobre Regímenes de Cambios y Restricciones Cambiarias, AREAER, por las siglas en inglés de Annual Report on Exchange Arrangements and Exchange Restrictions 2023, elaborado por el Fondo Monetario Internacional, en adelante FMI, analiza los regímenes cambiarios de los países miembros y los clasifica con base en las características de facto que observa, que ocurren en cada régimen (régimen de facto). El tipo de régimen en que los clasifica puede ser distinto al régimen que cada país declara oficialmente (régimen de jure). 73. Indicó que el sistema del FMI señala que, a pesar de que China cuenta de jure con un régimen cambiario con flotación administrada o flexibilidad limitada, considera que de facto podría clasificase en una categoría denominada "otros regímenes gestionados", la cual se utiliza cuando el régimen cambiario no cumple los criterios de ninguna de las otras categorías definidas, tal como la de libre flotación, o cuando los regímenes se caracterizan por frecuentes cambios en las políticas. En este sentido, el régimen cambiario chino está gestionado directamente por el Banco Popular de China, quien autoriza y publica diariamente el rango de precios en el que flota el yuan respecto a ciertas monedas internacionales. 74. En el Estudio China ENM, Plastiglas señala que los objetivos de la política monetaria alinean el crecimiento de los agregados monetarios con el crecimiento económico y los controles de capital que aún prevalecen, que limitan la entrada y salida de capitales extranjeros, lo que representa un obstáculo adicional para la total convertibilidad. Entre los controles de capital se incluyen límites a inversiones extranjeras en mercados locales para una lista de sectores; controles sobre préstamos transfronterizos y límites en las concesiones de crédito por instituciones como el Banco Central de China; restricciones en las operaciones con derivados, y prohibición para adquirir criptoactivos internacionales. 75. En el mismo Estudio China ENM se señala que la intervención de la autoridad china en el mercado cambiario se refleja en la desalineación entre el tipo de cambio real y el nominal, fenómeno observado durante el periodo 2020 a 2024, a partir de la información elaborada por el Banco de la Reserva Federal de San Luis de los Estados Unidos, visible en su página de Internet https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/EXCHUS, que permite observar las discrepancias y evolución entre ambos tipos de cambio. 76. Adicionalmente, en el Estudio China ENM se desarrolla que la convertibilidad de la moneda china se encuentra sujeta a un riguroso mecanismo de control dual en mercados separados: el mercado del RMB o yuan (CNY) que opera en China continental (onshore), y el mercado del RMB o yuan (CNH) que opera en el mercado externo (offshore). Estos mercados difieren, según las regulaciones o participantes del mercado, y cada mercado tiene su propio tipo de cambio, tal como se describe en el artículo "CNY vs. CNH: Una explicación sobre los dos tipos de renminbi negociados para la moneda China", elaborado por Cristian Rusconi, publicado por LinkedIn el 29 de agosto de 2023, en la página de Internet https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cny-vs-cnh-una-explicación-sobre-los-dos-tipos-de-renminbi-rusconi/. 77. La Secretaría previno a la Solicitante que presentara mayores elementos respecto a sus argumentos sobre el análisis de regímenes cambiarios que realiza el FMI, sobre el régimen cambiario chino está gestionado directamente por el Banco Popular de China y los controles de capital en China. 78. Acerca de la convertibilidad de la moneda en los mercados onshore y offshore, la Secretaría previno a Plastiglas que proporcionara mayores elementos que permitieran observar que la información obtenida sobre los tipos de RMB, negociados para la moneda China, permanece vigente en el periodo investigado. 79. Plastiglas indicó que el FMI considera que el régimen cambiario de China corresponde al de flotación administrada, es decir, un régimen donde el tipo de cambio no es libre, sino que debe fluctuar dentro de una banda predefinida por el Banco Central de China. Agregó que el rango de fluctuación del tipo de cambio de la moneda china respecto del dólar americano es de +/- 2%. 80. Explicó que los controles de capital son establecidos a través de la Comisión Reguladora de Valores, el Banco Central de China y la Administración Estatal del Tipo de Cambio y que, si bien, existe un proyecto para abrir los mercados de capital, se mantienen las medidas esenciales de capital que cubren todo tipo de transacciones. 81. Para sustentar que la convertibilidad de la moneda en los mercados onshore y offshore permaneció vigente durante el periodo investigado, la Solicitante presentó la publicación "¿Renminbi o yuan? Entendiendo la moneda china" del EBC Financial Group, del 17 de junio de 2025, visible en la página de Internet https://www.ebc.com/es/ donde se explica que el término RMB es el nombre oficial de la moneda de China, es emitido por el Banco Popular de China y utilizado en contextos oficiales y financieros. Sin embargo, no representa una unidad monetaria como el dólar o la libra, sino que refleja el nombre propio del sistema monetario. 82. El yuan es la unidad utilizada dentro del sistema monetario, en los sistemas financieros internacionales, el código (CNY) correspondiente al yuan se utiliza para cotizar los tipos de cambio, fijar el precio de las divisas y realizar transacciones. 83. Por su parte el yuan (CNH) que opera en el mercado externo offshore es utilizado fuera de China continental, especialmente en Hong Kong y en los mercados internacionales, está sujeto a menos controles de capital y puede negociarse con mayor libertad que el yuan (CNY) que opera en el mercado onshore. 84. Si bien el CNY y el CNH se refieren a la misma denominación, es decir al yuan, sus tipos de cambio pueden diferir ligeramente debido a las condiciones de mercado y los marcos regulatorios en China. 85. La Solicitante señaló que la ventaja competitiva artificial se da en la misma operación comercial cuando la mercancía investigada se liquida mediante divisa distinta a la de China, debido a que la política cambiaria del país investigado favorece el precio de exportación de una forma generalizada y no solo en el producto investigado. Con la moneda depreciada, las mercancías chinas son más baratas y su comercio exterior se incrementa. ii. Que los salarios del país extranjero se establezcan mediante libre negociación entre trabajadores y patrones 86. La negociación salarial entre empleador y trabajador en China no se desarrolla en la libertad de una economía de mercado. Existen medidas gubernamentales que tienen injerencia en los términos de la contratación laboral, tales como: a.     La determinación salarial por parte de los gobiernos provinciales. En China el salario mínimo no se define mediante negociación entre empleadores y trabajadores, sino que lo fijan los gobiernos provinciales, regionales o municipales a diferencia de países como México y los Estados Unidos, donde hay mayor libertad de negociación. b.    Los parámetros para la fijación del salario se establecen en el artículo 46 de la Ley Laboral de China, entre los que se encuentran el salario promedio, la productividad y el desarrollo regional que frenan el crecimiento del salario, así, si los salarios están determinados por los gobiernos provinciales y, conjuntamente, se controla el poder de negociación de los sindicatos, el resultado es la contención del crecimiento salarial. c.     La ausencia de libertad sindical y negociación colectiva. La negociación colectiva tiene el efecto económico de impulsar al alza, el costo que representa el trabajador en el proceso productivo, mientras que en China se vulneran los derechos de libre asociación y negociación colectiva. De acuerdo con la Organización Internacional del Trabajo, en adelante OIT, China no ha ratificado convenios internacionales claves sobre derechos colectivos, como los relacionados con la libertad sindical y la negociación colectiva, lo que contribuye a mantener bajos los costos laborales del proceso productivo. Información obtenida de la página de Internet https://normlex.ilo.org/dyn/nrmlx_es/f?p=NORMLEXPUB:11210:0::NO::P11210_COUNTRY_ID:103404. d.    Agregó que, incluso el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea sobre las distorsiones inducidas por el Estado en la economía china de 2024, en adelante el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea, señala que en China los sindicatos están controlados por el gobierno de forma legal. Este control impide que la central sindical del país sea autónoma e independiente, principios fundamentales para el funcionamiento de sindicatos en una economía de mercado. e.     El control sobre la oferta de mano de obra. China ha mantenido durante décadas el sistema hukou, que restringe la migración interna según el registro de residencia, dividiendo a la población entre zonas urbanas (con acceso a beneficios sociales) y zonas rurales (con acceso limitado o nulo a beneficios sociales). f.     El sistema hukou buscaba controlar la movilidad laboral y evitar un mercado laboral libre, aunque fue reformado en 2014 y flexibilizado en 2022, el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea señala que aun limita la movilidad y el acceso a la protección social, lo que impide que el costo de la mano de obra se rija por la oferta y reduce los beneficios de los trabajadores, abaratando los costos para los empleadores. iii. Que las decisiones del sector o industria bajo investigación sobre precios, costos y abastecimiento de insumos, incluidas las materias primas, tecnología, producción, ventas e inversión, se adopten en respuesta a las señales de mercado y sin interferencias significativas del Estado 87. La Solicitante señaló que el gobierno de China sigue controlando en forma centralizada y planificada variables macroeconómicas que impactan los precios y costos de diversas mercancías a través de políticas y programas de apoyo a sectores y/o regiones específicas. Indicó que los mecanismos para hacerlo se delinean en el XIV Plan Quinquenal de China, que marca las directrices a seguir de 2021 a 2025 y describe los objetivos generales del país, las principales tareas y todos los aspectos del desarrollo para un periodo de cinco años. 88. En el Estudio China ENM se destaca el perfil de la industria petroquímica que influyen en los costos y el abastecimiento en China, donde la competitividad de las industrias del petróleo y la petroquímica se explica por la presencia de las empresas estatales que controlan la producción de materias primas que cuentan con acceso a financiamiento, terrenos y decisiones estratégicas por parte del Estado. 89. Plastiglas señaló que la refinación del petróleo está concentrada en cuatro empresas, siendo tres de ellas de propiedad estatal: Sinochem Holding, Co., Ltd., en adelante Sinochem Holding; Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical, Co., Ltd., en adelante Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical, y PetroChina, Co., Ltd., en adelante PetroChina. Presentó un cuadro obtenido del Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea donde se listan a las 10 mayores empresas chinas en la industria química, que indica si las empresas son propiedad del Estado o privada. 90. Plastiglas, también proporcionó el perfil de cada una de las empresas listadas, tal como se señala a continuación: a.     Sinochem Holding es una empresa que cuenta con un modelo integrado de las etapas upstream (aguas arriba) y downstream (aguas abajo) para la comercialización, refinación, almacenamiento, logística y comercialización de petróleo y productos químicos. Produce diversos compuestos petroquímicos y químicos, entre ellos, acetona y propileno, materias primas básicas para producir monómero de MMA, insumos básicos para la elaboración de las láminas acrílicas objeto de investigación. b.    Sinochem Holding no es una empresa estatal, sino una en la que su gobernanza corporativa no se rige por principios de mercado; basta observar que el consejo de administración está integrado por consejeros no ejecutivos, que son a su vez funcionarios gubernamentales, lo que permite, razonablemente, aseverar que las decisiones corporativas están asociadas al gobierno central del país investigado. c.     Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical, empresa energética y petroquímica con negocios integrados agua arriba y aguas abajo, producción, suministro, comercialización y comercio nacional e internacional. Es el mayor proveedor de petróleo y productos petroquímicos de China, así como la mayor empresa de refinación y la segunda mayor empresa química del mundo. d.    En cuanto a su naturaleza jurídico-económica, se trata de una empresa estatal creada a partir de la entonces China Petrochemical Corporation, que cuenta con una participación accionaria del 67.56%, a partir de lo identificado en su reporte anual. A su vez, Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical es una empresa de refinación de petróleo y de productos, controlada por el Consejo de Estado de China en adelante Consejo de Estado. e.     Respecto a la industria involucrada en la cadena de producción de la mercancía investigada, menciona que se ha dado a la producción y generación de dos insumos empleados en la producción del monómero de MMA, materia prima en la fabricación de lámina acrílica, e igualmente en la generación de energía, lo que permite suponer la existencia de ventajas que benefician a la industria investigada de lámina acrílica. f.     PetroChina. El informe anual de PetroChina reporta que la Corporación Nacional de Petróleo de China, CNPC, por las siglas en inglés de China National Petroleum Corporation, persona jurídica de propiedad estatal, es tenedora del 82.46% de las acciones de PetroChina. Es la mayor productora y distribuidora de petróleo y gas de Asia. Igualmente, tiene operaciones en el área de refinación de petróleo crudo y productos derivados de petróleo, producción y venta de productos químicos básicos y derivados. g.    Para cada una de sus afirmaciones, la Solicitante presentó información disponible en las páginas de Internet https://www.sinochem.com/sinochem/guwm/qygk/jj/A031002001001Gone1.html, http://spc.sinopec.com/spc/en/investor/performance_report/Documents/20240429/doc_20240429_355854467945.pdf y https://www.petrochina.com.cn/ptr/rdxx/202404/82094bcd144f40068ae45d46d48b643b/files/f9a9a2c3b2cb4029b33399ea3c699fa6.pdf de las empresas relacionadas con las empresas estatales y los informes anuales. 91. Asimismo, Plastiglas proporcionó el artículo "El procesamiento de petróleo crudo en China alcanzó un máximo histórico en 2023", disponible en la página de Internet https://elperiodicodelaenergia.com/procesamiento-petroleo-crudo-china-alcanzo-maximo-historico-2023/, que señala que China es el país que ha reportado un aumento en la capacidad instalada de refinación a nivel mundial. En cuanto a los petroquímicos, son los componentes esenciales para producir plásticos, resinas y fibras ampliamente utilizadas en bienes de consumo, embalajes y textiles. En los últimos años, las adiciones de capacidad en China se integraron con instalaciones petroquímicas. Por lo anterior, señaló que es razonable concluir que el aumento de producción de los insumos empleados para la elaboración de MMA, materia prima para la fabricación del producto objeto de investigación, afecta necesariamente su costo de producción. 92. En el Estudio China ENM, consta el perfil de la industria de láminas acrílicas en China y señala que en plataformas mayoristas como Made-in-China.com se encuentran más de 2,000 empresas que ofrecen láminas acrílicas. La Solicitante proporcionó como sustento, impresión de la página de productores de lámina acrílica en China, donde destacó a las empresas identificadas como fabricantes del producto investigado, con el objetivo de mostrar la magnitud de la industria, enfocándose en empresas representativas de la industria por su volumen anual de producción, tal como se observa a continuación: a.     Jinan Jinbao Plastic se encuentra ubicada en Jianan, provincia de Shandong China, es una fabricante especializada de láminas plásticas, incluyendo láminas acrílicas, así como láminas de PVC espumado, láminas PS o de poliestireno, y otros materiales plásticos, para las aplicaciones publicitarias, de construcción y decoración. Se reporta que su producción anual de láminas acrílicas es de aproximadamente 21,600 toneladas. Esto incluye principalmente láminas acrílicas transparentes, de colores, espejo y opalinas. Con exportaciones a más de 100 países, entre los que destacan los Estados Unidos, Canadá, México, Brasil, entre otros. b.    Walglas Group, es proveedor de soluciones de servicios e integración de recursos materiales del mundo, especialmente en la producción y venta de lámina acrílica. Con una base de producción de más de 50,000 metros cuadrados, en adelante mt2, con una capacidad de más de 30,000 toneladas y un centro de investigación y desarrollo. c.     Jumei Acrylic Manufacturing, se trata de un fabricante y desarrolladora de lámina acrílica, ubicada en la zona industrial de Yushan, Sangrao, provincia de Juiangxi, China. Productora de la mercancía investigada desde hace 20 años. Su red de distribución al mercado de exportación alcanza 120 países, con una superficie de 50,000 mt2 y una producción anual que alcanza las 20,000 toneladas. d.    MDE Plastics, Co., es una empresa productora de láminas acrílicas desde 1999, ubicada en Foshan, Guangdong, China. En cuanto a su producción anual, la propia empresa reporta que alcanza 1,000 toneladas de lámina. e.     Shandong Jiaxinda New Material, Co., Ltd., concentra su producción en la lámina acrílica, está ubicada en la Ciudad de Jinan, provincia de Shandong, China. La empresa se reconoce como el mayor exportador de acrílico en el norte de China; cuenta con una línea de ensamblaje automático y emplea MMA de marcas chinas y de importación. La propia empresa estima su producción anual de lámina acrílica en 20,000 toneladas. f.     Changzhou HSQY Plastic Group, se localiza en Changzhou, Jingsu, China, cuenta con 15 años de operación y siete plantas orientadas a producción de productos plásticos, como láminas rígidas transparentes de PVC, láminas flexibles, productos procesados de plásticos y lámina acrílica. La empresa refiere que cuenta con cuatro líneas de extrusión y cuatro líneas de fundición de acrílico, con una capacidad anual de producción de láminas acrílicas de 1,200 toneladas. Dentro de la gama de láminas acrílicas que produce, están las transparentes, negras, iridiscentes, entre otras. 93. Además, Plastiglas indicó que consideró los datos del estudio "Láminas acrílicas - cuota de mercado global y clasificación. Pronóstico general de ventas y demanda 2025-2031" elaborado por la empresa consultora QRY Research en 2025, en adelante Estudio de QRY, con la finalidad de proporcionar datos representativos de algunas productoras en el mercado de lámina acrílica en China, ya sea debido a su volumen de ventas o de producción. 94. En el Estudio de QRY, también se alude que en el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea se hace referencia a que las medidas gubernamentales influyen en los costos y abastecimiento en la industria química. 95. En el XIV Plan Quinquenal para el Desarrollo de la Industria Verde de la Provincia de Jiangsu, en adelante XIV Plan Quinquenal de Jiangsu, se observa cómo a través de la planificación del Partido Comunista prevalece influencia en los costos y abastecimiento en la industria química. Dicho Plan proviene de una de las provincias con mayor concentración de empresas productoras químicas, que establece objetivos detallados sobre la forma de impulsar la producción de etileno, acetona y propileno en Lianyungang, insumos esenciales para fabricar MMA y láminas acrílicas. También: a.     Identifica el intervencionismo Estatal que existe en la producción de los insumos empleados para la producción de MMA y PMMA, destacando que el gobierno chino impulsa el sector químico mediante políticas públicas que buscan aumentar la capacidad de producción, modernizar la industria y promover productos especializados. b.    Además de políticas como la reubicación de plantas productoras y el financiamiento público, que se implementan al margen de las condiciones de mercado, este enfoque intervencionista crea un impulso artificial orientado a objetivos nacionales, limitando el libre funcionamiento del mercado, especialmente dado que muchas de las principales empresas del sector son Estatales. 96. El Estudio China ENM, cuyo sustento primordial son el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea y el XIV Plan Quinquenal de Jiangsu, lista diversas medidas adoptadas por China que favorecen el costo y abastecimiento a la industria química, que forma parte de la cadena de producción de láminas acrílicas, de lo que se observa lo siguiente: a.     Se incentiva la creación de clúster industriales en este sector para aprovechar las independencias de los diversos procesos de fabricación de productos químicos, principalmente en las provincias de Jiangsu, Shandong y Hube. En específico se plantea incrementar la concentración de la producción química a granel y la tasa de utilización de la capacidad al 80%, mejorando la seguridad del suministro del etileno. b.    El gobierno chino ayudaría a las empresas líderes del sector químico a acelerar fusiones y reorganizaciones transregionales y de propiedad cruzada, a fin de lograr una mayor concentración de la industria. c.     Entre las medidas que declara el gobierno de Shandong, está fortalecer los incentivos fiscales, aprovechar al máximo la función de los fondos especiales; exención de impuestos; acelerar la devolución del crédito del impuesto al valor agregado y el incremento en el apoyo financiero a áreas claves, como la de la tecnología química. 97. Las medidas anteriores reflejan el alto nivel de fomento industrial que impulsa a China en el sector químico, con niveles de detalle y especificidad que no son propios de una política general de fomento industrial per se. Lo anterior, es coincidente con la conclusión del Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea, en el sentido de que China diseña sus apoyos desde la fase inicial hasta la final de las cadenas de valor en la producción de químicos. La especificidad de las medidas gubernamentales se identifica en dos vías, a nivel estatal y a nivel industrial. iv. Que se permitan inversiones y coinversiones con firmas extranjeras 98. En el Estudio China ENM se señala que los inversores extranjeros que desean invertir en China deben consultar la "Lista negativa para acceso a los mercados" para verificar si el sector está abierto a la inversión privada, además, deben revisar las Medidas Administrativas Especiales relativas al Acceso a la Inversión Extranjera (Lista Negativa Nacional) y las Medidas Administrativas Especiales relativas al Acceso de la Inversión Extranjera a las Zonas Francas Experimentales (Lista Negativa para las Zonas Francas Experimentales). 99. Asimismo, que de acuerdo con el Índice de Restricciones Regulatorias de la Inversión Extranjera Directa de la Organización para la Cooperación y el Desarrollo Económico, en adelante OCDE, en 2023 China ocupó el puesto 17 de 104 países, lo que lo posiciona como uno de los países con mayores restricciones al capital extranjero. Como sustento presentó la publicación "Índice de Restricción Regulatoria de la IED", visible en la página de Internet https://www.oecd.org/en/topics/sub-issues/sustainable- investment/ fdi-regulatory-restrictiveness-index.html. v. Que la industria bajo investigación posea exclusivamente un juego de libros de registro contable conforme a principios de contabilidad generalmente aceptados 100. Al respecto, la Solicitante manifestó que no dispone de información contable de las empresas del sector investigado en China, por lo que no puede confirmar si aplican normas contables internacionales o regulaciones propias. 101. Agregó que obtener dicha información es difícil debido a su carácter confidencial, sin embargo, esto no impide concluir que la industria china de lámina acrílica no opera bajo principios de mercado, ya que existen pruebas más relevantes, como la influencia del gobierno chino en la distorsión de los costos de producción. 102. No obstante, tuvo a su alcance información que revela la identificación de empresas offshore en las Islas Británicas que no fueron informadas en las presentaciones públicas de algunas empresas estatales del país investigado, incluso empleadas presuntamente para la evasión fiscal. Si bien, algunas de las entidades offshore se divulgaron en informes anuales, muchas nunca se revelaron en bolsa. Las empresas también se negaron a revelar si su lista completa de entidades offshore se había notificado privadamente al gobierno chino, como lo exige la legislación china. El gobierno chino nunca aclaró si las empresas offshore vinculadas a ejecutivos petroleros fueron creadas como parte de las funciones oficiales de esos individuos o si fueron fundadas con otros fines. Lo anterior, fue reportado por el periódico británico The Guardian que también refiere que el "Banco de China" incluso reportó que 120 mil millones de dólares fueron sustraídos de estas empresas, iniciando juicios en contra de altos ejecutivos de empresas estatales como "Sinopec" y "PetroChina". Presentó el artículo "Los gigantes petroleros chinos utilizan empresas fantasmas offshore en el Caribe", de James Ball, publicado por The Guardian el 22 de enero de 2014, página de Internet https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/22/chinese-oil-giants-offshore-shell-companies-caribbean. 103. La información publicada en la página de Internet de PetroChina permite confirmar que las citadas investigaciones son ciertas, puesto que en la información para inversionistas se refiere que "La Oficina Nacional de Auditoría de la República Popular China anunció en junio de 2017, el descubrimiento de ciertas irregularidades en las prácticas contables de PetroChina y sus filiales", admite la sustanciación de una investigación tras haber identificado la solicitud de inversión pública y el pago de compensaciones sin la debida presupuestación ni la presentación ante la Comisión de Supervisión y Administración de Activos Estatales del Consejo de Estado para su registro. Información que obtuvo en la página de Internet https://www.petrochina.com.cn/ptr/dmxx/commonlist_norig.shtml, correspondiente a la información para inversores. vi. Que los costos de producción y situación financiera del sector o industria bajo investigación no sufran distorsiones en relación con la depreciación de activos, deudas incobrables, comercio de trueque y pagos de compensación de deudas 104. Plastiglas indicó que el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea señala que el XIV Plan Quinquenal de China, incluye medidas de apoyo, como la colaboración con el sector financiero para fortalecer el respaldo a la industria química. 105. Agregó que, de acuerdo con el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea, el Plan Químico de Shandong confirma la aplicación de apoyos financieros y fiscales para impulsar a las empresas químicas, incluyendo incentivos como la innovación financiera, reubicación industrial, renovación de equipos, investigación y desarrollo, además de seguros técnicos y financiamiento para el desarrollo y el incremento del apoyo financiero a áreas clave de la tecnología química, entre otras. 106. En el más reciente informe de la Secretaría General de la OMC, respecto del Examen de Políticas Comerciales de China, noviembre de 2024, indica que las principales decisiones de política monetaria sobre préstamos y tasas de depósito siguen siendo responsabilidad del Consejo del Estado, y son establecidas directamente por el Banco Central de China. 107. Así, al operar con materia prima, energía, capital crediticio y mano de obra en condiciones distorsionadas, la estructura de costos de los productores de láminas acrílicas también se distorsiona, lo cual les permite tener ventajas comparativas artificiales. Ello se concreta en precios de los productos finales que se ubican consistentemente por debajo de los indicadores de precios internacionales. 108. En el Estudio China ENM, en lo que hace a la política de cuentas incobrables, se señala que las deudas incobrables son un problema en China, por ejemplo, el aumento de préstamos morosos de la banca hacia empresas de propiedad estatal; el progresivo aumento de la deuda pública de los gobiernos provinciales, así como el recurso a las empresas de gestión de activos para absorber la deuda incobrable, lo que ha aumentado la llamada deuda oculta. b. Determinación 109. La Secretaría efectuó un análisis integral de los argumentos, información y pruebas aportados por Plastiglas que obran en el expediente administrativo. En principio, observó que de conformidad con el inciso d) del apartado 15 del Protocolo de Adhesión de China a la OMC, en adelante Protocolo de Adhesión, únicamente expiró la romanita ii) del inciso a) en diciembre de 2016. No obstante, como texto vigente permanecen el inciso a) y la romanita i) del apartado 15 del Protocolo de Adhesión. En el mencionado inciso a) se establece la posibilidad de aplicar una metodología basada en los precios o costos en China, de los productores chinos, o bien, una metodología que no se base en esos precios o costos. Así, la Secretaría consideró que la sola expiración de la vigencia del inciso a) romanita ii) del apartado 15 del Protocolo de Adhesión, no significa que haya dejado de existir la posibilidad de emplear una metodología que no se base en una comparación estricta con los precios internos o los costos en China. 110. En este sentido, las bases metodológicas para determinar la comparabilidad de los precios en los procedimientos antidumping en los que se investigan productos de origen chino están expresamente contenidas, en principio, en el inciso a) del apartado 15 del Protocolo de Adhesión, mismo que no ha expirado, al igual que la romanita i). De conformidad con el inciso a), existe la posibilidad legal de utilizar los precios o costos de los productores chinos investigados en China, o la de emplear una metodología que no se base en una comparación estricta con los precios o costos en China. 111. Por lo anterior, la Secretaría determinó que existe una base legal para evaluar la propuesta de la Solicitante de considerar a China como una economía de no mercado en la producción y venta de lámina acrílica y, en consecuencia, analizar la procedencia de aplicar la metodología de país sustituto. 112. Con base en los argumentos y pruebas que presentó Plastiglas, además de los elementos que la Secretaría se allegó, para sustentar que en China la industria de lámina acrílica no se comporta conforme a principios de mercado, la Secretaría, de conformidad con los artículos 33 de la LCE y 48 RLCE, señala lo siguiente: a.     Respecto del criterio referente a que la moneda del país extranjero bajo investigación sea convertible de manera generalizada en los mercados internacionales de divisas: i.     Plastiglas identificó la injerencia gubernamental en la convertibilidad de la moneda china, lo que permite que las industrias que importan bienes para su procesamiento industrial y/o exportan su producto final, tengan ventajas cambiarias artificiales. Observó que la conversión de la moneda china a divisas internacionales es parcial, pues no se determina enteramente por el mercado. Aunado a ello, señaló que la convertibilidad de la moneda está sujeta a un mecanismo de control dual que se maneja en dos mercados separados: onshore y offshore, de acuerdo con el artículo "CNY vs. CNH: Una explicación sobre los dos tipos de renmimbi negociados para la moneda China", elaborado por Cristian Rusconi en 2023. ii.     La Secretaría consideró que en el Estudio China ENM, Plastiglas proporcionó información para sustentar que en la economía China se siguen manteniendo restricciones sobre las categorías de transacciones de cuenta de capital. La convertibilidad de la moneda es existente pero restringida del RMB por parte del gobierno de China; la identificación del control sobre los valores del mercado de capitales, de los instrumentos del mercado monetario, de los títulos de inversión colectiva, sobre derivados y otros instrumentos, así como el control sobre transacciones de mercado. iii.    Adicionalmente, la Secretaría se allegó información que permite observar que el comportamiento expuesto se mantuvo sin cambios, esto es, una participación significativa por parte del gobierno de China en la intercambiabilidad de la moneda durante el periodo investigado. Lo anterior, de conformidad con la publicación "China's Currency Campaign / The Challenge of Internationalisation and Digitalisation of the Renminbi" elaborado por Hanns Günther Hilpert para el Instituto Alemán de Asuntos Internacionales y de Seguridad el 11 de junio de 2024, página de Internet https://www.swp-berlin.org/10.18449/2024RP07/#hd-d30561e818, según el cual, cuando un país se involucra en transacciones comerciales y financieras internacionales, surgen tres factores que pueden estar en conflicto: a) estabilidad del tipo de cambio; b) libre movimiento de capitales; y c) preservación de autonomía en la política monetaria. Como consecuencia de esos conflictos, se menciona que no es visible si China logrará una completa convertibilidad de su moneda, ni cuándo o cómo lo hará, dado que, aunque China ha progresado en desarrollar su sector financiero doméstico y en liberalizar tasas de interés y tipos de cambio, los movimientos de capital siguen estando estrictamente regulados como resultado de grupos de interés, del funcionamiento de la economía propiedad del Estado y de barreras sistémicas que obstaculizan la transición hacia la convertibilidad. Particularmente, señala que la posibilidad de perder control genera resistencia política que hace que la convertibilidad del RMB actualmente sea ilusoria. iv.    En estas condiciones, la política cambiaria parece afectar a todos los sectores de la economía en general, incluyendo a las importaciones y exportaciones de productos en China. En este caso, las exportaciones chinas tendrían precios artificialmente bajos con relación a los precios internacionales fijados por las leyes de la oferta y la demanda. b.    Respecto a que los salarios de ese país extranjero se establezcan mediante libre negociación entre trabajadores y patrones: i.     Conforme a la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, se observó que China no ha ratificado los convenios y protocolos actualizados relacionados con la libertad sindical y derecho de huelga protegido, abolición de la mano de obra forzada, derecho de sindicación, negociación colectiva, emitidos por la OIT. Asimismo, la mano de obra, al estar sujeta a controles de residencia por parte del gobierno chino a través del sistema hukou, no permite que los salarios se establezcan mediante una libre negociación entre empleados y patrones. ii.     Adicionalmente, la Secretaría se allegó información que permite observar el comportamiento señalado por la Solicitante, por ejemplo: (1)   Realizó un análisis integral de la información publicada por la OIT, consultada en 2025, que permite observar que siguen sin ratificarse convenios relacionados con la libertad sindical y la protección del derecho de sindicación, convenios sobre el derecho de sindicación y de negociación colectiva, entre otros. Esos datos se encuentran disponibles en la página de Internet https://normlex.ilo.org/dyn/nrmlx_es/f?p=1000:11210:0::NO:11210:P11210_COUNTRY_ID:103404, misma página presentada por la Solicitante. (2)   La información proporcionada por Plastiglas, que abarca a 2023 y 2024 en el análisis del mercado laboral, permite observar situaciones que afectan el mercado laboral chino, que incluyen convenios internacionales que no han sido ratificados por China, la ausencia de libertad sindical y derecho de huelga protegido, la existencia de un sistema de control de las migraciones internas, y salarios rezagados, que se transfieren y siguen afectando al producto investigado. (3)   Los controles sindicales, las particularidades observadas en la movilidad de la mano de obra por el sistema hukou, entre otros factores, limitan la asociación y negociación de los trabajadores, lo cual contribuye a las distorsiones en los costos laborales y limita la capacidad de los trabajadores, que se reflejan en los costos de producción y los precios de los productos fabricados en China. iii.    En el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea, proporcionado por la Solicitante, se identifican los controles sindicales, las particularidades observadas en la movilidad de la mano de obra por el sistema hukou, entre otros factores que limitan la asociación y negociación de los trabajadores, lo que contribuye a las distorsiones en los costos laborales y limita la capacidad de los trabajadores, que se refleja en los costos de producción y los precios de los productos fabricados en China. c.     Respecto del criterio referente a que las decisiones sobre precios, costos y abastecimiento de insumos se adopten en respuesta a las señales de mercado y sin interferencias significativas del Estado: i.     La Secretaría identificó que el análisis proporcionado por la Solicitante, principalmente corresponde a la situación bajo la cual se encontró la producción y venta de la industria en la cual se encuentra el producto objeto de investigación en la economía china, y se puede inferir que dicho comportamiento se refleja en la producción y venta de las láminas acrílicas, ya que en la producción de las materias primas esenciales para su elaboración se cuenta con la presencia de empresas estatales que cuentan con acceso a financiamiento, terrenos y decisiones estratégicas en producción y concentración de mercado por parte del Estado. ii.     La Secretaría también identificó que China ocupa el primer lugar de los países productores de productos químicos a nivel mundial, y de las diez mayores empresas químicas chinas, las tres de mayor participación son de propiedad del Estado, Sinochem Holding, Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical y PetroChina, que juntas representan el 75% en términos de ventas. iii.    Adicionalmente, la Secretaría se allegó información que permite observar el comportamiento señalado por la Solicitante, por ejemplo: (1)   La información financiera de las empresas Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical, PetroChina y China National Offshore Oil Corporation, correspondiente a los ejercicios fiscales 2023 y 2024, en la cual corroboró la participación accionaria del gobierno chino en estas empresas, identificó la presencia de incentivos fiscales, de concesiones y la injerencia del gobierno en algunas de las actividades productivas efectuadas por estas empresas. (2)   Derivado del análisis de la información presentada por Plastiglas, la Secretaría observó que las decisiones del sector petroquímico en China están influenciadas por el Estado. La concentración de la refinación de petróleo en empresas estatales, junto con la implementación de planes quinquenales y la intervención en el mercado eléctrico, demuestra que estas decisiones podrían no responder en su totalidad a señales de mercado. iv.    Por lo anterior, la Secretaría identificó que la información disponible apunta a la existencia de propiedad, control y/o intervención gubernamental en la industria que incluye al producto investigado. d.    Respecto a que se permitan inversiones extranjeras y coinversiones con firmas extranjeras: i.     Con base en la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, la Secretaría observó que, aunque se permiten ciertas inversiones extranjeras en la industria petroquímica china, están condicionadas por restricciones regulatorias como" "Listas negativas" y procesos de aprobación selectiva. Estas políticas limitan la participación accionaria y orientan las inversiones hacia sectores estratégicos definidos por el gobierno, restringiendo así la libre entrada de capital extranjero. ii.     Adicionalmente, la Secretaría se allegó información que permite observar que: (1)   La OCDE, señala que existen restricciones regulatorias en los límites de capital extranjero para el año de 2023. Información relacionada con el Índice de Restricción Regulatoria de la Inversión Extranjera Directa IED de la OCDE, última actualización en diciembre de 2024, página de Internet, https://data-explorer.oecd.org/vis?tm=restrictiveness&pg=0&snb=22&df[ds]=dsDisseminateFinalDMZ&df[id]=DSD_FDIRRI_SCORES%40DF_FDIRRI_SCORES&df[ag]=OECD.DAF.INV&df[vs]=1.0&dq=CHN._T...&lom=LASTNPERIODS&lo=1&to[TIME_PERIOD]=false&vw=tb. (2)   El Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea indica que siguen existiendo importantes barreras para la inversión nacional y extranjera. Los dirigentes chinos siguen regulando la inversión, para orientar los flujos de inversión hacia los sectores favorecidos en función de la planificación económica central. En la misma fuente se señaló que las restricciones y los controles sobre la inversión se aplican a todos los niveles de gobierno en China y afectan tanto a la inversión nacional como a la extranjera. También se expone que existe un sistema de control de la inversión extranjera directa, donde se regulan las decisiones de inversión utilizando una compleja red de políticas industriales. Al emplear restricciones y prohibiciones relacionadas con la inversión, el gobierno chino mantiene un control considerable sobre la economía del país y trata de contrarrestar o de alterar las fuerzas del mercado. e.     Respecto del criterio referente a que la industria bajo investigación posea exclusivamente un juego de libros de registro contable que se utilizan para todos los efectos, y que son auditados conforme a principios de contabilidad generalmente aceptados. La Secretaría se allegó información como la Guía de contabilidad y auditoría en China en 2024, que permite observar que: i.     El sistema contable en China se basa en dos conjuntos de normas emitidas por el Ministerio de Finanzas: las Normas de Contabilidad de China. Las primeras se conforman por las Normas de contabilidad para empresas comerciales, ASBEs por las siglas en inglés de Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, que son obligatorias para empresas cotizadas y aseguradoras, y se alinean parcialmente con las Normas Internacionales de Información Financiera, IFRS por las siglas en inglés de International Financial Reporting Standards. Las segundas son más simplificadas y relacionadas con las leyes fiscales para pequeñas empresas comerciales. Aunque existen esfuerzos por acercar las normas chinas a las IFRS, existen diferencias importantes, sobre todo en la valuación de activos, uso de moneda y medición del valor razonable. Además, observó que las ASBEs a menudo quedan desactualizadas debido a retrasos en su revisión. ii.     Asimismo, identificó que el gobierno de China introdujo medidas para limitar el tiempo de contratación de firmas contables por parte de empresas estatales y mejorar la seguridad de la información financiera, aunque la implementación de estas reformas sigue siendo lenta, especialmente en empresas que no cotizan en bolsa. De lo anterior, se desprende que no existe confiabilidad en las cifras y datos reportados por las empresas chinas en sus registros contables. f.     Respecto a que los costos de producción y situación financiera del sector o industria bajo investigación no sufren distorsiones en relación con la depreciación de activos, deudas incobrables, comercio de trueque y pagos de compensación de deudas, u otros factores que se consideren pertinentes: i.     Con la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, la Secretaría observó que las distorsiones en los costos y precios de la lámina acrílica son producto de prácticas como la fijación de precios energéticos, el control sobre la producción de insumos básicos y la financiación preferencial a empresas estatales. Es decir, estos factores resultan en costos y precios que no responden a principios de mercado. ii.     En el Informe de la Comisión de la Unión Europea se menciona que las empresas Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical y Sinochem Holding se encuentran dentro de la lista de las diez mayores empresas públicas en China en 2023. En este sentido, es razonable asumir que en China los costos de producción y situación financiera de las empresas públicas sufren distorsiones en relación con deudas incobrables o compensación de deudas. iii.    La Secretaría advierte que la información anterior debe considerarse como parte de los aspectos relevantes que afectan a los costos de producción y a los precios de la mercancía investigada, como es la presencia del gobierno en la cadena de producción de las láminas acrílicas, la presencia de una participación estatal dentro de las principales empresas productoras que componen a la industria petroquímica y el control de la mano de obra y de los precios de la energía eléctrica. Lo anterior, lleva a concluir que las empresas estatales tienen un peso predominante en la producción de la materia prima y permite presumir que los precios de las materias primas no se adoptan en respuesta a las señales del mercado, sino que el Estado tiene gran influencia al respecto. 113. Con base en la información y pruebas descritas en los puntos anteriores se puede inferir la activa intervención del gobierno chino procedente de políticas gubernamentales, disposiciones regulatorias o intervención directa, que repercuten en la formación de precios y costos de los factores de la producción de la lámina acrílica en China. c. Selección de país sustituto 114. Plastiglas propuso a los Estados Unidos como país sustituto de China para efectos del cálculo del valor normal. 115. Para sustentar que en los Estados Unidos existen condiciones de mercado, Plastiglas aportó argumentos y pruebas conforme a los criterios señalados en el segundo párrafo del artículo 48 del RLCE, a partir del Estudio China ENM que contiene una sección en la que desarrolla el análisis del país sustituto, de acuerdo con lo que se describe a continuación: i. Que la moneda del país extranjero sea convertible de manera generalizada en los mercados internacionales de divisas 116. En el Estudio China ENM, Plastiglas señaló que el dólar es la moneda de referencia para los intercambios comerciales mundiales. Prácticamente las transacciones internacionales se cotizan y realizan en esta moneda con independencia de la divisa empleada en el país exportador e importador. Presentó el listado de ranking de divisas más negociadas en el mundo en 2019, publicadas por Statista, en la página de Internet https://es.statista.com/estadisticas/607496/divisas-mas-utilizadas-en-transacciones-a-nivel-mundial/. 117. Plastiglas señaló que, en las cotizaciones presentadas en la respuesta al formulario, su propia información contable, entre otros datos, solicitó que los precios se reporten en dólares. Además, la práctica administrativa de la Secretaría no niega la fiabilidad de esta divisa, la cual cuenta con hegemonía en el mercado mundial. 118. Asimismo, el Estudio China ENM explica que el FMI, de conformidad con lo dispuesto en el Artículo XIV, Sección 3, de su Convenio Constitutivo, anualmente analiza los regímenes cambiarios y comerciales de todos los miembros. Los resultados de su análisis sobre los regímenes cambiarios y comerciales de sus miembros se publican en el Annual Report on Exchange Arrangements and Exchange Restrictions. Respecto del país que se propone como sustituto, el análisis más reciente de su situación es del 30 de junio de 2023, de la cual se desprenden los siguientes elementos: a.     Estados Unidos no calcula ni publica un tipo de cambio oficial o de referencia. b.    El mercado de divisas, los tipos de cambio y las comisiones se determinan libremente. c.     No existen requisitos de licencia para operar en divisas, tampoco restricciones sobre los tipos de operaciones de cambio que pueden realizar instituciones o particulares ni sobre el tipo de cuentas en el extranjero que puedan tener. d.    En el mercado interbancario no existen límites a los diferenciales entre la oferta y la demanda ni a las comisiones de los participantes del mercado. e.     Respecto de las importaciones y sus pagos, no hay requisitos de financiación para importaciones, pagos o depósitos anticipados. 119. La Solicitante destacó que la divisa norteamericana funciona bajo un principio de libre flotación, las operaciones comerciales de la industria de lámina acrílica no cuentan con una ventaja resultante de la flotación controlada gubernamental, a través de una canasta de divisas, como es el caso de China, con la que se favorecen las exportaciones con un valor depreciado. ii. Que los salarios en los Estados Unidos se establecen mediante libre negociación entre trabajadores y patrones 120. Dentro del Estudio de China ENM, se menciona que en los Estados Unidos existe vasta legislación de protección y tutela de derechos laborales, encabezada por la Ley de Normas Laborales Justas. El Departamento de Trabajo de los Estados Unidos administra y hace cumplir más de 180 leyes federales, además, existen legislaciones de competencia concurrente por parte de sus entidades federativas. 121. El listado de dicha normatividad vigente regula algunos de los aspectos salariales más importantes, por ejemplo: a.     El ámbito personal de validez aplica tanto para trabajadores del sector público como del privado. b.    El salario mínimo se regula a nivel federal y estatal, así como el correspondiente pago de horas extraordinarias; esto bajo la administración de la División de Salarios y Horas (Wage and Hour Division), del Departamento del Trabajo. c.     Se regula el pago de horas extraordinarias y las horas máximas de trabajo por semana. d.    Se establece la obligación de los empleadores de mantener registros de horas trabajadas y salarios de sus empleados. 122. En el Estudio de China ENM también se destaca que en el Capítulo 23 del Tratado entre los Estados Unidos, México y Canadá, en adelante TMEC, los tres signatarios no solo ratifican, en el artículo 23.1 la Declaración de la OIT relativa a los Principios y Derechos Fundamentales en el Trabajo y su Seguimiento, sino también los principios que rigen la libertad de asociación y el reconocimiento efectivo del derecho a la negociación colectiva. Más aún, se establecieron dos mecanismos de solución de diferencias, el Mecanismo General y el Mecanismo Laboral de Respuesta Rápida en Instalaciones Específicas México-Estados Unidos, cuyo objetivo primordial radica en denunciar al Estado que no cumpla con la aplicación efectiva de sus disposiciones laborales, tanto de derecho individual -el primero mencionado-, como los propios de derecho colectivo. A esta fecha, después de la entrada en vigor del TMEC, no se ha presentado una sola reclamación contra los Estados Unidos por denegación de derechos de libertad sindical y negociación colectiva. 123. La Ley Nacional de Relaciones Laborales, es la que garantiza la libertad sindical, impidiendo la injerencia de los empleadores tanto en su constitución como en su administración. Por otra parte, la Ley de Información y Divulgación de Información Laboral y de Gestión de 1959, en su versión modificada (Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959, as amended), otorga derechos a los afiliados sindicales y protege sus intereses al promover procedimientos democráticos dentro de las organizaciones laborales. Es decir, se tutela que no exista manipulación de los líderes sindicales hacia los trabajadores afiliados y se impide la negociación de contratos colectivos de protección patronal. 124. Como elemento probatorio, está la existencia de la Federación Estadounidense del Trabajo y el Congreso de Organizaciones Industriales, AFL-CIO, por las siglas en inglés de American Federation of Labour Congress, que es la central obrera más representativa de los Estados Unidos, que agremia a más de 63 sindicatos nacionales y extranjeros, y a casi 15 millones de trabajadores. Es un sindicato de probada e histórica independencia gubernamental. Su estructura opera a través de coaliciones de sindicatos locales que conforman las federaciones estatales y los consejos laborales locales de la AFL-CIO, por lo cual las negociaciones colectivas no dependen solamente de su presidencia, sino de las organizaciones que lo integran. Información que obtuvo de la página de Internet del Departamento de los Estados Unidos, https://www.dol.gov/general/aboutdol/majorlaws. 125. Particularmente, para la industria del producto investigado, pudo identificar la presencia de sindicatos de las principales empresas productoras afiliadas a la AFL-CIO: a.     La administración del contrato colectivo de Plaskolite es del Sindicato Local 407G perteneciente al Sindicato Internacional de Trabajadores de Panadería, Confitería, Tabaco y Molineros de Granos, BCTGM, por las siglas en inglés de Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers International Union. Información que obtuvo de la página de Internet, https://bctgm.org/2021/07/01/bctgm-members-also-work-in-the-chemical-industry. b.    El contrato colectivo de los trabajadores de Trinseo Plc., en adelante Trinseo, es administrado por el Sindicato Local 12075-18 que forma parte de la Unión de Trabajadores Siderúrgicos, USW, por las siglas en inglés de United Steel Workers. En la información reportada en la página de Internet https://usw.org/news/local-12075-18-negotiates-strong-contract-with-trinseo/, refiere la ratificación del contrato colectivo; la obtención de aumentos salariales de 13% durante la vigencia del contrato colectivo, un bono de $500 dólares, dos días festivos pagados adicionales (sumando un total de 10 días), y una prestación para que los padres tengan 4 semanas de licencia parental remunerada. c.     En la lista de sindicatos afiliados a la AFL-CIO, tanto la BCTGM como la USW, aparecen en ella. Información registrada en la página de Internet https://aflcio.org/about-us/our-unions-and-allies/our-affiliated-unions. 126. Con la información proporcionada, Plastiglas destacó la eficacia de las conquistas económicas laborales en los sindicatos de la industria de interés de los Estados Unidos como país sustituto, resultante de las negociaciones libres entre trabajador y empleador vía la libertad de asociación y negociación colectiva. iii. Que las decisiones del sector o industria bajo investigación sobre precios, costos y abastecimiento de insumos, incluidas las materias primas, tecnología, producción, ventas e inversión, se adoptan en respuesta a las señales de mercado y sin interferencias significativas del Estado 127. Plastiglas señaló que la industria del producto objeto de investigación en los Estados Unidos se desenvuelve bajo los principios de mercado, a partir de la naturaleza y el número de empresas participantes en la producción de MMA y PMMA. 128. Identificó como empresas clave en la producción de MMA y PMMA a Dow Chemical Company, Arkema, Sumitomo Chemical Company, Kuraray Group, Asahi Kasei Corporation, Trinseo y otras, a partir del documento "Abastecimiento de insumos: Perfil de la Industria Petrolera en Estados Unidos", en el cual proporciona información de empresas productoras de MMA y PMMA a partir de la página de Internet https://www.infocleanse.com/top-oil-and-gas-companies-in-usa/. 129. En el Estudio China ENM se destaca que en la cadena de producción de la lámina acrílica no se identificó injerencia gubernamental; las empresas que participan en la industria -desde el petróleo y sus derivados, el MMA y el PMMA-, son de capital privado, con inversión extranjera en ciertos casos e, incluso, en algunos casos, con carácter de empresas públicas, al cotizar en bolsas de valores. Tampoco se puede dejar de mencionar que en estas industrias hay múltiples agentes económicos competidores, y que no se identifica la existencia de monopolios u oligopolios, lo que se traduce en un marco de competencia asertiva en el mercado. Así, hay elementos para concluir que la disponibilidad de insumos, así como su producción y venta, responden a las señales del mercado. iv. Que se permitan inversiones extranjeras y coinversiones con firmas extranjeras 130. En el Estudio China ENM, se señala que el Departamento de Comercio de los Estados Unidos, USDOC, por las siglas en inglés de United States Department of Commerce, reporta que dicho país es el principal destino de la inversión extranjera directa, esto mediante adquisiciones, apertura de establecimientos o expansión de los existentes. Esta se concentra en el sector manufacturero, donde la industria química representa la mayor participación. Los propietarios, beneficiarios finales de la mayoría de los MOUSA (filiales estadounidenses de empresas multinacionales extranjeras de propiedad mayoritaria) se encuentran en Europa, seguidos por Japón y Canadá en 2021. Presentó el informe de inversión extranjera directa en los Estados Unidos, publicado por el USDOC en 2024, página de Internet https://www-commerce-gov.translate.goog/data-and-reports/reports/2024/10/ foreign- direct- investment-united-states?_x_tr_sl=en&_x_tr_tl=es&_x_tr_hl=es&_x_tr_pto=sge#::text=Si%20bien%20la%20posici%C3%B3n%20de,UU. 131. Agregó que, en el Informe del Examen de Políticas Comerciales de Estados Unidos publicado por la OMC en 2023, en adelante Informe de Políticas, se realiza una valuación de su marco normativo y práctica administrativa. Se analizaron tanto las autoridades involucradas en la promoción y autorización, así como las restricciones implementadas. De ninguno de los aspectos analizados se observa una restricción a los sectores petroquímicos o manufactureros. Ello es congruente con lo declarado por el USDOC, en el sentido de que la industria química ha sido uno de los mayores receptores de inversión extranjera. 132. Plastiglas señaló que en los perfiles de las empresas petroquímicas y productoras de lámina acrílica es observable que, en algunos casos, se trata de empresas con inversión extranjera directa, por ejemplo, las empresas: Arkema, Mitsubishi Chemical Holding Co., Polyvantis GmbH, en adelante Polyvantis, con capital francés, japonés y alemán, respectivamente. 133. Agregó que la Secretaría podrá observar que, en la cadena de producción de las láminas acrílicas hay una presencia de inversión extranjera, tanto directa como de capital, lo que refuerza el hecho de que la industria del producto investigado opera bajo principios de mercado. v. La industria estadounidense posee exclusivamente un juego de libros de registro contable que se utilizan para todos los efectos, y que son auditados conforme a principios de contabilidad generalmente aceptados 134. En el Estudio China ENM se menciona que la Guía de investigación contable de Georgetown Law, refiere que en los Estados Unidos las Normas de Auditoría Generalmente Aceptadas, en adelante GAAS, por las siglas en inglés de Generally Accepted Auditing Standards, son las pautas empleadas para revisar si la contabilidad empresarial cumple con las tres principales normas de auditoría financiera: i) Declaraciones sobre Normas de Auditoría, SAS, por las siglas en inglés de Statements on Auditing Standards, del Instituto Americano de Contadores Públicos Certificados, aplicables a empresas privadas; ii) las normas de la Junta de Supervisión Contable de Empresas Públicas - organización sin fines de lucro creada por la Ley Sarbanes-Oxley de 2002, para supervisar las auditorías de las empresas públicas que cotizan en bolsa en los Estados Unidos-; y iii) las GAAS, para las entidades gubernamentales y las organizaciones que reciben financiación pública. Información disponible en la página de Internet https://guides.ll.georgetown.edu/accounting/auditing-standards, cuya última modificación se realizó en marzo de 2025. 135. Asimismo, en el Estudio China ENM se explica que un cambio a controles más estrictos se introdujo con la mencionada Ley Sarbanes-Oxley que mejora la transparencia y responsabilidad de aquellas empresas que cotizan en bolsa, con la finalidad de proteger a los inversionistas. Algunos aspectos destacados de este ordenamiento son: a.     Se evita la interferencia de la gerencia de una empresa en una auditoría financiera independiente, regulando procedimientos internos de transparencia a los accionistas para evitarlo. b.    Para las empresas que cotizan en bolsa, se establece la obligación de implementar procedimientos internos que garanticen la exactitud de los estados financieros, responsabilizando legalmente incluso al director ejecutivo y al director financiero. c.     Para dar eficacia a la supervisión interna de la empresa, se impone responsabilidad penal a cualquier funcionario (como el director ejecutivo y financiero), que presente estados financieros que no cumplan con ello. d.    Se establece la ilegalidad de la influencia indebida en las auditorías a cualquier director o funcionario, mediante coerción o manipulación. e.     Se establece la obligación de la gerencia de establecer procedimientos de control interno para rendir los informes financieros; además de presentar una evaluación anual de la eficacia de dichos procedimientos internos. 136. La obligación legal de contar con estados financieros auditados aplica para las empresas públicas y deben presentarse ante la Comisión de Bolsa y Valores de los Estados Unidos. Además, las empresas financieras y las compañías de seguros suelen exigir estados financieros auditados antes de conceder préstamos o pólizas de seguro. Dado que, por lo general, no es posible que una empresa opere sin pasivos (préstamos bancarios) y sin contratar seguros que, en la mayoría de los casos implican el otorgamiento de garantías inmobiliarias, en la práctica las empresas tienen que optar por realizar auditorías externas. 137. Respecto a la industria de lámina acrílica de los Estados Unidos como país sustituto, en apartados anteriores se ha referido que múltiples empresas petroquímicas y productoras de láminas acrílicas son de carácter público porque cotizan en bolsa, lo cual hace que su información financiera esté sujeta a los estrictos controles descritos derivados de la Ley Sarbanes-Oxley desde el año 2002 y que apliquen los principios de contabilidad descritos. vi. Que los costos de producción y situación financiera del sector o industria bajo investigación no sufren distorsiones en relación con la depreciación de activos, deudas incobrables, comercio de trueque y pagos de compensación de deudas, u otros factores que se consideren pertinentes 138. Respecto al sistema financiero de los Estados Unidos, en el Estudio China ENM, se describe, a partir de lo señalado por la OMC en el Informe de Políticas, lo siguiente: a.     En 2021 había 2,127 grandes bancos comerciales, y los activos totales del sistema bancario ascendían a 21.6 billones de dólares, de los cuales el 91% pertenecía a bancos nacionales y el resto a bancos de propiedad extranjera. b.    Además, hay presencia de 5,098 cooperativas de crédito, organizaciones sin fines de lucro propiedad de sus socios, que aceptan depósitos, conceden préstamos y ofrecen una amplia gama de otros servicios financieros. Dicha concurrencia de instituciones revela un mercado sumamente competitivo. c.     La Reserva Federal de los Estados Unidos tiene la responsabilidad de supervisar las sociedades holding bancarias, las sociedades holding de ahorro y préstamo, las operaciones en los Estados Unidos de bancos extranjeros, los bancos estatales pertenecientes al Sistema de la Reserva Federal, las sucursales extranjeras, las sociedades "Edge Act Corporation" para transacciones bancarias internacionales o las sociedades en régimen de acuerdo y determinadas entidades de servicios del mercado financiero. 139. Plastiglas señaló que la alta participación de entidades financieras y organismos regulatorios y de supervisión convierten al mercado financiero de los Estados Unidos en uno sumamente competitivo, evitando que operen por vías no reguladas, y supervisado institucionalmente. 140. Respecto a la deducción de deudas incobrables comerciales, de acuerdo con el artículo "Deducción de deudas incobrables", realizado por la consultora fiscal Bloomberg Tax en marzo de 2024, disponible en la página de Internet https://pro.bloombergtax.com/insights/federal-tax/deducting-business-bad-debt/#business, el tratamiento fiscal de las deudas incobrables de las empresas, en la legislación norteamericana se clasifica en distintos tipos, en virtud de lo establecido en la Sección 166 del Código de Rentas Internas: i) deducción ordinaria para el año fiscal en el que una deuda incobrable comercial se vuelve completa o parcialmente inútil, y ii) pérdida de capital a corto plazo para el año fiscal en el que una deuda incobrable no comercial se vuelve completamente inútil. 141. Plastiglas mencionó que la normatividad solo distingue entre procedimientos para la deducibilidad empresarial y de personas físicas, pero no así por sectores o industrias específicas. Así, no hay un beneficio creado en el sistema porque esta se rige por normas de carácter general y es procedente solo si se actualizan los supuestos antes descritos. De esta forma, no es identificable que, en la deducibilidad de deudas incobrables, las industrias involucradas en la producción de láminas acrílicas cuenten con una ventaja en costos. 142. Al igual que en las deudas incobrables, con base en el artículo Tema 704 Depreciación revisado en enero de 2025, previsto en el Servicio de Impuestos Internos, IRC, por las siglas en inglés de Internal Revenue Service, la deducibilidad por depreciación de activos se regula a través de normas generales para cualquier agente comercial. Los métodos que se admiten en el Sistema Modificado de Recuperación de Costos para fines fiscales son los comunes a varios sistemas fiscales. Conforme a la Sección 179 del Código de Impuestos Internos, el contribuyente puede optar por: a.     Método lineal, que fracciona el costo del activo uniformemente a lo largo de su vida útil. b.    Saldo decreciente, que es emplear la tasa más alta en los primeros años y su reducción en los subsecuentes años. c.     Por unidades, que implica dividir el costo del activo de forma proporcional a la cantidad de producción o uso. d.    Solo se establecen reglas específicas por tipo de bien, no por tipo de industria o giro comercial, distinguiendo entre bienes muebles (como maquinaria, equipo, vehículos) o bienes inmuebles. Estos no contemplan el costo del terreno, pero sí el de la construcciones y mejoras en el mismo. d. Similitud entre los Estados Unidos y China 143. La Solicitante señaló la viabilidad de los Estados Unidos para ser considerado como país sustituto del investigado; ello, demostrando que: i) la industria de láminas acrílicas en ese país se desempeña bajo principios de mercado, de conformidad con los parámetros establecidos en el artículo 48 del RLCE; ii) existe similitud en la industria del país investigado con la del país sustituto; iii) se trata de un mercado significativo a nivel mundial en la producción de la mercancía referida; y iv) hay representatividad de las empresas cuyas cotizaciones se emplearían para calcular el valor normal. 144. Afirmó que la estructura de costos es semejante, ya que en ambos países se fabrican láminas acrílicas con monómero de MMA, como principal materia prima. Agregó que el MMA es un compuesto químico a partir del cual se produce la resina de PMMA. Aportó su estructura de costos, en la que se observa una participación de 55% de la materia prima en los costos totales. 145. Plastiglas señaló que los Estados Unidos y China tienen procesos de producción homólogos con el país investigado y México. Manifestó que la producción de láminas acrílicas se oferta usando tanto el proceso extruido como el de moldeo. Proporcionó un listado de fabricantes en los Estados Unidos de láminas acrílicas. 146. Añadió que no hay nada que permita suponer que su estructura de costos tiene una integración distinta a la observada en China y México. Presentó videos de las empresas Acrylite Acrylic y Plaskolite, en los que se explica su proceso productivo, en el proceso en cita se observa que es el mismo que se sigue por las empresas productoras del país investigado, a los que se puede acceder en las páginas de Internet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrv6ubt9xkc y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBWZoC1Oaz4, respectivamente. 147. Puntualizó que hay una vasta disponibilidad de los insumos empleados intensivamente en su proceso de fabricación, con base en el estudio "Market Analysis Report" realizado por Grand View Research, respecto del PMMA en los Estados Unidos y su pronóstico al año 2030. En dicho Estudio se refiere que el valor del mercado del PMMA fue de 1,100 millones de dólares en 2022. Se espera que el aumento del consumo de PMMA en las industrias automotriz y de la construcción impulse el crecimiento de la industria durante el periodo pronosticado. 148. Finalmente señaló que los Estados Unidos es un país del que la Secretaría ha reconocido su idoneidad como país sustituto en diversas investigaciones, por lo que es una práctica administrativa reconocerlo como una economía de mercado y, por las evidencias presentadas, dichas condiciones prevalecen en la industria de lámina acrílica. i. Determinación 149. El artículo 48, tercer párrafo del RLCE, señala que por país sustituto se entenderá un tercer país con economía de mercado similar al país exportador con economía que no sea de mercado. La similitud entre el país sustituto y el país exportador se definirá de manera razonable, de tal modo que el valor normal en el país exportador pueda aproximarse sobre la base del precio interno en el país sustituto. 150. La Secretaría realizó un análisis integral de la información, argumentos y pruebas proporcionadas por Plastiglas para considerar a los Estados Unidos como país sustituto de China. Al respecto, constató que los Estados Unidos cumple con los criterios enunciados en el artículo 48 del RLCE para ser considerados como un país sustituto para el cálculo del valor normal. Asimismo, que los Estados Unidos y China son fabricantes y cuentan con presencia a nivel mundial, que los procesos productivos son similares para ambos países, que cuentan con productos que comparten características físicas y composición química similares y que utilizan los mismos insumos para producir la mercancía investigada. 151. Con base en el análisis descrito en los puntos anteriores de la presente Resolución y de conformidad con los artículos 33 de la LCE y 48 del RLCE, y del apartado 15, inciso a) del Protocolo de Adhesión, la Secretaría consideró razonable la propuesta de utilizar a los Estados Unidos como país con economía de mercado sustituto de China para efectos del cálculo del valor normal. e. Precios internos en los Estados Unidos 152. Plastiglas presentó el Estudio de mercado de láminas acrílicas, en adelante Estudio láminas acrílicas, elaborado por la consultora Workington, el cual contiene referencias de precios del producto investigado destinadas al consumo interno de los Estados Unidos y fabricado en ese país, similar al exportado por China a México, durante el periodo investigado. 153. Presentó información de la empresa consultora, la cual se ubica en la Ciudad de México, fue fundada en 2011, dedicada al ramo del comercio exterior, enfocándose en la consultoría y auditoría. Sus clientes son principalmente, empresas y Cámaras Internacionales, como la U.S. Potato Board, National Renderers Association, TC Energy, Schlumberger, entre otros. Cuenta con experiencia en el mercado global, especializándose entre otras regiones, en los Estados Unidos y Asia; negocia con empresas domésticas y lleva a cabo las actividades de toda la cadena de suministro, desde el desarrollo de proveedores, y cotizaciones, el desarrollo del producto, el proceso de compra y el acompañamiento de la producción. Asimismo, con su conocimiento del proceso de exportación, trabaja en el campo logístico para el movimiento de mercancías de origen a destino, incluyendo el proceso de despacho aduanero de importación. 154. La empresa consultora proporcionó la metodología que utilizó para obtener los precios en el mercado interno del país sustituto. A continuación, se desarrollan algunos de los puntos destacados por la consultora en el informe para la recopilación de las cotizaciones: a.     Identificó a las tres empresas fabricantes del sector de lámina acrílica en los Estados Unidos, aun cuando identificó que centran sus ventas a través de distribuidores exclusivos, solicitó cotizaciones directamente con dichas empresas y contactó a otros distribuidores de láminas. b.    Contactó a dos empresas en los Estados Unidos, brindándoles toda la información necesaria para obtener las cotizaciones. Hizo hincapié en que estas empresas solo ejecutaron el ejercicio de cotización, con todo el estudio y elementos que le brindó la empresa consultora, por lo que es indiferente el perfil y nombre de las empresas. c.     Proporcionó los lineamientos aplicados en las cotizaciones: i) láminas acrílicas, especificación de medidas, y características físicas; ii) productos elaborados en los Estados Unidos; iii) cotizar directamente con empresas; iv) cotizar precios puestos en fábrica; v) detalles de contacto con los departamentos internos de ventas; vi) uso de la lámina; vii) modelos domésticos; viii) datos del representante de ventas; ix. confirmación de los precios de venta, y x. se hizo hincapié sobre referencias de compras domésticas y con producto cuyo destino sea los Estados Unidos. d.    Presentó el formato de cotización que utilizó para la empresa Trinseo, así como los formatos que manejó para otras empresas productoras, por ejemplo, Aristech Surfaces, LLC., Plaskolite, LLC., en adelante Plaskolite, Rohm America, LLC., Acrilex, Inc., Reynolds Polymer Technology, Inc., Spartech, LLC. y Polyvantis. 155. Como soporte de sus argumentos y precios, la Solicitante aportó como parte del Estudio China ENM, una descripción general de productores y empresas vendedoras de láminas acrílicas, otra sobre los fabricantes y una visión general de la industria de láminas acrílicas en los Estados Unidos en relación con la suficiencia y disponibilidad de materias primas. Presentó la publicación "Principales empresas de petróleo y gas de los Estados Unidos", publicada por InfoCleanse en agosto de 2024, consultable en la página de Internet https://www.infocleanse.com/top-oil-and-gas-companies-in-usa/, así como capturas de pantallas de Internet con los perfiles de las empresas. 156. El Estudio láminas acrílicas, incluyó las cotizaciones con los tres fabricantes de láminas acrílicas, a través de sus distribuidores exclusivos, para las empresas Polyvantis, Trinseo y Plaskolite. En este mismo, se hace mención que, los precios reportados por distribuidores exclusivos de los fabricantes, se les deducirá el "markup" correspondiente. 157. De los resultados obtenidos en las cotizaciones expedidas en mayo de 2025, los precios variaron en su reporte, ya que se identificaron precios en dólares por pies cuadrados, precios por hoja, precios con o sin impuesto al valor agregado y a nivel ex fábrica, así como la consideración de términos de mayoreo, cuando este se aplicó en la cotización. Asimismo, presentó una tabla donde se reportaron las empresas productoras y distribuidores autorizados, datos de contacto y láminas cotizadas. 158. El Estudio láminas acrílicas incluye cotizaciones con otros distribuidores-maquiladores representativos, expedidas en abril de 2025, siendo que la consultora buscó cotizar con las empresas Eplastics y Emco. Los precios variaron en su reporte, ya que se identificaron precios en dólares por pies cuadrados; precios con o sin IVA y la consideración de términos de mayoreo, cuando este se aplicó en la cotización. Asimismo, presentó una tabla donde se reporta a las empresas distribuidoras, datos de contacto y láminas que se cotizó. 159. Debido a que las referencias de precios reportados por las cinco empresas se encuentran reportados en distintas medidas o presentaciones y fuera del periodo investigado, abril y mayo de 2025, en el Estudio de láminas acrílicas se presentó: a.     El resumen de cálculos donde se observan las fórmulas y desarrollo para llegar a precios unitarios en dólares por kg, así como las fórmulas y el desarrollo que siguió para el reporte de los precios que permite la comparación entre el precio de exportación y valor normal. b.    Presentó la información y metodología para el ajuste por inflación, así como el Índice de Precios al Consumidor, en adelante IPC, de los Estados Unidos, para abril de 2024 a abril de 2025, que obtuvo de la página de Internet https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/consumer-price-index-cpi. 160. La Secretaría previno a Plastiglas para que proporcionara las comunicaciones de la solicitud, requisitos y pago del Estudio láminas acrílicas; información adicional sobre la realización de las cotizaciones, y la razonabilidad de la aplicación de los ajustes cuando se afirmó que los precios se encuentran a nivel ex fábrica. 161. En su respuesta, Plastiglas presentó información relacionada a la contratación de la empresa consultora para la realización del estudio de precios en el mercado de los Estados Unidos y la propuesta de trabajo para la realización del estudio por la empresa consultora. 162. Explicó que la empresa consultora fue la que tuvo que participar directamente en la obtención de las cotizaciones, ya que está familiarizada con el sector y con el producto, asegurándose que los precios obtenidos se refirieran a ventas para el mercado local y no al de exportación, para lo cual, en caso de ser necesario, se hacía referencia a que la empresa contaba con una unidad de negocio en Texas, Estados Unidos, a fin de poder cotizar a nivel doméstico. 163. Respecto al término ex fábrica, en el Estudio láminas acrílicas se sustentó que se contactó directamente a Polyvantis, Trinseo y Plaskolite y se solicitó una cotización; todas contestaron que su venta es solo a través de distribuidores exclusivos, ya que no existe la venta directa de fabricante a consumidor. En vista de lo anterior, se contactó a los distribuidores exclusivos de lámina acrílica producida por Trinseo, Plaskolite y Polyvantis, y estos proveyeron las cotizaciones de láminas acrílicas que se utilizaron para el cálculo del valor normal. En esta misma situación se encontraron las cotizaciones obtenidas de los distribuidores Eplastics y Emco, incluidos en el cálculo. 164. Respecto a la consultora que elaboró el Estudio láminas acrílicas, la Secretaría revisó el perfil de la empresa y observó que se dedica a distintas áreas de comercio exterior y estudios estadísticos de importación de países y productos, enfocada principalmente a la consultoría y auditoría. 165. Respecto a las referencias de precios, la Secretaría observó lo siguiente: a.     Fueron obtenidas por el consultor, de empresas dedicadas a la distribución de plásticos, quienes trabajan directamente con las empresas productoras de lámina acrílica. b.    Son empresas líderes en la industria de entrega de plásticos de alta calidad. c.     Las marcas comercializadas por dichas empresas son fabricadas por productores representativos en los Estados Unidos y en el mundo. d.    El soporte documental observado en el Estudio de lámina acrílica es consistente con la afirmación de que las empresas fabricantes venden sus productos a través de comercializadores. 166. Del análisis del Estudio, la Secretaría confirmó que las empresas productoras no ofrecen referencias de precios en sus páginas de Internet para el mercado interno estadounidense, que las cotizaciones corresponden a precios ofrecidos por los distribuidores de la mercancía investigada, que las marcas que comercializan dichos distribuidores efectivamente provienen de empresas con presencia significativa en el mercado interno de los Estados Unidos. i. Determinación 167. La Secretaría aceptó la información proporcionada por Plastiglas para calcular los precios en el mercado interno en los Estados Unidos para lámina acrílica ya que, a partir de la información anteriormente descrita, se contó con los elementos suficientes para verificar el origen de la mercancía, la representatividad de los precios en el mercado interno del país sustituto y que corresponden a referencias de precios emitidas por empresas distribuidoras en el mercado de los Estados Unidos. 168. De conformidad con los artículos 31, primer y segundo párrafo, fracción I de la LCE, y 40 del RLCE, la Secretaría calculó el valor normal promedio ponderado a partir del volumen cotizado en las referencias de precios del país sustituto, en dólares por kg para el periodo investigado de lámina acrílica. f. Ajustes al valor normal 169. Debido a que las cotizaciones fueron hechas por distribuidores, y no directamente por los fabricantes, Plastiglas propuso el ajuste por margen de distribución (markup) para llegar al precio ex fábrica. 170. La Solicitante observó las referencias de precios y en el Estudio láminas acrílicas, la presencia de distribuidores autorizados, por lo cual utilizó como único ajuste el margen de distribución. 171. En el Estudio láminas acrílicas se destacó lo siguiente: a.     Las empresas fabricantes de láminas acrílicas de los Estados Unidos, centran exclusivamente sus ventas a través de distribuidores exclusivos. De este modo, el elemento medular de este negocio es el markup o el margen por beneficio o de distribución. b.    El producto investigado se encuentra dentro del sector de "químicos diversificados" debido a que dentro de dicha categoría se transforma los productos básicos con ciertas propiedades o aplicaciones industriales, tales como las resinas acrílicas y el PMMA. Con base en la publicación de los márgenes por sector que obtuvo de la Escuela de Negocios de Nueva York, en adelante NYU. c.     Conforme a los indicadores económicos en la publicación de la NYU se determinó un markup porcentual para los distribuidores de lámina acrílica. Agregó que dicho margen puede ser aplicado a lo largo de su recorrido en el canal de distribución, por lo que puede aplicarse al distribuidor o al mayorista. 172. Para sustentar su información y metodología de cálculo, presentó los márgenes por sector en los Estados Unidos y el detalle metodológico basado en márgenes brutos. Datos disponibles en la página de Internet https://pages.stern.nyu.edu/%7Eadamodar/New_Home_Page/datafile/margin.html y en el libro Sadiqova, G (2016). MARKETING METRICS THIRD EDITION, así como información obtenida de la plataforma InFlow, en la página de Internet https://www.inflowinventory.com/blog/calculate-margin-vs-markup/. 173. La Secretaría previno a la Solicitante para que proporcionara una explicación razonable de aplicar el margen de distribución para aquellas referencias de precios que se encuentran a nivel ex fábrica, de acuerdo con lo señalado dentro del estudio, además, que presentara la información/credenciales/perfil de la plataforma inFlow que la avale como una fuente fiable para identificar la fórmula para determinar el markup. 174. Plastiglas precisó que la leyenda "dichos precios son sin IVA, y son precios ex fábrica" es imprecisa pues se refiere a que efectivamente no incluyen impuestos, ni costos de transporte, y que debido a que el precio es ofertado por un distribuidor y no directamente por el fabricante, es razonable descontar el margen de distribución para obtener el precio a nivel ex fábrica. 175. La Solicitante manifestó que InFlow es una empresa internacional dedicada al desarrollo de software de gestión de inventarios, y que no desarrolló la fórmula del markup, indicó que se trata de una empresa que emplea operativamente dicha fórmula, la cual es utilizada en el ámbito académico y de negocios, en el área financiera y contable, y que únicamente utilizó a la empresa antes mencionada como una fuente de información. 176. La Secretaría analizó la información proporcionada por la Solicitante en lo referente al cálculo del margen de distribución (markup), y replicó la metodología empleada para obtener dicho margen sin encontrar diferencias. i. Determinación 177. La Secretaría considera apropiado ajustar los precios internos en el mercado de los Estados Unidos por concepto de margen de distribución, con base a la información y metodología proporcionada por la Solicitante. 178. De conformidad con los artículos 2.4 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 36 de la LCE, y 53 54 y 58 del RLCE, la Secretaría ajustó el valor normal por concepto de margen de distribución. 3. Margen de discriminación de precios 179. De conformidad con lo establecido en los artículos 2.1 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 30 de la LCE, y 38 y 40 del RLCE, la Secretaría comparó el valor normal con el precio de exportación del producto investigado y determinó que existen indicios suficientes, basados en pruebas positivas, para presumir que, durante el periodo investigado, las importaciones de láminas acrílicas originarias de China se realizaron con un margen de discriminación de precios superior al de minimis. G. Análisis de daño y causalidad 180. La Secretaría analizó los argumentos y pruebas que la Solicitante presentó, con el objeto de determinar si existen indicios suficientes para sustentar que las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, causaron daño material a la rama de producción nacional de la mercancía similar. Esta evaluación comprende, entre otros elementos, un análisis de: a.     El volumen de las importaciones en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, su precio y el efecto de estas en los precios internos del producto nacional similar. b.    La repercusión del volumen y precio de esas importaciones en los indicadores económicos y financieros de la rama de producción nacional del producto similar. 181. El análisis de los indicadores económicos y financieros de la rama de producción nacional comprende la información que Plastiglas proporcionó, empresa que constituye la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica similar al producto objeto de investigación, tal como se determinó en el punto 207 de la presente Resolución. 182. Para tal efecto, la Secretaría consideró los datos de los siguientes periodos: Periodo analizado

abril de 2022 - marzo de 2025

Periodo 1

Periodo 2

Periodo investigado

abril 2022 a marzo de 2023

abril 2023 a marzo de 2024

abril 2024 a marzo de 2025

183. Salvo indicación en contrario, el comportamiento de los indicadores económicos y financieros en un determinado año o periodo se analiza con respecto del inmediato anterior comparable. 1. Similitud del producto 184. De conformidad con lo establecido en los artículos 2.6 del Acuerdo Antidumping, y 37, fracción II del RLCE, la Secretaría evaluó la información y pruebas existentes en el expediente administrativo del caso, para determinar si la lámina acrílica de fabricación nacional es similar al producto objeto de investigación. 185. La Solicitante manifestó que la lámina acrílica de fabricación nacional es similar a la que se importa de China, ya que cuentan con características y composiciones semejantes, son elaborados con los mismos insumos y con procesos de fabricación similares, y les aplican las mismas normas, lo que les permite cumplir con los mismos usos, funciones y ser comercialmente intercambiables. a. Características 186. La Solicitante manifestó que la lámina acrílica originaria de China, así como la fabricada por la producción nacional, son mercancías que tienen características físicas y especificaciones semejantes. Para sustentar sus afirmaciones presentó lo siguiente: a.     Cuadro comparativo con las características físicas y especificaciones de las láminas acrílicas de China y de fabricación nacional, donde se observó que ambos productos cuentan con las mismas características físicas, formas y dimensiones, composición química (parten del mismo insumo MMA), así como usos similares. b.    Fotografías y páginas de Internet de láminas acrílicas de color y transparentes de seis compañías chinas: Changzhou Huisu Qinye Plastic https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/Colourful Cast-Acrylic-Sheet-pd40749584.html y https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/EXTRUDED-CLEAR-ACRYLIC-SHEET-pd46456484.html, Jumei Acrylic Manufacturinghttps://www.jumeiacrylic.com/Clear-acrylic-sheet/clear-cast-acrylic-sheet y https://www.jumeiacrylic.com/Tinted-colors-acrylic-sheet/tinted-colors-acrylic-sheet, Zhejiang Huasu Acrylic Technology https://www.walglasplastics.com/acrylic-sheet/cast-acrylic-sheet/acrylic-block.html y https://www.walglasplastics.com/acrylic-sheet/cast-acrylic-sheet/color-acrylic-sheet.html, Qingdao Be-win Industrial & Trade https://www.bewinplastics.com/grade-a-color-cast-acrylic-sheet.html, UVACRYLIC https://uvacrylic.com/plexiglass/clear-acrylic-sheet/ y WeProFab https://www.weprofab.com/extruded-acrylic-sheets/. c.     Descripciones, fichas técnicas y fotografías de láminas acrílicas de las empresas chinas Jinan Jinbao Plastic, y Changzhou Huisu Qinye Import & Export, consultadas en las páginas de Internet https://es.jinbaoplastic.com/JINBAO-Personaliza-la-lámina-acrílica-transparente-fundida-de-alta-calidad-pd49444792.html y https://www.hsqy-plasticgroup.com/Acrylic-Sheet-pd44373684.html, respectivamente. d.    Información de la empresa china Jinan Alands Plastic relacionada con las láminas acrílicas que comercializa, de la plataforma de comercio global Alibaba. Al respecto, la Secretaría consultó el perfil de dicha empresa en la página de Internet https://www.alandsplastic.com/, y constató que es una empresa ubicada en la provincia de Shandong, China, dedicada entre otros, a la producción de lámina acrílica, con características físicas y especificaciones similares a los productos de fabricación nacional. 187. Catálogo con las descripciones, fichas técnicas y especificaciones de láminas acrílicas del producto de fabricación nacional de Plastiglas. 188. A partir de la información que aportó la Solicitante, la Secretaría contó, de manera inicial, con elementos suficientes que sustentan que la lámina acrílica originaria de China y la de producción nacional cuentan con características físicas en formas y dimensiones, así como especificaciones acorde a las señaladas en los puntos 8 y 9 de la presente Resolución. b. Proceso productivo 189. Plastiglas indicó que la lámina acrílica de fabricación nacional se fabrica con insumos y procesos productivos similares a la lámina acrílica objeto de investigación, lo que se observa en los puntos 16 y 17 de la presente Resolución. Para acreditarlo presentó: a.     Videos sobre las etapas del proceso productivo cell cast de las empresas chinas Jumei Acrylic Manufacturing, disponible en la página de Internet, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v12guMEMdRk; así como de la empresa china Jinan Jinbao Plastic disponible en la página de Internet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nizYmmcxes. b.    Videos sobre las etapas del proceso productivo de extrusión de la empresa china Suzhou Jwell Machinery disponible en las páginas de Internet, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGxJXbBuef8 y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcz6nutnJlQ. c.     Fotografías y descripción sobre las etapas del proceso productivo cell cast y de extrusión en las plantas productivas de Plastiglas. d.    Diagramas y un análisis comparativo sobre los procesos cell cast y de extrusión utilizados en China y por Plastiglas para fabricar lámina acrílica. 190. A partir de la información proporcionada por la Solicitante, la Secretaría constató que, tanto la lámina acrílica originaria de China, como la de fabricación nacional, se producen a partir de los mismos insumos y mediante procesos productivos semejantes. c. Normas 191. La información disponible en el expediente administrativo indica que, si bien no son obligatorias para el producto objeto de investigación y de fabricación nacional, existen normas de referencia para la industria de lámina acrílica que establecen las especificaciones en sus distintas formas de fabricación, así como de referencia en la industria que ayudan a estandarizar los productos para su comercialización en los mercados globales y terminología usada para materiales plásticos, señaladas en el punto 19 de la presente Resolución. 192. Al respecto, de acuerdo con la revisión de los catálogos y fichas técnicas de la Solicitante y de los fabricantes de láminas acrílicas de China, la Secretaría observó que tanto el producto nacional similar como el producto objeto de investigación cumplen con los estándares señalados en el punto 19 de la presente Resolución. d. Usos y funciones 193. De acuerdo con la información disponible en el expediente administrativo, así como la señalada en el punto 186 de la presente Resolución, la Secretaría contó con elementos suficientes que sustentan que, tanto el producto objeto de investigación, como el de fabricación nacional, comparten los mismos usos y funciones señalados en el punto 20 de la presente Resolución, pues son utilizados en productos de consumo final o como insumo en diferentes industrias y actividades económicas como publicidad, construcción, automotriz, salud y comercio; por ejemplo, en la señalización y publicidad para interiores y exteriores como letreros, displays, anuncios luminosos, exhibidores y estanterías; en la industria de la construcción como domos, barandales, ventanas, fachadas, guardas de protección; paneles de protección en mostradores o lugares de atención al público, barreras sanitarias y capelos; en la industria automotriz como componentes interiores; y en la industria médica como mobiliario, decoración y productos de protección, entre otros. e. Consumidores y canales de distribución 194. La Solicitante manifestó que las láminas acrílicas que se importan de China, así como las de fabricación nacional abastecen a todo el territorio nacional y están dirigidas a los mismos consumidores, principalmente comercializadores y distribuidores, empresas dentro de la industria de la publicidad, construcción, automotriz, salud, comercio o consumidores finales, entre otros, debido a los múltiples usos que tienen las láminas acrílicas. Para sustentarlo, indicó que algunos de los clientes de la rama de producción nacional realizaron importaciones de láminas acrílicas originarias de China y presentó listado de ventas a clientes de Plastiglas. 195. De acuerdo con los listados de ventas a clientes de Plastiglas, así como el listado oficial de operaciones de importación de la Balanza Comercial, de las fracciones arancelarias de la TIGIE 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99, y el cálculo de importaciones objeto de investigación señalado en los puntos 228 y 229 de la presente Resolución, la Secretaría observó que, durante el periodo analizado, 34 clientes de la empresa Solicitante también adquirieron lámina acrílica originaria de China. Lo anterior permite presumir que, en efecto, la lámina acrílica originaria de China y la de fabricación nacional se destinan a los mismos consumidores y mercados, lo que les permite ser comercialmente intercambiables. f. Determinación 196. A partir de lo descrito en los puntos 184 a 195 de la presente Resolución, la Secretaría contó con elementos suficientes para determinar, de manera inicial, que la lámina acrílica de fabricación nacional es similar al producto objeto de investigación, en virtud de que tienen características físicas y especificaciones semejantes, se fabrican con los mismos insumos y mediante procesos productivos que no muestran diferencias sustanciales. Asimismo, atienden a los mismos mercados y consumidores, lo que les permite cumplir con las mismas funciones y ser comercialmente intercambiables, de manera que pueden considerarse similares, de conformidad con lo dispuesto en los artículos 2.6 del Acuerdo Antidumping y 37, fracción II del RLCE. 2. Rama de producción nacional y representatividad 197. De conformidad con lo establecido en los artículos 4.1 y 5.4 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 40 y 50 de la LCE, y 60, 61 y 62 del RLCE, la Secretaría identificó a la rama de producción nacional del producto similar al investigado como los productores nacionales cuya producción conjunta constituye una proporción importante de la producción nacional total de lámina acrílica, tomando en cuenta si las empresas fabricantes son importadoras del producto objeto de investigación, o si existen elementos para presumir que se encuentran vinculadas con empresas importadoras o exportadoras del mismo. 198. La Solicitante manifestó que, durante el periodo analizado, las empresas productoras nacionales de lámina acrílica fueron, Plastiglas, Plaskolite, Plásticos Especiales Garen, Acrílicos Newton y Altuglas de México, S.A. de C.V., en adelante Altuglas. La Solicitante agregó que la empresa Acrílicos Newton está inactiva desde 2023 y que la empresa Plaskolite adquirió en 2023 a la empresa productora de lámina acrílica Altuglas. Para sustentar lo anterior proporcionó el Formato 10-k que presentó Trinseo ante la Comisión de Bolsa y Valores de los Estados Unidos, los artículos "Trinseo anuncia la venta de su planta de fabricación en México a Plaskolite" y "Plaskolite adquiere una planta de fabricación de acrílico cell cast de Trineseo" del 5 de abril y 4 de mayo de 2023, respectivamente, consultables en las páginas de Internet https://investor.trinseo.com/home/news/news-details/2023/Trinseo-Announces-Sale-of-Mexico- Manufacturing-Facility-to-Plaskolite/default.aspx y https://de.plaskolite.com/contact-us/news/press-releases/detail/plaskolite-to-acquire-cell-cast-acrylic- manufacturing-facility-from-trinseo. 199. Plastiglas señaló que no cuenta con información pública sobre la producción nacional total de lámina acrílica, por lo que para acreditar su participación y representatividad en la producción nacional del producto similar, estimó dicho indicador con base en su producción, así como en las importaciones de la principal materia prima para fabricar lámina acrílica (MMA) que ingresaron por la fracción arancelaria 2916.14.01 de la TIGIE durante el periodo analizado, y que realizó cada empresa fabricante de lámina acrílica señaladas en el punto anterior. Para ello, Plastiglas consideró la base de importaciones de dicha fracción arancelaria proporcionada por la ANIQ. Asimismo, señaló que, con base en su conocimiento de los procesos productivos, consideró un factor de conversión de 1 kg de MMA por cada kg de lámina acrílica producida. 200. Con base en sus resultados, la Solicitante manifestó que es representativa de la producción nacional de lámina acrílica, pues en el periodo investigado representó más del 50% de la producción nacional total, y que su solicitud de investigación cuenta con el apoyo de las empresas Plaskolite y Plásticos Especiales Garen, por lo que, en conjunto con la Solicitante, representan el 100% de la producción nacional total de lámina acrílica. Para sustentarlo, presentó cartas de las empresas Plaskolite y Plásticos Especiales Garen, en las que manifiestan su apoyo al inicio de la presente investigación. 201. A fin de contar con elementos adicionales para confirmar la representatividad de la Solicitante y el grado de apoyo a la presente investigación, la Secretaría requirió a las empresas Plaskolite (considerando a Altuglas), Plásticos Especiales Garen y Acrílicos Newton, información sobre sus indicadores como producción, ventas al mercado interno, exportaciones y capacidad instalada de lámina acrílica durante el periodo analizado. Asimismo, solicitó a la empresa Acrílicos Newton que manifestara su posición en relación con la solicitud de inicio de la presente investigación. Adicionalmente, se requirió a la ANIQ que proporcionara información de sus agremiadas sobre el volumen de producción de lámina acrílica, para los periodos abril de 2022 a marzo de 2023, abril de 2023 a marzo de 2024 y abril de 2024 a marzo de 2025, así como que indicara si tiene conocimiento de otros productores nacionales de lámina acrílica. 202. Atendieron el requerimiento formulado por la Secretaría las empresas Plaskolite y Acrílicos Newton, así como la ANIQ, en los siguientes términos: a.     Plaskolite y Acrílicos Newton aportaron sus indicadores de producción, ventas al mercado interno, exportaciones y capacidad instalada de lámina acrílica para los periodos abril de 2022 a marzo de 2023, abril de 2023 a marzo de 2024 y abril de 2024 a marzo de 2025; sin embargo, Plaskolite no aporto información incluyendo cifras de la empresa Altuglas para el periodo abril de 2022 a marzo de 2023. Por su parte, Acrílicos Newton manifestó su apoyo a la presente investigación. b.    La ANIQ manifestó que Plastiglas es su empresa afiliada y proporcionó su volumen de producción de dicha empresa para los periodos abril de 2022 a marzo de 2023, abril de 2023 a marzo de 2024 y abril de 2024 a marzo de 2025. 203. La Secretaría estimó la producción nacional total de lámina acrílica a partir de la información del volumen de producción que proporcionaron la Solicitante y las productoras nacionales Plaskolite y Acrílicos Newton; asimismo, consideró razonable la estimación del volumen de producción de las empresas Plásticos Especiales Garen y Altuglas con base en sus importaciones de la principal materia prima para fabricar láminas acrílicas (MMA) al ser la mejor información disponible al guardar una relación aproximada con la producción nacional. Por lo tanto, la Secretaría se allegó del listado oficial de operaciones de importación de la Balanza Comercial, de la fracción arancelaria 2916.14.01 de la TIGIE, por donde ingresa la principal materia prima para fabricar láminas acrílicas y consideró a las importaciones de las empresas Altuglas y Plásticos Especiales Garen como su producción de lámina acrílica. 204. Con base en el punto anterior, la Secretaría confirmó que la Solicitante constituye una proporción importante de la producción nacional, pues durante el periodo investigado y analizado representó el 83% y 81%, respectivamente, de la producción nacional total de lámina acrílica. 205. La Solicitante, Plaskolite y Acrílicos Newton manifestaron no estar vinculadas con exportadores ni importadores del producto objeto de investigación. Acrílicos Newton manifestó haber realizado importaciones del producto objeto de investigación con el objetivo de ser más competitivo en un mercado saturado. Por su parte, Plastiglas y Plaskolite manifestaron que no realizaron importaciones del producto objeto de investigación durante el periodo analizado. 206. La Secretaría revisó los listados de las operaciones de importación que reporta la Balanza Comercial, realizadas a través de las fracciones arancelarias de la TIGIE 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99, y el cálculo de importaciones objeto de investigación señalado en los puntos 228 y 229 de la presente Resolución durante el periodo analizado, y constató que en dicho periodo Plastiglas y Plaskolite no efectuaron importaciones del producto objeto de investigación. Por otra parte, se observó que Acrílicos Newton realizó importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, pero en volúmenes insignificantes que representaron aproximadamente el 3% de las importaciones totales en el periodo analizado. 207. Con base en los resultados descritos anteriormente, la Secretaría determinó de manera inicial que Plastiglas constituye la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica, similar al producto objeto de investigación, toda vez que durante el periodo investigado y analizado representó el 83% y 81% de la producción nacional de dicho producto, respectivamente, y la solicitud de investigación cuenta con el apoyo de los productores, Plaskolite, Plásticos Especiales Garen y Acrílicos Newton, por lo que se encuentra respaldada por el 100% de la producción nacional total, de conformidad con los artículos 4.1 y 5.4 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 40 y 50 de la LCE, y 60, 61 y 62 del RLCE. Adicionalmente, la Secretaría no contó con elementos que indiquen que Plastiglas, Plaskolite y Acrílicos Newton se encuentran vinculadas con exportadores o importadores del producto objeto de investigación. Si bien, Acrílicos Newton realizó importaciones del producto objeto de investigación durante el periodo analizado, estas fueron de un volumen insignificante, por lo que no podrían considerarse como las causantes del daño alegado. 3. Mercado internacional 208. Para analizar el comportamiento del mercado internacional de lámina acrílica, Plastiglas presentó el estudio "Acrylic Sheets - Global market share and ranking, Overall sales and demand Forecast 2025-2030" publicado por la consultora QYResearch, el cual analiza a 22 empresas líderes de láminas acrílicas a nivel global, incluyendo a varias compañías chinas; el informe "Global Acrylic Sheets Market By Type", publicado por Market.US, en adelante Informe Market.US, así como el Estudio láminas acrílicas, elaborado por Workington. Adicionalmente, presentó datos estadísticos mundiales de los principales países exportadores e importadores, así como de las exportaciones de China al mundo de la subpartida 3920.51, obtenidos de Trade Map del Centro Internacional de Comercio, ITC, por las siglas en inglés de Internacional Trade Center, en adelante Trade Map. De acuerdo con dicha información, la Solicitante señaló lo siguiente: a.     De acuerdo con información de la consultora QYResearch, durante 2024, las empresas de láminas acrílicas con mayor volumen de producción se encuentran en los Estados Unidos, China y Alemania. En términos de ingresos, las empresas con mayores montos se encuentran en Estados Unidos, Alemania y China; mientras que, las principales regiones con más ventas de lámina acrílica son las de Asia-Pacífico (lideradas por China e India debido al crecimiento de los sectores automotriz y de la construcción), Norteamérica (debido a la alta demanda del sector automotriz, de la construcción y de la señalización) y Europa. b.    De acuerdo con datos de Trade Map, en 2024, los principales países exportadores de láminas acrílicas a nivel mundial son China, Corea del Sur y Estados Unidos. Asimismo, las exportaciones de China representaron más del doble que las de Corea del Sur y casi cuadruplicaron las de Estados Unidos. Los principales destinos de las exportaciones chinas incluyen India, Brasil, Estados Unidos, Emiratos Árabes Unidos, México, Alemania, Filipinas, entre otros. c.     De acuerdo con el estudio de QYResearch, en 2024, el mercado global de láminas acrílicas alcanzó un valor de 4,299 millones de dólares, y se estima que para 2031 ascienda a 6,312 millones de dólares. Este crecimiento ha sido impulsado principalmente por los sectores de la construcción y el automotriz, los cuales han sustituido el uso del vidrio por láminas acrílicas debido a su mayor durabilidad, menor peso y costo más competitivo. Entre 2020 y 2024, el mercado registró una tasa de crecimiento promedio anual de 3.71%. Sin embargo, en 2024 se observó un repunte significativo, alcanzando una tasa de 7.62%. De acuerdo con las proyecciones de dicho estudio, se espera que en los próximos años el mercado mantenga un crecimiento anual sostenido del 5.24%. d.    De acuerdo con el Informe Market.US, el sector de la construcción representa el 35.4% del consumo global de láminas acrílicas, empleadas principalmente en ventanas, tragaluces y toldos. En el sector automotriz, su uso también es significativo, destacando la sustitución del vidrio convencional por láminas acrílicas para mejorar la eficiencia y reducir el peso de los vehículos, lo que refuerza su sensibilidad a las fluctuaciones económicas. 209. Con la finalidad de confirmar la información aportada por la Solicitante, la Secretaría se allegó de las cifras de exportaciones e importaciones mundiales, así como exportaciones de China al mundo, que reporta Trade Map, correspondiente a las subpartidas 3920.51 (placas, láminas, hojas y tiras, de polimetacrilato de metilo no celular y sin esfuerzo) y 3920.59 (placas, láminas, hojas y tiras, de polímeros acrílicos no celulares y sin esfuerzo), en las que se clasifica el producto investigado, para los años 2022, 2023 y 2024. 210. Esta información indica que entre 2022 y 2024, las exportaciones mundiales de lámina acrílica aumentaron 11.5%, al pasar de 647 a 721 miles de toneladas. Los principales países exportadores de lámina acrílica en 2024 fueron China con 29.1%, Corea del Sur con 15.3%, Estados Unidos con 10.7%, Tailandia con 6%, Indonesia con 5.3% y Japón con 4.2%. México ocupo la posición número 11 con una participación del 1.9% del total exportado. 211. Las importaciones mundiales de lámina acrílica aumentaron 10.7%, al pasar de 658 a 729 miles de toneladas de 2022 a 2024. Los principales países importadores de lámina acrílica en 2024 fueron India con 12.2%, Estados Unidos con 10.8%, China con 10.5%, Filipinas con 5.1%, Italia con 3.5% y Rusia con 3.4%. México se ubicó en el lugar 13 con una participación del 2.3% del total importado. 212. Las exportaciones de lámina acrílica de China al mundo se incrementaron 74.7% de 2022 a 2024. En cuanto a los principales destinos de las exportaciones de lámina acrílica de China, se observó que India se posicionó como el principal destino con una participación de 18.4%, seguido de Brasil con 6.6%, Estados Unidos con 5.9%, Emiratos Árabes Unidos con 5%, Vietnam con 4.8% y México con 3.8%. 4. Mercado nacional 213. La información que obra en el expediente administrativo indica que, durante el periodo analizado, además de Plastiglas, las empresas Altuglas, Acrílicos Newton, Plaskolite y Plásticos Especiales Garen, son productoras nacionales de lámina acrílica, mientras que los principales consumidores son distribuidores y comercializadores, así como empresas de la industria de la publicidad, construcción, automotriz, salud, comercio o público en general. 214. Plastiglas manifestó que sus plantas productoras de lámina acrílica se ubican en el estado de San Luis Potosí y en el Estado de México. La Solicitante agregó que comercializa el producto similar a lo largo de todo el territorio nacional porque las industrias que lo demandan no tienen una presencia limitada a un territorio geográfico específico. 215. La Solicitante señaló que, en el periodo analizado e investigado, tanto el CNA, como el consumo interno, mostraron un comportamiento creciente. En este contexto, las importaciones investigadas en condiciones de dumping fueron las que incrementaron su participación en el mercado nacional, explicado por sus bajos precios y el margen de subvaloración que presentaron, lo que provocó un desplazamiento de la participación de las ventas internas y la producción nacional en el mercado nacional. 216. La Secretaría evaluó el comportamiento del mercado nacional de lámina acrílica, con base en la información disponible en el expediente administrativo. Para ello, calculó el CNA -calculado como la producción nacional más las importaciones menos las exportaciones-, así como el consumo interno -calculado como las importaciones más las ventas nacionales al mercado interno-, con base en el listado de exportaciones de lámina acrílica de las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE, para el periodo analizado que la Solicitante obtuvo de la ANIQ, la información que proporcionaron las productoras nacionales conforme a lo señalado en los puntos 202 y 203 de la presente Resolución, así como de las cifras de importaciones de lámina acrílica para el periodo analizado, obtenidas conforme lo indicado en los puntos 228 y 229 de la presente Resolución. 217. A partir de la información descrita en el punto anterior, la Secretaría observó que el mercado nacional de lámina acrílica registró un crecimiento durante el periodo analizado. En efecto, el CNA durante el periodo analizado aumentó 6%; se redujo 5% en el periodo 2, pero se incrementó 13% en el periodo investigado. El desempeño de cada componente del CNA fue el siguiente: a.     Las importaciones totales aumentaron 13% en el periodo analizado, se incrementaron 4% en el periodo 2 y 8% en el periodo investigado. Durante el periodo analizado, la oferta del producto importado se efectuó de 37 países. En particular, en el periodo investigado, destaca que el principal origen de las importaciones fue China, con una participación del 52%, seguido de los Estados Unidos con 36%, Tailandia con 6%, Corea del Sur con 3% y España con 2%, quienes en conjunto concentraron el 99% de las importaciones totales en dicho periodo. b.    La producción nacional registró una caída de 32% en el periodo 2 y se incrementó 6% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una caída de 28% durante el periodo analizado. c.     Las exportaciones disminuyeron 35% en el periodo analizado, se redujeron 34% en el periodo 2 y 1% en el periodo investigado. Durante el periodo analizado representaron en promedio el 73% de la producción nacional total. 218. El mercado nacional, medido por el consumo interno, la Secretaría observó que este mostró un comportamiento similar al que registró el CNA. En efecto, disminuyó 2% en el periodo 2, pero aumentó 3% en el periodo investigado, de forma que registró un crecimiento de 1% en el periodo analizado. Las ventas al mercado interno nacionales disminuyeron 16% en el periodo 2 y 9% en el periodo investigado, por lo que acumularon una caída de 23% durante el periodo analizado. 219. Por su parte, la producción nacional orientada al mercado interno, en adelante PNOMI -calculada como la producción nacional total menos las exportaciones-, tuvo un desempeño similar al observado por la producción nacional, disminuyó 24% en el periodo 2, pero aumentó 25% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una caída de 5% durante el periodo analizado. 5. Análisis de las importaciones 220. De conformidad con lo establecido en los artículos 3.1 y 3.2 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 41, fracción I de la LCE, y 64, fracción I del RLCE, la Secretaría evaluó el comportamiento y la tendencia de las importaciones del producto objeto de investigación durante el periodo analizado, tanto en términos absolutos como en relación con la producción o el consumo nacional. 221. Plastiglas argumentó que, en un contexto de crecimiento del mercado nacional, durante el periodo investigado y analizado, se registró un incremento importante en las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, en términos absolutos y en relación con el CNA y el consumo interno, así como en relación con las ventas al mercado interno y la producción nacional, desplazando incluso a las importaciones de otros orígenes, con niveles de precios que registraron márgenes de subvaloración asociado a prácticas de dumping, lo que desplazó del mercado a la producción nacional y le causó un daño material . 222. Plastiglas agregó que, la disminución de la producción y ventas de la industria nacional, durante el periodo analizado, coinciden con un incremento en el volumen de importaciones investigadas. 223. La Solicitante indicó que el producto objeto de investigación, se clasifica e ingresa al mercado nacional a través de la fracción arancelaria especifica 3920.51.01 de la TIGIE con NICO 00. Asimismo, señaló que también puede ingresar por la fracción arancelaria genérica 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE con los NICO 01 y 99, correspondientes al régimen definitivo y temporal. 224. Para sustentar el análisis sobre el valor, volumen y precio de las importaciones objeto de investigación, la Solicitante presentó una base de datos de importaciones de la mercancía clasificada bajo las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE que obtuvo de la ANIQ. Agregó que, por dichas fracciones arancelarias, identificó que también ingresaron productos distintos al investigado, por lo que presentó la siguiente metodología de depuración, a fin de identificar las operaciones de importación que corresponden exclusivamente a lámina acrílica objeto de investigación: a.     Excluyó las operaciones con claves de pedimento A3, A4, AD, BA, BH, F4, F5, H1, K1, M3, V1 y V5, las cuales se refieren a procesos de devolución o importaciones virtuales. b.    Consideró aquellas operaciones que por su descripción corresponden a láminas acrílicas objeto de investigación y excluyó productos distintos, por ejemplo: i) plásticos distintos al acrílico como ABS, policarbonato, PVC y nylon; ii) productos manufacturados distintos a láminas acrílicas como ventanas, exhibidores, películas, entre otros; iii) plásticos para pantallas; y iv) tiras, barras y cintas de diversos materiales. c.     Excluyó las operaciones de láminas acrílicas con un volumen menor a 10 kg, por considerarse como muestras o errores de registro, dado que se trata de cantidades demasiado pequeñas y ajenas a una lógica comercial. 225. Al respecto, la Secretaría previno a la Solicitante aclarar algunos aspectos sobre la metodología, así como inconsistencias identificadas en su depuración, en los siguientes términos: a.     Explicar por qué consideró dentro del cálculo de importaciones objeto de investigación las importaciones identificadas como país de origen México. b.    Exponer por qué consideró razonable incluir como producto objeto de investigación, las importaciones que ingresaron por la fracción 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE con NICO 01, ya que las mercancías no indican tener un contenido de resina de MMA mayor a 50% en peso. Además, las importaciones que ingresan por dicho NICO corresponden a "Placas poliacrílicas, con un contenido de poli(metacrilato de metilo) inferior al 50% en peso", de conformidad con el Acuerdo NICO 2022. c.     Señalar por qué se consideró como producto investigado descripciones que claramente no corresponden al producto investigado; por ejemplo: panel corrugado, hojas de teflón, patas de acrílico para muebles, micas, entre otros. 226. En respuesta, la Solicitante revisó su depuración y realizó los ajustes correspondientes, excluyó las importaciones con país de origen México, así como las mercancías que no corresponden al producto objeto de investigación. Adicionalmente, Plastiglas manifestó que consideró no incluir el NICO 01 de la fracción arancelaria 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE, debido a que en dicho NICO se indica explícitamente que los productos ahí clasificados tienen menos de 50% de MMA en peso, los cuales no corresponden al producto objeto de investigación; además de que no contó con las facturas y pedimentos para confirmar si por un error de clasificación hubiese ingresado producto objeto de investigación y que, en todo caso, dicho volumen resultaría insignificante. 227. En consecuencia, Plastiglas presentó nuevamente su base y el cálculo de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China y de otros orígenes. De acuerdo con sus estimaciones, indicó que, durante el periodo analizado, las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica crecieron 23%, impulsadas por el crecimiento importante de las importaciones originarias de China, las cuales se incrementaron 116%, mientras que las importaciones de otros orígenes disminuyeron 12%. Agregó que, debido a los bajos precios a los que incurren, las importaciones investigadas ganaron 22 puntos porcentuales de participación en las importaciones totales, al pasar de representar el 35% en el periodo 1 a 57% en el periodo investigado. 228. Con el propósito de verificar la razonabilidad del cálculo de importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China y de otros orígenes, realizado por la Solicitante, la Secretaría se allegó del listado de operaciones de importación de la Balanza Comercial, correspondiente a las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE, para el periodo analizado. La Secretaría consideró dicha base de importaciones, por los motivos expuestos en el punto 41 de la presente Resolución. 229. La Secretaría replicó la metodología de identificación de importaciones propuesta por la Solicitante, en la base de importaciones de la Balanza Comercial, y calculó los valores y volúmenes de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China y de otros orígenes. Como resultado, obtuvo cifras y tendencias similares de las importaciones investigadas a las estimadas por la Solicitante, tal como se describe en los puntos subsecuentes. 230. La Secretaría observó que las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica aumentaron 13% en el periodo analizado, crecieron 4% en el periodo 2 y 8% en el periodo investigado. Este comportamiento se explica, principalmente, por el desempeño de las importaciones originarias de China, debido a lo siguiente: a.     Las importaciones investigadas aumentaron 107% en el periodo analizado; se incrementaron 75% en el periodo 2 y 18% en el periodo investigado. Derivado de este comportamiento aumentaron 24 puntos porcentuales de participación en las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica durante el periodo analizado, al pasar de una contribución de 28% en el periodo 1 a 48% en el periodo 2 y 52% en el periodo investigado. b.    En contraste, las importaciones de otros orígenes disminuyeron 25% en el periodo analizado; se redujeron 24% en el periodo 2 y 1% en el periodo investigado. En relación con la participación en el total de las importaciones de lámina acrílica, las importaciones originarias de otros países disminuyeron su participación en 24 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de una contribución de 72% en el periodo 1 a 52% en el periodo 2 y 48% en el periodo investigado. 231. En términos de participación en el mercado nacional, la Secretaría observó que las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica aumentaron 3.8 puntos porcentuales su participación en el CNA en el periodo analizado, al pasar de representar 65.9% en el periodo 1 a 69.7% en el periodo investigado. Este comportamiento está asociado con el aumento de participación de mercado que observaron las importaciones investigadas, debido a lo siguiente: a.     Las importaciones investigadas incrementaron su participación en el CNA en 17.7 puntos porcentuales durante el periodo analizado y 1.7 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, al pasar de una contribución de 18.7% en el periodo 1 a 36.4% en el periodo investigado. b.    En contraste, las importaciones de otros países disminuyeron su participación en el CNA en 13.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de una contribución de 47.2% en el periodo 1 a 33.3% en el periodo investigado. 232. Mientras que las importaciones investigadas aumentaron su participación en el mercado nacional, la PNOMI, disminuyó su contribución en el CNA en 3.8 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de una contribución del 34.1% en el periodo 1 a 30.3% en el periodo investigado. Lo anterior refleja que el incremento en la participación de las importaciones investigadas en el mercado interno se debe al desplazamiento de la producción nacional y de las importaciones de otros orígenes. La Secretaría observó que el consumo interno mostró un comportamiento similar al que registró el CNA. En efecto, disminuyó 2% en el periodo 2, pero se incrementó 3% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó un crecimiento acumulado de 1% en el periodo analizado. CNA - Mercado nacional de lámina acrílica

Fuente: Elaboración de la Secretaría con información de la Solicitante, Acrílicos Newton, Plaskolite, ANIQ y la Balanza Comercial. 233. En relación con el consumo interno, las importaciones investigadas también incrementaron su participación en 19.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de representar 18.9% en el periodo 1 a 38.8% en el periodo investigado. En contraste, las importaciones de otros orígenes perdieron 11.9 puntos porcentuales en el consumo interno en el periodo analizado, al pasar de representar 47.6% en el periodo 1 a 35.7% en el periodo investigado. 234. Por su parte, las ventas nacionales al mercado interno disminuyeron su participación en el consumo interno en 8 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de representar 33.5% en el periodo 1 a 25.5% en el periodo investigado. Consumo interno - Mercado nacional de lámina acrílica

Fuente: Elaboración de la Secretaría con información de la Solicitante, Acrílicos Newton, Plaskolite, ANIQ y la Balanza Comercial. 235. Las importaciones originarias de China también registraron un incremento significativo con respecto de la producción nacional, al aumentar en 25 puntos porcentuales durante el periodo analizado; crecieron 21 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y 4 puntos porcentuales el periodo investigado, al pasar de representar el 13% de la producción nacional en el periodo 1, 34% en el periodo 2 y 38% en el periodo investigado. 236. Asimismo, como se señala en el punto 265 de la presente Resolución, en el periodo analizado, 34 clientes de Plastiglas realizaron importaciones de lámina acrílica originaria de China. Al respecto, destaca que las importaciones de la mercancía investigada que realizaron dichos clientes, aumentaron 235% en el periodo analizado; crecieron 146% en el periodo 2 y 36% en el periodo investigado; mientras que sus compras de lámina acrílica de fabricación nacional disminuyeron 16% en el periodo analizado; se redujeron 7% en el periodo 2 y 10% en el periodo investigado. Estos resultados permiten inferir, de manera inicial, que los volúmenes de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China sustituyeron las compras de la mercancía nacional similar. 237. Con base en el análisis descrito en los puntos 220 a 236 de la presente Resolución, la Secretaría determinó, de manera inicial, que las importaciones investigadas, registraron una tendencia creciente en términos absolutos y en relación con el mercado y la producción nacional, tanto en el periodo investigado como en el periodo analizado, lo que indica la posible existencia de un desplazamiento del producto similar de fabricación nacional causado por las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios. En este sentido, el crecimiento que registró el mercado nacional descrito en los puntos 217 y 218 de la presente Resolución, solo benefició a las importaciones originarias de China, ya que tanto las importaciones de otros orígenes como la PNOMI y las ventas nacionales al mercado interno disminuyeron su participación de mercado en el periodo analizado. 6. Efectos sobre los precios 238. Con fundamento en lo dispuesto por los artículos 3.1 y 3.2 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 41, fracción II de la LCE, y 64, fracción II del RLCE, la Secretaría analizó si las importaciones originarias de China concurrieron al mercado nacional a precios considerablemente inferiores a los del producto nacional similar, o bien, si el efecto de estas importaciones fue deprimir los precios internos o impedir el aumento que, en otro caso, se hubiera producido, y si el nivel de precios de las importaciones fue determinante para explicar su comportamiento en el mercado nacional. 239. Plastiglas señaló que el incremento de la participación de las importaciones investigadas en las importaciones totales durante el periodo investigado y analizado, es resultado del bajo precio al que ingresaron en el mercado nacional, con márgenes de subvaloración con respecto al precio de la rama de producción nacional, así como del precio de las importaciones de otros orígenes. Agregó que el bajo precio de las importaciones investigadas permitió que incrementaran su participación en el mercado nacional, sustituyendo a las importaciones de otros orígenes, así como a las ventas al mercado interno nacional. 240. La Solicitante manifestó que, durante el periodo analizado, el precio de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China disminuyó 12%, lo que contrasta con el incremento del precio promedio de las importaciones de otros orígenes de 4%, así como del precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional que creció 2%. Plastiglas agregó que, en el periodo investigado, el precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional registró una presión a la baja, al disminuir 10%, como consecuencia de los bajos precios de las importaciones investigadas; lo anterior a pesar de que el precio de las importaciones originarias de China se incrementó en 7% en el periodo investigado. 241. Con la finalidad de evaluar la existencia de subvaloración, la Solicitante consideró el precio de internación a nivel aduana de las importaciones investigadas, ajustados con el derecho de trámite aduanero, así como otros gastos de internación. Como resultado, la Solicitante observó que el precio de las importaciones investigadas registró márgenes de subvaloración con respecto al precio nacional de 40.53% en el periodo 1, 56.46% en el periodo 2 y 48.68% en el periodo investigado. 242. Con el propósito de realizar el análisis del comportamiento de los precios del producto investigado y evaluar los argumentos de la Solicitante, la Secretaría consideró la información que consta en el expediente administrativo, correspondiente a las ventas al mercado interno realizadas por la rama de producción nacional, así como los valores y volúmenes de las importaciones de la Balanza Comercial, obtenidos conforme a lo descrito en los puntos 228 y 229 de la presente Resolución, y calculó los precios implícitos promedio de las importaciones investigadas y de los demás países, expresados en dólares. Al respecto, la Secretaría observó lo siguiente: a.     El precio promedio de las importaciones investigadas registró una disminución de 9% en el periodo analizado; se redujo 15% en el periodo 2, pero aumentó 8% en el periodo investigado. b.    El precio promedio de las importaciones de otros orígenes registró un aumento de 19% en el periodo analizado; creció 12% en el periodo 2 y 6% en el periodo investigado. c.     Por su parte, el precio promedio de las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional -medido en dólares- creció 2% en el periodo analizado; aumentó 13% en el periodo 2, pero tuvo una caída de 10% en el periodo investigado. 243. Con la finalidad de evaluar la existencia de subvaloración en los precios de las importaciones, la Secretaría incluyó los gastos de internación -arancel, gastos de agente aduanal y derechos de trámite aduanero- para comparar al mismo nivel de competencia los precios del producto investigado y de otros orígenes con el precio en planta de venta en el mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional. 244. De acuerdo con lo anterior, la Secretaría comparó los precios de las importaciones investigadas, en presuntas condiciones de dumping, y de otros orígenes con el precio de venta en el mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional. Al respecto, observó lo siguiente: a.     El precio promedio de las importaciones investigadas se ubicó por debajo del precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional en todo el periodo analizado, de manera que se registró márgenes de subvaloración de 41% en el periodo 1, 56% en el periodo 2 y 47% en el periodo investigado. b.    Con respecto al precio promedio de las importaciones de otros orígenes, el precio promedio de las importaciones investigadas también registró márgenes de subvaloración en todo el periodo analizado, en porcentajes de 37% en el periodo 1, 53% en el periodo 2 y 51% en el periodo investigado. c.     Por otra parte, si bien, el precio de las importaciones de otros orígenes se ubicó por debajo del precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional, en niveles de 6% en el periodo 1 y 7% en el periodo 2, no registró márgenes de subvaloración en el periodo investigado pues se ubicó 10% por encima del precio de la rama de producción nacional. Precios de las importaciones investigadas y del producto nacional

Subvaloración (%)

Periodo 1

Periodo 2

Periodo investigado

Respecto del precio nacional

-41

-56

-47

Respecto del precio de otros orígenes

-37

-53

-51

Fuente: Elaboración de la Secretaría con información de la Solicitante y de la Balanza Comercial. 245. Adicionalmente, Plastiglas manifestó que los precios de las importaciones investigadas que ingresan a México no cubren ni siquiera el costo de la materia prima en el mercado internacional. Para sustentarlo, comparó los precios de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China con el precio promedio de la principal materia prima para producir la lámina acrílica (MMA), para ello consideró los precios internacionales de referencia del MMA para el mercado de Estados Unidos obtenido de Servicios Independientes de Inteligencia sobre Materias Primas, ICIS, por las siglas en inglés Independent Commodity Inteligence Services para el periodo marzo de 2024 a febrero de 2025. Al respecto, la Secretaría comparo el precio de las importaciones investigadas en el periodo investigado, señalado en el punto 243 de la presente Resolución, con el precio promedio del MMA para el mercado de Estados Unidos, a partir del ICIS, como resultado observó que el precio de las importaciones investigadas se ubicó 2% por debajo del precio de la materia prima del MMA, lo que confirma lo señalado por la Solicitante. 246. La información anterior, aporta elementos que indican de manera inicial, que los bajos precios observados de las importaciones investigadas durante el periodo analizado, presionaron a la baja al precio de la rama de producción nacional en el periodo investigado, para poder competir con las importaciones en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, lo que a su vez se tradujo en menores ingresos por ventas y utilidades de operación como se analiza en el siguiente apartado. Asimismo, a pesar de que el precio de las importaciones investigadas aumentó 8% en el periodo investigado, este se ubicó por debajo del precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional en 47%, lo que provocó un incremento en su volumen importado de 18% y el incremento de su participación en el mercado nacional de 1.6 puntos porcentuales en el CNA y de 4.8 puntos porcentuales en el consumo interno. 247. De acuerdo con los resultados descritos en los puntos anteriores, durante el periodo investigado y analizado, las importaciones investigadas registraron niveles significativos de subvaloración con respecto a los precios nacionales y de otras fuentes de abastecimiento, que están asociados con la presunta práctica de discriminación de precios en que incurrieron, conforme lo descrito en el punto 179 de la presente Resolución. A su vez, el bajo nivel de precios de las importaciones investigadas respecto de los precios nacionales como en comparación con otras fuentes de abastecimiento, explica los volúmenes de importación crecientes de dicha mercancía y su mayor participación en el mercado nacional, situación que se ha reflejado en una presión a la baja del precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional en el periodo investigado. En consecuencia, se observó una caída en los ingresos por ventas, utilidad de operación y margen operativo, como se explica en los puntos 238 a 246 de la presente Resolución, lo que hace vulnerable a la rama de producción nacional ante la competencia de las importaciones investigadas en presuntas condiciones de dumping. 7. Efectos sobre la rama de producción nacional 248. Con fundamento en lo establecido en los artículos 3.1 y 3.4 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 41, fracción III de la LCE, y 64, fracción III del RLCE, la Secretaría evaluó los efectos de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China sobre los indicadores económicos y financieros relativos a la rama de producción nacional del producto similar. 249. La Solicitante argumentó que, durante el periodo investigado y analizado, las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China ingresaron a México con márgenes de discriminación de precios superiores a los de minimis, y con significativos márgenes de subvaloración con respecto a los precios nacionales que, aunado al incremento en la participación que registraron en el CNA, el consumo interno y la producción nacional, causó un daño material importante a la rama de producción nacional con afectaciones en sus indicadores económicos y financieros como producción, producción orientada al mercado interno, participación de mercado, ventas al mercado interno, empleo, salarios, productividad, inventarios, utilización de la capacidad instalada y precios, lo que ocasionó una caída en los ingresos por ventas al mercado interno, utilidad de operación y margen operativo. 250. Agregó que, el comportamiento creciente de las importaciones investigadas, registrado durante el periodo analizado, está asociado con la caída de las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional, las cuales disminuyeron 3.8% y 14.2% en el periodo investigado y analizado, respectivamente. 251. Para sustentar sus argumentos, la Solicitante aportó información sobre sus indicadores económicos y financieros -estados de costos, ventas y utilidades de la mercancía similar al mercado interno y al mercado de exportación- así como el estado de los costos y gastos a nivel unitario, para cada uno de los periodos que integran el periodo analizado. Asimismo, Plastiglas presentó sus estados financieros dictaminados de los ejercicios fiscales 2022, 2023 y 2024, y sus balances generales y estados de resultados internos para los periodos enero - marzo de 2024 y de 2025. 252. La Secretaría analizó el desempeño de la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica a partir de los indicadores económicos y financieros de Plastiglas, correspondientes al producto similar en virtud de que es representativa de la rama de producción nacional, tal como se determinó en el punto 207 de la presente Resolución, salvo para aquellos factores que, por razones contables no es factible identificar con el mismo nivel de especificidad -flujo de efectivo, capacidad de reunir capital y rendimiento sobre la inversión-. En ese caso, la Secretaría evaluó su comportamiento a partir de los estados financieros de dicha empresa, de conformidad con los artículos 3.6 del Acuerdo Antidumping y 66 del RLCE, ya que considera la producción del grupo o gama más restringido de productos que incluyen a la mercancía similar. 253. La Secretaría actualizó la información correspondiente a los estados de costos, ventas y utilidades, así como el estado de los costos y gastos a nivel unitario, y la obtenida a partir de los estados financieros dictaminados y de carácter interno, mediante el método de cambios en el nivel general de precios, con base en el Índice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor que calcula el INEGI. 254. De acuerdo con los resultados descritos en los puntos 217 a 218 de la presente Resolución, el mercado nacional de lámina acrílica, medido a través del CNA y del consumo interno, registró una tendencia creciente durante el periodo analizado. 255. En este contexto de crecimiento del mercado nacional del periodo analizado, la producción de lámina acrílica de la rama de producción nacional disminuyó 20% en el periodo analizado; derivado de una caída de 20% en el periodo 2 y 1% en el periodo investigado. 256. Por su parte, la producción orientada al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional creció 3% durante el periodo analizado; disminuyó 22% en el periodo 2, pero aumentó 31% en el periodo investigado. 257. En cuanto a la participación de la producción orientada al mercado interno de la rama en el CNA, disminuyó 0.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado como resultado de la disminución de 4.6 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y de un incremento de 3.7 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, al pasar de una participación de 26.9% en el periodo 1, 22.3% en el periodo 2 y 26.0% en el periodo investigado. 258. Por su parte, la participación de las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional en el consumo interno, disminuyó 3.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado; se redujo 2.3 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y 1.6 puntos en el periodo investigado, al pasar de una participación de 26.3% en el periodo 1, 24.0% en el periodo 2 y 22.4% en el periodo investigado. 259. En contraste, la Secretaría observó que, de acuerdo con lo descrito en los puntos 231 y 233 de la presente Resolución: a.     Las importaciones investigadas aumentaron su contribución en el CNA en 17.7 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, 16 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y 1.7 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, al pasar de una participación de 18.7% en el periodo 1, 34.7% en el periodo 2 a 36.4% en el periodo investigado; mientras que las importaciones de otros orígenes disminuyeron su participación en el CNA en 13.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de una contribución de 47.2% en el periodo 1 a 33.3% en el periodo investigado, en este último periodo disminuyeron su contribución en 4.7 puntos porcentuales. b.    En relación con el consumo interno, las importaciones investigadas también incrementaron su participación en 19.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, al pasar de representar 18.9% en el periodo 1, 34.0% en el periodo 2 y 38.8% en el periodo investigado. En contraste, las importaciones de otros orígenes perdieron 11.9 puntos porcentuales en el consumo interno en el periodo analizado, al pasar de representar 47.6% en el periodo 1, 37.1% en el periodo 2, y 35.7% en el periodo investigado. 260. Lo anterior indica que, fueron las importaciones investigadas las que se beneficiaron del crecimiento del CNA y del consumo interno, pues incrementaron su participación de mercado tanto en el periodo investigado y analizado, en detrimento de la rama de producción nacional. 261. La Secretaría observó que las ventas totales -al mercado interno y externo- de la rama de producción nacional se redujeron 25% en el periodo analizado, como resultado de una disminución de 17% en el periodo 2 y 9% en el periodo investigado. Al respecto, se observó que el desempeño que registraron las ventas totales de la rama de producción nacional es consistente con el comportamiento y contribución, tanto de las ventas al mercado interno como al mercado externo, en razón de lo siguiente: a.     Las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional tuvieron un comportamiento decreciente a lo largo del periodo analizado, se redujeron 11% en el periodo 2 y 4% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una caída de 14% en el periodo analizado. Este comportamiento asociado al desempeño del precio de la rama de producción nacional permite inferir que, ante la competencia con las importaciones en presuntas condiciones de dumping, la rama de producción nacional ajustó su precio a la baja en el periodo investigado para no perder ventas en el mercado interno, como lo sustenta el análisis descrito en el punto 247 de la presente Resolución. b.    Las exportaciones de la rama de producción nacional cayeron 19% en el periodo 2 y 11% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una caída del 28% en el periodo analizado. c.     Resalta que, si bien las exportaciones de la rama de producción nacional representaron en promedio el 74% de sus ventas totales, estas mantuvieron prácticamente su participación a lo largo del periodo analizado, ya que en el periodo investigado solo reflejaron una caída de 2 puntos porcentuales y en el periodo analizado de 3 puntos porcentuales. 262. Plastiglas manifestó que, si bien el volumen de las ventas al mercado de exportación se contrajo y representó un porcentaje mayoritario de las ventas totales durante el periodo analizado, su evolución no fue la causa del daño observado a la producción orientada al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional, pues independientemente del comportamiento del mercado de exportación, existe un impacto negativo en los indicadores económicos y financieros de Plastiglas que se refieren estrictamente a su participación en el mercado interno, como consecuencia de las importaciones investigadas en condiciones de dumping. Agregó que, al realizar el análisis del mercado nacional mediante el consumo interno (ventas al mercado interno más importaciones) y no con el CNA (producción más importaciones menos exportaciones), contribuye de mejor manera evaluar directamente los efectos de las importaciones investigadas en el consumo interno y en los indicadores de la rama de producción nacional. 263. La Secretaría considera que, a pesar de que las ventas al mercado externo de la rama de producción nacional registraron una contribución significativa en sus ventas totales, el comportamiento negativo que registraron las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional muestra una asociación directa con el incremento de las importaciones investigadas en presuntas condiciones de dumping en el mercado interno, donde compite con las importaciones en condiciones de discriminación de precios. Asimismo, este comportamiento de las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional estuvo relacionado con los bajos precios a los que concurrieron las importaciones investigadas, las cuales, como se señaló en el punto 244 de la presente Resolución, ingresaron al mercado nacional con márgenes de subvaloración respecto al precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional a lo largo del periodo analizado, en 41% en el periodo 1, 56% en el periodo 2 y 47% en el periodo investigado. 264. Adicionalmente, la Secretaría coincide con la Solicitante en el sentido de que, dada la contribución de las ventas al mercado externo de la rama de producción nacional en sus ventas totales durante el periodo analizado, resulta también adecuado analizar el mercado interno mediante el consumo interno y el comportamiento de las importaciones investigadas y sus efectos en los indicadores de la rama de producción nacional. 265. Por otra parte, de acuerdo con los listados de ventas de Plastiglas a sus clientes, así como el listado de importaciones de la Balanza Comercial y el calculó de las importaciones objeto de investigación señalado en los puntos 228 y 229 de la presente Resolución, la Secretaría observó de manera inicial que, en el periodo analizado: i) 34 clientes de la rama de producción nacional adquirieron lámina acrílica originaria de China, sus importaciones de dichos clientes crecieron 146% en el periodo 2 y 36% en el periodo investigado, con un crecimiento acumulado de 235% durante el periodo analizado; ii) el precio al que importaron esas empresas registró una reducción de 9% durante el periodo analizado; iii) las importaciones de estos clientes se realizaron con márgenes de subvaloración de 50% en el periodo investigado y 52% en el periodo analizado con respecto al precio de los clientes de la rama de producción nacional; iv) las ventas de la rama de producción nacional a estos clientes disminuyeron 10% en el periodo investigado y 16% en el periodo analizado, a pesar de que en el periodo investigado el precio nacional de venta a esos clientes se redujo 8%, comportamiento que confirma que los precios fueron un factor determinante para que las importaciones investigadas ganaran participación de mercado; v) la participación de las compras de dichos clientes en las ventas internas totales de la rama de producción nacional se redujo de 38% en el periodo 1 a 37% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una caída de 1 punto porcentual durante el periodo analizado, y vi) las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China que realizaron estos clientes representaron el 48% y 41% de las importaciones investigadas de China durante el periodo investigado y analizado, respectivamente. 266. Estos resultados permiten inferir de manera inicial que las importaciones investigadas sustituyeron al producto de fabricación nacional y limitaron el crecimiento de las ventas y de la producción de la rama de producción nacional en el periodo analizado, a pesar de que la rama de producción nacional ajustó sus precios en el periodo investigado para no perder ventas en el mercado interno. 267. En cuanto a la capacidad instalada de la rama de producción nacional para producir lámina acrílica, Plastiglas manifestó que la calculó a partir de la capacidad máxima de producción de sus plantas. La Secretaría observó que este indicador se mantuvo constante en el periodo analizado. 268. La Secretaría analizó el comportamiento de la utilización de la capacidad instalada de la rama de producción nacional y observó que disminuyó 16.1 puntos porcentuales durante el periodo analizado; se redujo 15.6 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y 0.5 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, al pasar de una utilización de 78.5% en el periodo 1 a 62.4% en el periodo investigado. 269. En cuanto al empleo de la rama de producción nacional, la Secretaría observó que disminuyó 11% en el periodo analizado, se redujo 8% en el periodo 2 y 3% en el periodo investigado. Por su parte, la masa salarial, expresada en pesos, presentó una caída de 8% en el periodo analizado; derivado de un incremento de 1% en el periodo 2 y una disminución de 9% en el periodo investigado. 270. El desempeño de la producción y del empleo de la rama de producción nacional se tradujo en una caída en su productividad -medida como el cociente de estos indicadores- de 11% en el periodo analizado; se redujo 13% en el periodo 2, pero se incrementó 2% en el periodo investigado. 271. Por otra parte, los inventarios de la rama de producción nacional aumentaron 30% en el periodo analizado; disminuyeron 20% en el periodo 2, pero se incrementaron 63% en el periodo investigado. Lo anterior, en conjunto con la caída del 4% y 14% en las ventas al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional en el periodo investigado y analizado, respectivamente, indica que la rama de producción nacional no pudo colocar sus productos en el mercado interno derivado del crecimiento que observaron las importaciones investigadas, en presuntas condiciones de dumping. 272. La Secretaría examinó la situación financiera de la rama de producción nacional de lámina de acrílico, a partir del estado de costos, ventas y utilidades de mercancía similar de sus ventas en el mercado interno durante el periodo analizado. 273. La Secretaría observó que los ingresos por ventas del producto similar al mercado interno disminuyeron 15% en el periodo 2 y 8% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una disminución acumulada de 22% durante el periodo analizado. 274. Mientras que, los costos de operación (entendiendo estos como la suma de los costos de venta más los gastos de operación) registraron una disminución de 19% en el periodo 2 y un aumento de 3% en el periodo investigado, de tal forma que, disminuyeron 16% en el periodo analizado. 275. A partir del comportamiento de los ingresos por ventas y de los costos de operación de la mercancía similar al mercado interno, la Secretaría observó una disminución en la utilidad operativa de 4% en el periodo 2 y de 36% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una caída de 38% durante el periodo analizado. 276. El margen operativo de la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica al mercado interno registró el siguiente comportamiento: en el periodo 1 representó el 24.3%, en el periodo 2, el 27.5%, y en el periodo investigado el 19.1%. Es decir, el margen operativo aumentó 3.2 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y disminuyó 8.4 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, por lo que acumuló una reducción de 5.2 puntos porcentuales durante el periodo analizado. Estados de costos, ventas y utilidades de lámina acrílica al mercado interno

Fuente: Elaborado por la Secretaría con información presentada por la Solicitante. 277. La Secretaría observó que la disminución de los resultados operativos de la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica en el periodo investigado, se explica debido a una caída de los ingresos resultantes de las ventas de la mercancía similar en el mercado nacional y un incremento de los costos operativos. En lo que se refiere a la disminución de las utilidades operativas durante el periodo analizado, se debió a que, a pesar de que los costos de operación disminuyeron, los ingresos disminuyeron a un ritmo más acelerado. 278. La Solicitante señaló que, la presión competitiva del producto chino le ha impedido ajustar sus precios en el mercado interno en línea con la evolución de sus costos de producción lo que ha tenido un impacto sobre sus utilidades, tanto durante el periodo analizado como en el periodo investigado. Agregó que, la entrada al país de producto chino en condiciones desleales ha presionado a la baja los precios en el mercado interno de Plastiglas. 279. Con base en los estados de costos y gastos unitarios presentados por la rama de producción nacional, la Secretaría observó que los costos de operación a nivel unitario (la suma de los costos de la mercancía vendida y los gastos de operación por kg) registraron una disminución de 9.7% en el periodo 2 y un aumento de 5.4% en el periodo investigado, lo que resultó en una disminución de 4.9% durante el periodo analizado. Al mismo tiempo, los precios implícitos de venta en el mercado nacional expresados en moneda nacional disminuyeron 4.6% en el periodo 2 y 4.1% en el periodo investigado, lo que se tradujo en una disminución de 8.5% durante el periodo analizado. Es decir, la Secretaría observó que los precios al mercado nacional registraron una depresión durante el periodo analizado, ya que disminuyeron 8.5% mientras que los costos unitarios operativos disminuyeron únicamente 4.9%, lo que resultó en una menor utilidad unitaria que la registrada por la producción nacional al inicio del periodo analizado, que disminuyó 6.8 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, y 2.9 puntos porcentuales durante el periodo analizado, tal como se observa en la siguiente gráfica: Estados de costos y gastos unitarios de lámina acrílica

Fuente: Elaborado por la Secretaría con información financiera de la Solicitante. 280. En relación con las variables financieras de rendimiento sobre la inversión en activos, en adelante ROA, por las siglas en inglés de Return On Assets, flujo de efectivo y capacidad de reunir capital, se evaluaron a partir de los estados financieros dictaminados de los ejercicios fiscales 2022, 2023 y 2024, y de los estados financieros internos del primer trimestre de 2024 y del mismo periodo de 2025, ya que consideran la producción del grupo o gama más restringido de productos que incluyen a la mercancía similar nacional, de conformidad con lo descrito en los artículos 3.6 del Acuerdo Antidumping y 66 del RLCE. 281. Respecto al rendimiento sobre la inversión en activos de la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica -calculado a nivel operativo- mostró una disminución de 4.9 puntos porcentuales de 2022 a 2024, y creció 0.5 puntos porcentuales en el primer trimestre de 2025, respecto al primer trimestre de 2024, tal como se muestra en la siguiente tabla: Indicador

2022

2023

2024

1er trimestre 2024

1er trimestre 2025

ROA

12.6%

15.3%

7.7%

0.5%

1.0%

Fuente: Estados financieros de la Solicitante. 282. A partir de los estados de flujo de efectivo de la empresa integrante de la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica, la Secretaría analizó el flujo de caja a nivel operativo y observó que, de 2022 a 2024, este disminuyó 49% como consecuencia de la disminución en utilidades y en recursos generados vía capital de trabajo. Sobre el comportamiento de este indicador para el primer trimestre de 2025, respecto del mismo trimestre de 2024, la Secretaría solicitará algunas aclaraciones respecto a los flujos de efectivo internos proporcionados por la Solicitante. 283. La capacidad de reunir capital de la industria nacional se analiza a través del comportamiento de los índices de solvencia, liquidez, apalancamiento y deuda calculados con información de los estados financieros. A continuación, se muestra un resumen del comportamiento de estos indicadores durante el periodo analizado: Indicador

2022

2023

2024

1er trimestre 2024

1er trimestre 2025

Razón de circulante (veces)

1.66

1.88

2.19

2.11

3.15

Prueba de ácido (veces)

1.04

1.12

0.91

1.38

1.41

Apalancamiento

155%

92%

53%

78%

38%

Deuda

1%

48%

35%

44%

28%

Fuente: Estados financieros de la Solicitante. 284. De acuerdo con los resultados descritos en el cuadro anterior, la Secretaría observó que la razón de circulante es aceptable durante todo el periodo analizado, ya que en general una relación de 1 a 1 o superior entre los activos circulantes y los pasivos de corto plazo se considera adecuada. Por su parte, la prueba de ácido, es decir, el activo circulante menos el valor de los inventarios -que son los activos de mayor liquidez- en relación con el pasivo de corto plazo también fue aceptable durante el periodo analizado, excepto en el 2024, ya que registró una relación menor a la unidad. 285. Normalmente, se considera que una proporción del pasivo total con respecto al capital contable o del pasivo total con respecto al activo total es manejable si representa la unidad o es inferior a la misma. En lo que se refiere al índice de apalancamiento, este solamente reflejó una relación mayor al 100% en 2022; posteriormente, en los años 2023 y 2024, en el primer trimestre de 2024 y en el primer trimestre de 2025 mantuvo niveles inferiores al 100%. Durante el periodo analizado, los niveles de deuda también registraron niveles manejables, al situarse por debajo de 100%. Por lo tanto, la rama de producción nacional contó con capacidad para reunir capital durante el periodo analizado. 286. A partir de los resultados descritos anteriormente, la Secretaría determinó de manera inicial que existen indicios suficientes para sustentar que, el incremento de las importaciones investigadas, en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios y los bajos niveles de precios a que concurrieron con significativos márgenes de subvaloración, causaron efectos negativos reales en indicadores relevantes de la rama de producción nacional: a.     En el periodo investigado respecto del periodo similar anterior se observó un deterioro en los siguientes indicadores: la producción (-1%), las ventas al mercado interno (-4%), el empleo (-3%), la masa salarial (-9%), la utilización de la capacidad instalada (-0.5 puntos porcentuales), el nivel de inventarios (+63), la participación de mercado en el consumo interno (-1.6 puntos porcentuales) y el precio de venta al mercado interno (-10%). b.    En el periodo analizado, se observó deterioro en las variables económicas de la rama de producción nacional de lámina acrílica, tales como la producción (-20%), las ventas al mercado interno (-14%), el empleo (-11%), la masa salarial (-8%), la productividad (-11%), la utilización de la capacidad instalada (-16.1 puntos porcentuales), el nivel de inventarios (+30%), la participación de mercado en el CNA y el consumo interno (-0.9 puntos porcentuales y -3.9 puntos porcentuales, respectivamente). 287. Asimismo, se observaron indicios de un desplazamiento de mercado de la rama de producción nacional por las importaciones investigadas, ya que durante el periodo analizado 34 clientes de la rama de producción nacional redujeron 16% sus compras de lámina acrílica a Plastiglas, mientras que estos mismos incrementaron 235% sus importaciones originarias China. Destaca que las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China que realizaron estos clientes representaron el 48% y 41% de las importaciones investigadas de China durante el periodo investigado y analizado, respectivamente; asimismo, registraron márgenes de subvaloración de 50% y 52% en el periodo investigado y analizado, respectivamente, respecto al precio de los clientes de la rama de producción nacional. 288. Aunado a lo anterior, la afectación a la rama de producción nacional también se observó en los indicadores financieros durante el periodo analizado al reflejar un comportamiento negativo, con los resultados siguientes: a.     Los ingresos por venta al mercado interno, en términos reales, disminuyeron 15% en el periodo 2 y 8% en el periodo investigado, lo que reflejó una disminución acumulada de 22% en el periodo analizado. b.    Los resultados operativos, en términos reales, disminuyeron 4% en el periodo 2 y 36% en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una disminución acumulada en los resultados operativos de 38% en el periodo analizado. 289. En consecuencia, el margen operativo aumentó 3.2 puntos porcentuales en el periodo 2 y disminuyó 8.4 puntos porcentuales en el periodo investigado, lo que significó una reducción de 5.2 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado. 8. Otros factores de daño 290. De conformidad con lo dispuesto en los artículos 3.5 del Acuerdo Antidumping, 39, último párrafo de la LCE, y 69 del RLCE, la Secretaría examinó la posible concurrencia de factores distintos a las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, que al mismo tiempo pudieran ser causa del daño material a la rama de producción nacional. 291. La Solicitante manifestó que no existen factores distintos a las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, en condiciones de discriminación de precios que hayan afectado el desempeño de los indicadores económicos y financieros de la rama de producción nacional y, en todo caso, ningún otro factor es relevante de modo que pudiera romper el vínculo causal entre el daño y las importaciones investigadas. Al respecto, señaló lo siguiente: a.     No se observa una contracción en la demanda ni cambios significativos en la estructura de consumo que pudieran justificar los efectos negativos observados en la rama de producción nacional. Por el contrario, se observó un crecimiento del CNA y del consumo interno durante el periodo analizado. b.    Las importaciones de otros orígenes también fueron desplazadas por las importaciones investigadas. El crecimiento de las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica durante el periodo analizado fue impulsado por el incremento de las importaciones de origen chino, que aumentaron en 116%, mientras que las del resto de los países disminuyeron 12%; lo que ocasionó que las importaciones investigadas ganaran 22 puntos porcentuales en las importaciones totales en detrimento de las importaciones de otros orígenes, que perdieron participación al pasar de representar el 65% en el periodo 1 a 43% en el periodo investigado. Asimismo, los precios promedio de las importaciones de otros orígenes registraron niveles similares a los precios del producto nacional y superiores al precio de las importaciones investigadas. c.     A pesar de que los resultados de la actividad exportadora no fueron favorables, dicha evolución no guarda relación directa con el desempeño del mercado interno ni con el daño provocado por las importaciones objeto de investigación, ya que si bien, las exportaciones disminuyeron 11.4% en el periodo investigado y 28.5% en el periodo analizado, es presuntamente como consecuencia de que China vende lámina acrílica en condiciones de discriminación de precios en los mercados de exportación de Plastiglas, prueba de ello es la existencia de investigaciones de remedio comercial en otros países, como son los casos de Colombia y Argentina en años recientes. Presentó las páginas de Internet https://www.argentina.gob.ar/cnce/placas-de-metacrilato-0 y https://www.mincit.gov.co/getattachment/0dc05ead-f534-42be-bd56-016f76e1205d/Resolucion-325-del-30-de-octubre-de-2024.aspx. d.    Si bien, la productividad se vio afectada en el periodo analizado al disminuir 11%, esto fue como resultado de la caída en los niveles de producción y empleo, derivado de la práctica desleal. e.     No se identificaron prácticas comerciales restrictivas, ya sea de productores nacionales y extranjeros o una competencia entre ellos, ni alteraciones tecnológicas relevantes o significativos que pudieran explicar el deterioro del desempeño de la industria nacional. 292. La Secretaría analizó el comportamiento del mercado interno, los posibles efectos en los volúmenes y precios de las importaciones de otros orígenes, el desempeño exportador de la rama de producción nacional, así como otros factores que pudieran ser pertinentes para explicar el desempeño de la rama de producción nacional. 293. De acuerdo con la información existente en el expediente administrativo, la demanda nacional de lámina acrílica -en términos del CNA- se incrementó 6% en el periodo analizado, se redujo 5% en el periodo 2, pero aumento 13% en el periodo investigado. En este contexto del mercado nacional, las importaciones investigadas se beneficiaron pues incrementaron su participación en el CNA en 17.6 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, y desplazaron del mercado a las importaciones de otros orígenes en 13.8 puntos porcentuales y a la producción nacional orientada al mercado interno en 3.8 puntos porcentuales. 294. En relación con el consumo interno de lámina acrílica, se observó un comportamiento similar, aumentó 1% en el periodo analizado, disminuyó 2% en el periodo 2, pero se incrementó 3% en el periodo investigado. En este contexto, las importaciones investigadas también se beneficiaron, ya que aumentaron su participación en el consumo interno en 19.9 puntos porcentuales en el periodo analizado, desplazaron del mercado a las importaciones de otros orígenes en 11.9 puntos porcentuales y a las ventas nacionales al mercado interno en 8 puntos porcentuales. Lo anterior, se explica por los bajos precios en presuntas condiciones de dumping y al margen de subvaloración con que se realizaron. La Secretaría tampoco tuvo elementos que indiquen que las importaciones de otros orígenes podrían ser causa de daño a la rama de producción nacional, en razón de lo siguiente: a.     Las importaciones de otros orígenes disminuyeron 25% a lo largo del periodo analizado; se redujeron 24% en el periodo 2 y 1% en el periodo investigado, lo que provocó una caída de su participación en las importaciones totales en 4 puntos porcentuales y 24 puntos porcentuales durante el periodo investigado y analizado, respectivamente, al pasar de representar 72% en el periodo 1, 52% en el periodo 2 y 48% en el periodo investigado, derivado del incremento de las importaciones investigadas. b.    Las importaciones de otros orígenes, la producción y ventas al mercado interno nacionales perdieron participación de mercado en el periodo analizado. Aunado a su pérdida de participación en el CNA y en el consumo interno, el precio promedio de las importaciones de otros orígenes se ubicó 10% por encima del precio promedio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional en el periodo investigado. 295. Respecto del desempeño exportador de la rama de producción nacional, tal como se señaló en los puntos 261 y 263 de la presente Resolución, aunque las exportaciones disminuyeron 28% durante el periodo analizado - con una caída del 19% en el periodo 1 y 11% en el periodo investigado-, y representaron en promedio el 74% de las ventas totales en el periodo analizado, el análisis de la información que consta en el expediente administrativo indica que, los indicadores específicos al mercado interno muestran un deterioro asociado a las importaciones investigadas en supuestas condiciones de discriminación de precios. 296. En cuanto a la productividad de la rama de producción nacional, la Secretaría considera que no puede ser la causa del daño a la rama de producción nacional, pues, aunque registró una caída del 11% en el periodo 2, se recuperó en el periodo investigado con un incremento del 2%. Asimismo, la disminución de la productividad durante el periodo analizado se explicaría por la caída en la producción y el empleo de la rama de producción nacional a causa de la competencia con las importaciones investigadas en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, que desplazaron del mercado a la rama de producción nacional. 297. La información existente en el expediente administrativo no indica que hubiesen ocurrido innovaciones tecnológicas ni cambios en la estructura de consumo, o bien, prácticas comerciales restrictivas que afectaran el desempeño de la rama de producción nacional. 298. De acuerdo con los resultados descritos en los puntos anteriores, la Secretaría no identificó, de manera inicial, factores distintos de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China, en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, que al mismo tiempo pudieran ser causa de daño material a la rama de producción nacional. H. Conclusiones 299. Con base en los resultados del análisis de los argumentos y las pruebas descritas en la presente Resolución, la Secretaría concluyó inicialmente que existen elementos suficientes para presumir que, durante el periodo investigado, las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China se efectuaron en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios y causaron daño material a la rama de producción nacional del producto similar. Entre los principales elementos, evaluados, que sustentan esta conclusión, sin que estos puedan considerarse exhaustivos o limitativos, destacan los siguientes: a.     Las importaciones investigadas se efectuaron con un margen de discriminación de precios superior al de minimis previsto en el artículo 5.8 del Acuerdo Antidumping. En el periodo investigado, dichas importaciones representaron el 52% de las importaciones totales. b.    Las importaciones investigadas se incrementaron 107% en el periodo analizado; aumentaron 75% en el periodo 2 y 18% en el periodo investigado. Derivado a este comportamiento, su participación aumentó 24 puntos porcentuales en las importaciones totales de lámina acrílica durante el periodo analizado, al pasar de una contribución de 28% en el periodo 1, 48% en el periodo 2 a 52% en el periodo investigado. En relación con el CNA, pasaron de una contribución de 18.7% en el periodo 1, 34.7% en el periodo 2 a 36.4% en el periodo investigado. En relación con el consumo interno, pasaron de una contribución de 18.9% en el periodo 1, 34% en el periodo 2 a 38.8% en el periodo investigado. c.     En el periodo analizado el precio promedio de las importaciones investigadas registró niveles de subvaloración con respecto al precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional y de otras fuentes de abastecimiento. En efecto, el porcentaje de subvaloración con respecto al precio de la rama de producción nacional fue de 41% en el periodo 1, 56% en el periodo 2 y de 47% en el periodo investigado. Asimismo, el precio promedio de las importaciones investigadas se ubicó por debajo del precio promedio de las importaciones de otros orígenes en 37% en el periodo 1, 53% en el periodo 2 y 51% en el periodo investigado. d.    El bajo nivel de precios de las importaciones investigadas y la subvaloración respecto de los precios nacionales y respecto de otras fuentes de abastecimiento, explican los volúmenes crecientes de las importaciones investigadas y su mayor participación en el mercado nacional, situación que se reflejó en una caída del precio de venta al mercado interno de la rama de producción nacional de 10% en el periodo investigado para no perder participación de mercado, afectando los ingresos por ventas y los resultados de operación. e.     La concurrencia de las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios incidió negativamente en los indicadores económicos relevantes de la rama de producción nacional tanto en el periodo analizado como en el investigado. Entre los principales indicadores afectados se encuentran los siguientes: i.     En el periodo investigado, se observó un deterioro en la producción (-1%), las ventas al mercado interno (-4%), el empleo (-3%), la masa salarial (-9%), la utilización de la capacidad instalada (-0.5 puntos porcentuales), el nivel de inventarios (+63%), la participación de mercado en el consumo interno (-1.6 puntos porcentuales), el precio de venta al mercado interno (-10%) e ingresos por ventas al mercado interno (-8%), resultados operativos (-36%) y una reducción del margen operativo (-8.4 puntos porcentuales). ii.     En tanto que, en el periodo analizado, se observó deterioro en indicadores como la producción (-20%), las ventas al mercado interno (-14%), el empleo (-11%), la masa salarial (-8%), la productividad (-11%), la utilización de la capacidad instalada (-16.1 puntos porcentuales), el nivel de inventarios (+30%), la participación de mercado en el CNA y el consumo interno (-0.9 puntos porcentuales y -3.9 puntos porcentuales, respectivamente), ingresos por ventas al mercado interno (-22%), resultados operativos (-38%) y una reducción del margen operativo (-5.2 puntos porcentuales). f.     Existen indicios de una sustitución de compras de lámina acrílica de fabricación nacional por las importaciones investigadas. En este sentido, se observó que, en el periodo analizado, 34 clientes de la rama de producción nacional redujeron 16% sus compras de lámina acrílica, mientras que incrementaron sus importaciones originarias de China en 235%, con un margen de subvaloración del orden de 52% con respecto al precio de los clientes de la rama de producción nacional. g.    China enfrenta restricciones comerciales por medidas de remedio comercial en mercados relevantes, lo cual permite presumir que podría continuar orientando parte de sus exportaciones al mercado nacional. h.    No se identificó la concurrencia de otros factores diferentes a las importaciones de lámina acrílica originarias de China en presuntas condiciones de discriminación de precios, que al mismo tiempo hayan causado daño material a la rama de producción nacional. 300. Por lo anteriormente expuesto, y con fundamento en los artículos 5 del Acuerdo Antidumping y 52, fracciones I y II de la LCE, es procedente emitir la siguiente RESOLUCIÓN

301. Se acepta la solicitud de parte interesada y se declara el inicio del procedimiento administrativo de investigación antidumping sobre las importaciones definitivas y temporales de lámina acrílica, originarias de China, independientemente del país de procedencia, que ingresan a través de las fracciones arancelarias 3920.51.01 y 3920.59.99 de la TIGIE, o por cualquier otra. 302. Se fija como periodo investigado el comprendido del 1 de abril de 2024 al 31 de marzo de 2025 y como periodo de análisis de daño el comprendido del 1 de abril de 2022 al 31 de marzo de 2025. 303. La Secretaría podrá aplicar las cuotas compensatorias definitivas que, en su caso, se impongan sobre los productos que se hayan declarado a consumo hasta 90 días antes de la fecha de aplicación de las medidas provisionales, que en su caso se determinen, de conformidad con lo dispuesto en los artículos 10.6 del Acuerdo Antidumping y 65 A de la LCE. 304. De conformidad con los artículos 6.1, 6.11, 12.1 y la nota 15 al pie de página del Acuerdo Antidumping, y 3o., último párrafo y 53 de la LCE, las productoras nacionales, importadoras, exportadoras, personas morales extranjeras o cualquier persona que acredite tener interés jurídico en el resultado de este procedimiento de investigación, contarán con un plazo de 23 días hábiles para acreditar su interés jurídico y presentar la respuesta a los formularios establecidos para tales efectos, los argumentos y las pruebas que consideren convenientes. 305. Para las personas y Gobierno señalados en el punto 21 de la presente Resolución, el plazo de 23 días hábiles empezará a contar cinco días después de la fecha de notificación del inicio de la presente investigación. Para los interesados, el plazo empezará a contar cinco días después de la publicación de la presente Resolución en el DOF. De conformidad con el "Acuerdo por el que se da a conocer el domicilio oficial de la Secretaría de Economía y las unidades administrativas adscritas a la misma", publicado en el DOF el 7 de diciembre de 2023, y el "Acuerdo por el que se establecen medidas administrativas en la Secretaría de Economía con el objeto de brindar facilidades a los usuarios de los trámites y procedimientos que se indican", publicado en el DOF el 4 de agosto de 2021, la presentación de la información podrá realizarse vía electrónica a través de la dirección de correo electrónico upci@economia.gob.mx de las 09:00 a las 18:00 horas, o bien, en forma física de las 09:00 a las 14:00 horas en el domicilio ubicado en Calle Pachuca número 189, Colonia Condesa, Demarcación Territorial Cuauhtémoc, Código Postal 06140, en la Ciudad de México. 306. Los formularios a que se refiere el punto 304 de la presente Resolución, se pueden obtener a través de la página de Internet https://www.gob.mx/se/acciones-y-programas/unidad-de-practicas-comerciales-internacionales-formularios-oficiales?state=published. Asimismo, se podrán solicitar a través de la cuenta de correo electrónico upci@economia.gob.mx o en el domicilio de la Secretaría. 307. Con fundamento en el artículo 53, párrafo tercero de la LCE, notifíquese la presente Resolución a las empresas y al Gobierno de China de que se tiene conocimiento a través de los correos electrónicos que se tienen identificados y por conducto de la Embajada de China en México a las empresas productoras de su país y a cualquier persona que tenga interés jurídico en el resultado del presente procedimiento. Las copias de traslado se ponen a disposición de cualquier parte que las solicite y acredite su interés jurídico en el presente procedimiento, a través de la cuenta de correo electrónico señalada en el punto inmediato anterior de la presente Resolución. 308. Comuníquese esta Resolución a la Agencia Nacional de Aduanas de México y al SAT para los efectos legales correspondientes. 309. La presente Resolución entrará en vigor el día siguiente de su publicación en el DOF. Ciudad de México, a 02 de diciembre de 2025.- El Secretario de Economía, Marcelo Luis Ebrard Casaubon.- Rúbrica.  

Document DIMEX00020251226elcq0000l




CE Noticias Financieras English
Edomex is positioned as a leader in generating  jobs 

468 words
26 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

As of last November, the State of Mexico had 2 million 22 thousand 636 formal jobs registered with the Mexican Social Security Institute(IMSS); that is, 109 thousand 455 more than in the same month of 2024, which is equivalent to an annual increase of 5.7 percent, making it the entity with the highest positive variation in the entire country in said period, according to data from the institute.

The IMSS report reveals that the annual increase in employment registered in November in the state surpasses the national increase of 0.9 percent in said period.

Considering that the IMSS has registered 22 million 837 thousand 768 formal jobs nationwide as of November 30, the state accounts for 8.9 percent of the total.

In the accumulated from January to November of this year, the State of Mexico added 146,129 new formal jobs registered with the IMSS, representing 24.4 percent of the national total generated in the first 11 months of the month.

The state Secretary of Economic Development, Laura González, highlighted that from September 2023 to November 2025 (so far in the current administration) 242,377 new formal jobs have been created, representing an increase of 13.6 percent, surpassing the 3.8 percent national increase in said period, which places the state in first place nationally.

He highlighted that during this period, the State of Mexico accounted for 28 percent of the total national employment; thanks to the state government's strategy, which has allowed it to return to the top five of national and foreign investment in the country; as well as recovering the confidence of businessmen and developing regional strategies.

"The strategy implemented these two years allowed us to reach and maintain the first place in the generation of formal jobs, registered in the IMSS, which had not happened for 27 years. This is not easy. It represents more than 30 percent of the jobs at a national level," he said.

The State of Mexico has an Economically Active Population of 8.4 million people, with an employment rate of 96.3 percent as of the third quarter of this year, according to INEGI data.

The sectors with the highest job creation in the State of Mexico are: logistics, commerce and business services.

Laura González highlighted that the advance in employment is also a result of the 2.1 percent growth in the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the State of Mexico for 2024, higher than the national average of 1.4 percent of the GDP for that year, based on INEGI data.

Thus, the State of Mexico remains the second largest contributor to the national GDP, with 9.1 percent of the total, after Mexico City.

PAL

Document NFINCE0020251226elcq003qq


Nasry Asfura declared president-elect of Honduras as rivals dispute results

Diyar Guldogan and Jorge Antonio Rocha | 
372 words
25 December 2025
Anadolu Agency
ANATOL
English
© Copyright Andolu Ajansi 

MEXICO CITY

Conservative National Party candidate Nasry Asfura has won Honduras’ presidential election, the Central American nation’s electoral authority announced Wednesday.

The National Electoral Council (CNE) said Asfura, who was backed by US President Donald Trump, secured 40.3% of the vote. He is due to take office on Jan. 27 and will serve a four-year term.

Asfura edged out center-right Liberal Party candidate Salvador Nasralla, who received 39.5% of the vote.

Nasralla rejected the validity of the results and continues to insist the election was rigged.

Earlier this month, he sent a formal letter and made multiple public appeals to Trump requesting support for a comprehensive vote recount following the Nov. 30 election, alleging the results had been tampered with to favor Asfura.

Following the CNE’s announcement, Nasralla continues to share what he says is evidence that back up his claims that Asfura was elected through widespread fraud.

"Did the members of the European Union’s election observation mission not see this fraud? And neither did the members of the Organization of American States (OAS) election observation mission?" he wrote on X.

"That is why I am calling for a vote-by-vote recount of 10,000 ballot boxes, representing 2 million votes," he added.

Rixi Moncada, the candidate of the ruling Libre Party, who finished third, garnering 19.19% of the vote, has also challenged the election’s legitimacy, labeling Asfura’s victory an “electoral coup.” Like Nasralla, she accuses the CNE of undermining the special scrutiny process by refusing to review thousands of ballots that were allegedly manipulated.

Amid the political turmoil, Asfura has become the 12th president of Honduras since democracy was restored in the country in 1981.

The son of Palestinian Christian immigrants who arrived in Honduras in the 1940s and a construction mogul, Asfura campaigned on promises of job creation, improved security and increased foreign investment.

His victory has been overshadowed by allegations of foreign intervention following public expressions of support and promises of assistance from Trump days before last month’s polls..

Nasry Asfura declared president-elect of Honduras as rivals dispute results

Document ANATOL0020251225elcp00001


Canada
Red tape, expense highlight risks of investing in Canada, Mexico says

Postmedia News 
Postmedia News 
379 words
24 December 2025
The Toronto Sun Online
TORSONL
English
Copyright © 2025 The Toronto Sun 

Despite proclamations of a "new era of cooperation" between Canada and Mexico, the southern-most North American nation says financial and bureaucratic bottlenecks paint a dismal picture for potential investors.

A report issued by Mexico's embassy in Canada says Mexican firms seeking to expand to Canada were turned off by onerous bureaucracy.

"Mexican companies have approached the Embassy to inquire about establishing their business in Canada including in sectors as diverse as construction, finance services, food processing and real estate, et cetera," read the report submitted earlier this month to the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee.

"Nevertheless, many of them have expressed concern about excessive requirements, cost or red tape."

The story was first reported by ( https://www.blacklocks.ca/mexican-embassy-is-fed-up/ ).

Carney, Sheinbaum sign deal to deepen Canada-Mexico economic, security ties( https://torontosun.com/news/national/canada-mexico-to-sign-strategic-partnership-agreement )

LILLEY: Carney cozying up with Mexico will backfire, again( https://torontosun.com/news/national/lilley-carney-cozying-up-with-mexico-will-backfire-again )

Major projects announcement hampered by red tape, lack of pipelines: Critics( https://torontosun.com/news/national/major-projects-announcement-hampered-by-lack-of-pipelines-red-tape-critics )

Canada bureaucracy 'dysfunctional'

Ottawa, the report read, was so dysfunctional that Mexican diplomats had a hard time even securing basic data.

"It is difficult to present a full picture of foreign direct investment originating in Mexico as there is no official registry in Canada, while in Mexico the National Registry of Foreign Investment provides publicly available lists of all foreign companies doing business in the country and all Mexican companies with foreign investment," the report read.

"Also, many companies are registered with the provinces which have their own registries and requests to obtain this information have been denied based on privacy guidelines."

During a two-day visit to Mexico City in September, Prime Minister Mark Carney signed an agreement with Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum( https://torontosun.com/news/national/canada-mexico-to-sign-strategic-partnership-agreement ) that includes plans to build ports, rail corridors and energy projects - calling it a "new era of elevated co-operation with a comprehensive strategic partnership" during a press conference.

Document TORSONL020251224elco0025t




CE Noticias Financieras English
VIDEOS: Don't even try! There are kilometer-long lines at supermarkets on the eve of Christmas dinner.

439 words
24 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

In search of turkey, which has increased in cost, along with pork, Mexicans crowded the supermarkets. This is shown in videos prior to December 24, where Costco parking lots are full.

And although the prices of Christmas dinner ingredients increased by 7 percent, videos of the Costco parking lots in Angelópolis, Puebla and Villa Coapa, in Mexico City, are circulating on social networks.

"THIS IS HOW THE COSTCO VILLA COAPA, CDMX. Even without opening the store, and check out the kilometer-long line," shared a user of the social network X. The video was uploaded to the platform on December 23, at 8:40 in the morning.

In the run-up to the Christmas holidays, the prices of various foods increased. For example, the cost of fruits to make the traditional punch. Even piñatas had an increase.

But Mexicans' pockets 'saw the light at the end of the road', as inflation gave them a truce and reached 3.72 percent in the first two weeks of December.

The debate over the videos showing high demand of visitors to supermarkets revolves around the improvement of the Mexican economy, some argue.

"The economy is growing, the dollar is below 18 pesos, inflation is down, the minimum wage has gone up, Welfare Programs have increased, foreign direct investment is at a record high, the Transformation is working, it is producing results," wrote a cybernaut when sharing the video of the long line at Costco Coapa.

In this regard, people did not hesitate to respond that there are real economic indicators to delay the growth of this or not in a country.

"To say that a system works because of the lines in supermarkets 2 days before Christmas, better say you don't know about economics," they replied.

"If Costco is your reference to measure Mexico's economic situation, instead of GDP, GDP per capita, annual growth, investment, employment; how fucked you are, poor Mexico, with so many fanatics like you," replied another user.

But and to all this... How is inflation in Mexico?

In the first two weeks of December, consumer prices rose 3.72 percent, compared to the same period in 2024, reported the National Institute of Statistics and Geography (Inegi).

Analysts' projections indicated inflation of 3.88 percent, according to Bloomberg, so in the end it came in below.

In addition, core inflation, which does not include food and fuel prices, stood at 4.34 percent, below the 4.54 percent reported in the second half of November.

Document NFINCE0020251224elco008yr




Prudential  Investment  Portfolios 12 - Post-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement by  Investment  Company (Form 485BPOS)

Prudential Investment Portfolios 12 published this content on December 23, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 23, 2025 at 20:26 UTC. 
111,001 words
23 December 2025
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2025. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Post-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement by Investment Company (Form 485BPOS)

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2025

Securities Act Registration No. 333-42705

Investment Company Act Registration No. 811-08565

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM N-1A

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

PRE-EFFECTIVE AMENDMENT NO.

POST-EFFECTIVE AMENDMENT NO. 90 (X)

and/or

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940

AMENDMENT NO. 91 (X)

Check appropriate box or boxes

Prudential Investment Portfolios 12

Exact name of registrant as specified in charter

655 Broad Street

Newark, New Jersey 07102

Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code

1-800-225-1852

Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code

Andrew R. French

655 Broad Street

Newark, New Jersey 07102

Name and Address of Agent for Service

It is proposed that this filing will become effective:

___ immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b)

X on December 30, 2025 pursuant to paragraph (b)

__ 60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)

__ on (____) pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)

__ 75 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(2)

__ on (date) pursuant to paragraph (a)(2) of Rule 485

If appropriate, check the following box:

__ this post-effective amendment designates a new effective date for a previously filed post-effective amendment.

Explanatory Note

This Post-Effective Amendment No. 90 to the Registrant's Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and Amendment No. 91 to the Registrant's Registration Statement under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "Amendment") only relates to the PGIM Global Real Estate Fund series of the Registrant.

The Amendment is not intended to amend the current prospectuses and statements of additional information for the other series of the Registrant.



PGIM Global Real Estate Fund



PROSPECTUS - December 30, 2025

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE

Capital appreciation and income

PGIM GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FUND
A: PURAX C: PURCX R: PURRX Z: PURZX R2: PUREX R4: PURGX R6: PGRQX




The Securities and Exchange Commission

("SEC") has not approved or disapproved the

Fund's shares, nor has the SEC determined

that this prospectus is complete or accurate.

It is a criminal offense to state otherwise.

Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential

Investment Management Services LLC

("PIMS"), member SIPC. PGIM Real Estate,

is a unit of PGIM, Inc. ("PGIM"), a registered

investment adviser. PIMS and PGIM are

Prudential Financial companies. © 2025

Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related

entities. PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential

logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks

of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related

entities, registered in many jurisdictions

worldwide.



To enroll in e-delivery, go to pgim.com/investments/resource/edelivery

Table of Contents

3  FUND SUMMARY
3  INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES
3  FUND FEES AND EXPENSES
4  INVESTMENTS, RISKS AND PERFORMANCE
9  MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND
9  BUYING AND SELLING FUND SHARES
10 TAX INFORMATION
10 PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL INTERMEDIaries
11 MORE ABOUT THE FUND'S PRINCIPAL AND NON-PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, INVESTMENTS AND RISKS
11 INVESTMENT STRATEGIES AND INVESTMENTS
15 RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND
22 HOW THE FUND IS MANAGED
22 BOARD OF TRUSTEES
22 MANAGER
23 SUBADVISERS
23 PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
24 DISTRIBUTOR
24 DISCLOSURE OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS
25 FUND DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAX ISSUES
25 DISTRIBUTIONS
25 TAX ISSUES
27 IF YOU SELL OR EXCHANGE YOUR SHARES
28 HOW TO BUY, SELL AND EXCHANGE FUND SHARES
28 HOW TO BUY SHARES
40 HOW TO SELL YOUR SHARES
43 HOW TO EXCHANGE YOUR SHARES
46 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
53 GLOSSARY
54 APPENDIX A: WAIVERS AND DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE FROM CERTAIN FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES


FUND SUMMARY

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES

The investment objectives of the Fund are capital appreciation and income .

FUND FEES AND EXPENSES

The tables below describe the sales charges, fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy, hold, and sell shares of the Fund. You may pay other fees, such as brokerage commissions and other fees to financial intermediaries, which are not reflected in the tables and examples below. You may be required to pay commissions to a broker for transactions in Class Z shares, which are not reflected in the table or the example below. You may qualify for sales charge discounts if you and an eligible group of related investors purchase, or agree to purchase in the future, $25,000 or more in shares of the Fund or other funds in the PGIM Funds family. More information about these discounts as well as other waivers or discounts is available from your financial professional and is explained in Reducing or Waiving Class A's and Class C's Sales Charges on page 31 of the Fund's Prospectus, Appendix A: Waivers and Discounts Available From Certain Financial Intermediaries on page 54 of the Fund's Prospectus and in Rights of Accumulation on page 55 of the Fund's Statement of Additional Information ("SAI").

Shareholder Fees (fees paid directly from your investment)

                                                                                                    Class A               Class C Class R Class Z       Class R2 Class R4 Class R6
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on purchases (as a percentage of offeringprice)                 5.50%                 None    None    None          None     None     None
Maximum deferred sales charge (load) (as a percentage of the lower of the originalpurchase price or the net asset value at redemption)1.00% * 1.00% ** None None    None    None          None
Maximum sales charge (load) imposed on reinvested dividends and other distributions                 None                  None    None    None          None     None     None
Redemption fee                                                                                      None                  None    None    None          None     None     None
Exchange fee                                                                                        None                  None    None    None          None     None     None
Maximum account fee (accounts under $10,000)                                                        $15                   $15     None    None *** None None     None


* Investors who purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares and sell those shares within 12 months of purchase are also subject to a contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC") of 1.00%, although they are not subject to an initial sales charge. The CDSC is waived for certain retirement and/or benefit plans.

** Class C shares are sold with a CDSC of 1.00% on sales made within 12 months of purchase.

*** Direct Transfer Agent Accounts holding under $10,000 of Class Z shares are subject to the $15 fee.

Annual Fund Operating Expenses (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment)

                                                                                        Class A Class C Class R Class Z Class R2  Class R4  Class R6
Management fee                                                                          0.75%   0.75%   0.75%   0.75%   0.75%     0.75%     0.75%
Distribution or distribution and service (12b-1) fees                                   0.30%   1.00%   0.75%   None    0.25%     None      None
Other expenses:                                                                         0.32%   0.56%   0.33%   0.21%   0.50%     0.74%     0.06%
Shareholder service fee                                                                 None    None    None    None    0.10% (1) 0.10% (1) None
Remainder of other expenses                                                             0.32%   0.56%   0.33%   0.21%   0.40%     0.64%     0.06%
Total annual Fund operating expenses                                                    1.37%   2.31%   1.83%   0.96%   1.50%     1.49%     0.81%
Fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement                                                 None    None    (0.25)% None    (0.20)%   (0.44)%   None
Total annual Fund operating expenses after fee waiver and/or expensereimbursement (2,3) 1.37%   2.31%   1.58%   0.96%   1.30%     1.05%     0.81%


(1) "Shareholder service fee" reflects maximum allowable fees under a shareholder services plan.

( 2) PGIM Investments LLC ("PGIM Investments") has contractually agreed, through February 28, 2027, to limit transfer agency, shareholder servicing, sub-transfer agency, and blue sky fees, as applicable, to the extent that such fees cause the Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses to exceed 1.30% of average daily net assets for Class R2 shares or 1.05% of average daily net assets for Class R4 shares. This contractual expense limitation excludes interest, brokerage, taxes (such as income and foreign withholding taxes, stamp duty and deferred tax expenses), acquired fund fees and expenses, extraordinary expenses, and certain other Fund expenses such as dividend and interest expense and broker charges on short sales. Where applicable, PGIM Investments agrees to waive management fees or shared operating expenses on any share class to the same extent that it waives such expenses on any other share class. In addition, Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses for Class R6 shares will not exceed Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses for Class Z shares. Fees and/or expenses waived and/or reimbursed by PGIM Investments for the purpose of preventing the expenses from exceeding a certain expense ratio limit may be recouped by PGIM Investments within the same fiscal year during which such waiver and/or reimbursement is made if such recoupment can be realized without exceeding the expense limit in effect at the time of the waiver/reimbursement and/or recoupment for that fiscal year, as applicable. This expense limitation may not be terminated prior to February 28, 2027 without the prior approval of the Fund's Board of Trustees.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

( 3) The distributor of the Fund has contractually agreed through February 28, 2027 to reduce its distribution and service (12b-1) fees for Class R shares to 0.50% of the average daily net assets of Class R shares. This waiver may not be terminated prior to February 28, 2027 without the prior approval of the Fund's Board of Trustees.

Example.? The following hypothetical example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other mutual funds. It assumes that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then, except as indicated, redeem all your shares at the end of those periods. It assumes a 5% return on your investment each year, that the Fund's operating expenses remain the same (except that fee waivers or reimbursements, if any, are only reflected in the 1-Year figures) and that all dividends and distributions are reinvested. Your actual costs may be higher or lower.

If Shares Are Redeemed

Share Class 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years 10 Years
Class A     $682   $960    $1,259  $2,106
Class C     $334   $721    $1,235  $2,410
Class R     $161   $551    $967    $2,127
Class Z     $98    $306    $531    $1,178
Class R2    $132   $454    $800    $1,773
Class R4    $107   $428    $771    $1,742
Class R6    $83    $259    $450    $1,002


If Shares Are Not Redeemed

Share Class 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years 10 Years
Class A     $682   $960    $1,259  $2,106
Class C     $234   $721    $1,235  $2,410
Class R     $161   $551    $967    $2,127
Class Z     $98    $306    $531    $1,178
Class R2    $132   $454    $800    $1,773
Class R4    $107   $428    $771    $1,742
Class R6    $83    $259    $450    $1,002


Portfolio Turnover.? The Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or "turns over" its portfolio). A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in annual fund operating expenses or in the example, affect the Fund's performance. During the Fund's most recent fiscal year, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate was 94 % of the average value of its portfolio.

INVESTMENTS, RISKS AND PERFORMANCE

Principal Investment Strategies.? The Fund seeks investments whose price will increase over time and which will pay the Fund dividends and other income. The Fund normally invests at least 80% of its investable assets (net assets plus any borrowings made for investment purposes) in equity-related securities of real estate companies, principally real estate investment trusts ("REITs"), and other real estate securities. The Fund's investable assets will be less than its total assets to the extent that it has borrowed money for non-investment purposes, such as to meet anticipated redemptions. Equity-related securities may also include common stock, convertible securities, nonconvertible preferred stock, American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs"), warrants and other rights that can be exercised to obtain stock, investments in various types of business ventures and similar securities.

The Fund invests globally in real estate investments. There is no limit on the amount of Fund assets that may be invested in the securities of foreign real estate companies. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests in at least three different countries and at least 40% of its investable assets in foreign securities, including emerging markets. The Fund's investments in foreign securities may be lower if market conditions are not favorable, but such investments will not be lower than 30% of the Fund's investable assets. In determining whether market conditions are not favorable, the Fund may take into account various factors, including among other things, the foreign securities exposure in the Fund's primary or secondary benchmark index. It is possible that market conditions that are not favorable (and foreign securities exposure as low as 30%) may occur periodically and continue for extended periods of time. The Fund utilizes the domicile of listing to determine whether a security is foreign. Emerging markets are considered to be those countries that the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation, or the United Nations or its authorities has determined to have a low or middle income economy.

The Fund concentrates its investments in real estate securities, including REITs, which means that the Fund invests at least 25% of its total assets in real estate securities.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

The subadviser's approach to real estate investing is value-oriented based upon real estate fundamentals and assessments of management teams. The subadviser emphasizes both quantitative and qualitative investment analysis, and focuses on valuation relative to a company's underlying real estate assets as well as a company's on-going concern valuation. Through detailed company research that includes regular management visits, property tours and financial analysis, the subadviser analyzes the quality of real estate asset cash flows and sustainability and growth of company dividends. The subadviser also evaluates the company's strategy, management's track record, incentives and ability to create long term shareholder value. Only about 10% of institutional quality commercial real estate is publicly traded, and the subadviser believes that public real estate securities managers need a firm understanding of the other 90%-the private real estate markets-to successfully add value.

Decisions to sell portfolio securities are based on relative analysis which entails examination of a variety of factors, including the subadviser's assessment of relative risk adjusted return for the securities.

Principal Risks.? All investments have risks to some degree. The value of your investment in the Fund, as well as the amount of return, if any, you receive on your investment, may fluctuate significantly from day-to-day and over time.

You may lose part or all of your investment in the Fund or your investment may not perform as well as other similar investments.

An investment in the Fund is not guaranteed to achieve its investment objective; is not a deposit with a bank; and is not insured, endorsed or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The following is a summary description of principal risks of investing in the Fund.

The order of the below risk factors does not indicate the significance of any particular risk factor.

Country Risk. Changes in the business environment may adversely affect operating profits or the value of assets in a specific country. For example, financial factors such as currency controls, devaluation or regulatory changes or stability factors such as mass riots, civil war and other potential events may contribute to companies' operational risks.

Distribution Risk. The Fund's distributions may consist of net investment income, if any, and net realized gains, if any, from the sale of investments and/or return of capital. The Fund will provide to shareholders early in each calendar year the final tax character of the Fund's distributions for the previous year. Also, at such time that the Fund distribution is expected to be from sources other than current or accumulated net income, a notice to shareholders may be required.

Economic and Market Events Risk. Events in the U.S. and global financial markets, including actions taken by the U.S. Federal Reserve or foreign central banks to stimulate or stabilize economic growth or the functioning of the securities markets, or otherwise reduce inflation, may at times result in unusually high market volatility, which could negatively impact performance. Governmental efforts to curb inflation often have negative effects on the level of economic activity. Relatively reduced liquidity in credit and fixed income markets could adversely affect issuers worldwide.

Emerging Markets Risk. The risks of foreign investments are greater for investments in or exposed to emerging markets. Emerging market countries typically have economic and political systems that are less fully developed, and can be expected to be less stable, than those of more developed countries. For example, the economies of such countries can be subject to rapid and unpredictable rates of inflation or deflation. Low trading volumes may result in a lack of liquidity and price volatility. Emerging market countries may have policies that restrict investment by non-U.S. investors, or that prevent non-U.S. investors from withdrawing their money at will.

The Fund may invest in some emerging markets that subject it to risks such as those associated with illiquidity, custody of assets, different settlement and clearance procedures and asserting legal title under a developing legal and regulatory regime to a greater degree than in developed markets or even in other emerging markets.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Equity and Equity-Related Securities Risk. Equity and equity-related securities may be subject to changes in value, and their values may be more volatile than those of other asset classes. In addition to an individual security losing value, the value of the equity markets or a sector in which the Fund invests could go down. Different parts of a market can react differently to adverse issuer, market, regulatory, political and economic developments.

Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in securities of non-U.S. issuers (including those denominated in U.S. dollars) may involve more risk than investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Foreign political, economic and legal systems, especially those in developing and emerging market countries, may be less stable and more volatile than in the United States. Foreign legal systems generally have fewer regulatory requirements than the U.S. legal system, particularly those of emerging markets. In general, less information is publicly available with respect to non-U.S. companies than U.S. companies. Non-U.S. companies generally are not subject to the same accounting, auditing, and financial reporting standards as are U.S. companies. Additionally, the changing value of foreign currencies and changes in exchange rates could also affect the value of the assets the Fund holds and the Fund's performance. Certain foreign countries may impose restrictions on the ability of issuers of foreign securities to make payment of principal and interest or dividends to investors located outside the country, due to blockage of foreign currency exchanges or otherwise. Investments in emerging markets are subject to greater volatility and price declines.

In addition, the Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities may be subject to the risks of nationalization or expropriation of assets, imposition of currency exchange controls or restrictions on the repatriation of non-U.S. currency, confiscatory taxation and adverse diplomatic developments. Special U.S. tax considerations may apply.

Increase in Expenses Risk. Your actual cost of investing in the Fund may be higher than the expenses shown in the expense table for a variety of reasons. For example, expense ratios may be higher than those shown if average net assets decrease. Net assets are more likely to decrease and Fund expense ratios are more likely to increase when markets are volatile. Active and frequent trading of Fund securities can increase expenses.

Large Shareholder and Large Scale Redemption Risk. Certain individuals, accounts, funds (including funds affiliated with the Manager) or institutions, including the Manager and its affiliates, may from time to time own or control a substantial amount of the Fund's shares. There is no requirement that these entities maintain their investment in the Fund. There is a risk that such large shareholders or that the Fund's shareholders generally may redeem all or a substantial portion of their investments in the Fund in a short period of time, which could have a significant negative impact on the Fund's NAV, liquidity, and brokerage costs. Large redemptions could also result in tax consequences to shareholders and impact the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy. The Fund's ability to pursue its investment objective after one or more large scale redemptions may be impaired and, as a result, the Fund may invest a larger portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents.

Market Disruption and Geopolitical Risks. Market disruption can be caused by economic, financial or political events and factors, including but not limited to, international wars or conflicts (including Russia's military invasion of Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war), geopolitical developments (including trading and tariff arrangements, sanctions and cybersecurity attacks), instability in regions such as Asia, Eastern Europe and the Middle East, terrorism, natural disasters and public health epidemics (including the outbreak of COVID-19 globally).

Recent policy decisions of the U.S. government and governments of foreign countries may increase geopolitical risks that could adversely affect the investment performance of the Fund. These policies have the potential to impact international relations, trade agreements and the overall regulatory environment in ways that could create uncertainty and instability in domestic and global markets. Actions taken by the U.S. government and governments of foreign countries in respect of international trade relations could lead to trade wars, increased costs for imported goods, disruptions in supply chains, reduced foreign investment, and instability in regions where the Fund invests.

The extent and duration of such events and resulting market disruptions cannot be predicted, but could be substantial and could magnify the impact of other risks to the Fund. These and other similar events could adversely affect the U.S. and foreign financial markets and lead to increased market volatility, reduced liquidity in the securities markets, significant negative impacts on issuers and the markets for certain securities and commodities and/or government

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

intervention. They may also cause short- or long-term economic uncertainties in the United States and worldwide. As a result, whether or not the Fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the Fund's investments may be negatively impacted. Further, due to closures of certain markets and restrictions on trading certain securities, the value of certain securities held by the Fund could be significantly impacted, which could lead to such securities being valued at zero.

Market Risk. Securities markets may be volatile and the market prices of the Fund's securities may decline. Securities fluctuate in price based on changes in an issuer's financial condition and overall market and economic conditions. If the market prices of the securities owned by the Fund fall, the value of your investment in the Fund will decline.

Portfolio Turnover Risk. The Fund may engage in active and frequent trading leading to an increased portfolio turnover rate. Under certain market conditions, the Fund's turnover rate may be higher than that of other funds. Portfolio turnover generally involves some expense to the Fund, including brokerage commissions or dealer mark-ups and other transaction costs on the sale of securities and reinvestment in other securities. These transactions may result in realization of taxable capital gains. The trading costs and tax effects associated with portfolio turnover may adversely affect the Fund's investment performance.

Real Estate Investment Trust ("REIT") Risk. Investing in REITs involves certain unique risks in addition to those risks associated with investing in the real estate industry in general. REITs may be affected by changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the REITs, while mortgage REITs may be affected by the quality of any credit extended. REITs are dependent upon management skills, may not be diversified geographically or by property/mortgage asset type, and are subject to heavy cash flow dependency, default by borrowers and self-liquidation. REITs may be more volatile and/or more illiquid than other types of equity securities. REITs (especially mortgage REITs) are subject to interest rate risks. REITs may incur significant amounts of leverage. The Fund will indirectly bear a portion of the expenses, including management fees, paid by each REIT in which it invests, in addition to the expenses of the Fund.

REITs must also meet certain requirements under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") to avoid entity level tax and be eligible to pass-through certain tax attributes of their income to shareholders. REITs are consequently subject to the risk of failing to meet these requirements for favorable tax treatment and of failing to maintain their exemptions from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940. REITs are subject to the risks of changes in the Code affecting their tax status.

Real Estate Related Securities Risk. Because the Fund invests in real estate securities, including REITs, the Fund is subject to the risks of investing in the real estate industry, such as changes in general and local economic conditions, the supply and demand for real estate and changes in zoning and tax laws. Since the Fund concentrates in the real estate industry, its holdings can vary significantly from broad market indices. As a result, the Fund's performance can deviate from the performance of such indices. Because the Fund invests in stocks, there is the risk that the price of a particular stock owned by the Fund could go down or pay lower-than-expected or no dividends. In addition to an individual stock losing value, the value of the equity markets or of companies comprising the real estate industry could go down.

An investment in the Fund will be closely linked to the performance of the real estate markets. Real estate securities are subject to the same risks as direct investments in real estate and mortgages, and their value will depend on the value of the underlying properties or the underlying loans or interests. The underlying loans may be subject to the risks of default or of prepayments that occur earlier or later than expected, and such loans may also include so-called "subprime" mortgages. The value of these securities will rise and fall in response to many factors, including economic conditions, the demand for rental property and interest rates. In particular, the value of these securities may decline when interest rates rise and will also be affected by the real estate market and by the management of the underlying properties.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Selection Risk. Selection risk is the risk that the securities selected by the subadviser will underperform the market, the relevant indices, or other funds with similar investment objectives and investment strategies. Individual REIT prices may drop because of the failure of borrowers to pay their loans, a dividend reduction, a disruption to the real estate investment sales market, changes in federal or state taxation policies affecting REITs, or poor management of a REIT.

Value Style Risk. Since the Fund follows a value investment style, there is the risk that the value style may be out of favor for long periods of time, that the market will not recognize a security's intrinsic value for a long time or at all, or that a stock judged to be undervalued may actually be appropriately priced or overvalued. Issuers of value stocks may have experienced adverse business developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stock to be out of favor. In addition, the Fund's value investment style may go out of favor with investors, negatively affecting the Fund's performance. If the Fund's assessment of market conditions or a company's value is inaccurate, the Fund could suffer losses or produce poor performance relative to other funds.

Performance. The following bar chart shows the Fund's performance for Class Z shares for each full calendar year of operations or for the last 10 calendar years, whichever is shorter. The following table shows the Fund's average annual returns and also compares the Fund's performance with the average annual total returns of an index or other benchmark. The bar chart and table demonstrate the risk of investing in the Fund by showing how returns can change from year to year.

Past performance (before and after taxes) does not mean that the Fund will achieve similar results in the future. Without the management fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement, if any, the annual total returns would have been lower. Updated Fund performance information, including current net asset value, is available online at www.pgim.com/investments .





Best Quarter: Worst Quarter:
16.28%        3rdQuarter2024 -23.69% 1stQuarter2020




1 The total return of the Fund's Class Z shares from January 1, 2025 through

September 30, 2025

was

10.28%

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Average Annual Total Returns % (including sales charges) (as of 12-31-24)

Return Before Taxes                                         One Year Five Years Ten Years SinceInception InceptionDate
Class A Shares                                              -2.48%   -0.88%     2.29%     -               
Class C Shares                                              1.43%    -0.45%     2.21%     -               
Class R Shares                                              2.96%    0.03%      2.68%     -               
Class R2 Shares                                             3.25%    0.30%      N/A       2.69%          12-27-2017
Class R4 Shares                                             3.55%    0.55%      N/A       2.95%          12-27-2017
Class R6 Shares                                             3.79%    0.80%      3.44%     -               
Class Z Shares % (as of 12-31-24)
Return Before Taxes                                         3.64%    0.66%      3.29%     -               
Return After Taxes on Distributions                         2.55%    -0.92%     1.49%     -               
Return After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares 2.18%    0.04%      1.99%     -               
Index % (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses or taxes) (as of 12-31-24)
S&P 500 Index                                               25.02%   14.53%     13.10%    13.83% *        
FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Index (ND)                       0.94%    -1.00%     2.23%     1.29% *         


° After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their Fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements, such as traditional 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts. After-tax returns are shown only for Class Z shares. After-tax returns for other classes will vary due to differing sales charges and expenses.

* Since Inception returns for the Indexes are measured from the month-end closest to the inception date for Class R2 and R4 shares.

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND

The following individuals are jointly and primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund.

Investment Manager   Subadvisers                           Portfolio Managers                               Title                                                                Service Date
PGIM Investments LLC PGIM Real Estate* Rick J. Romano, CFA Managing Director &Head of Real EstateSecurities January 2007
                                                           Daniel Cooney, CFA                               Managing Director &Portfolio Manager:Real Estate Securities          June 2018
                                                           Alvin Chan, CFA                                  Executive Director &Portfolio Manager:Asian Real EstateSecurities    May 2020
                     PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited         Michael Gallagher                                Executive Director &Portfolio Manager:European Real EstateSecurities June 2013


*PGIM Real Estate is a business unit of PGIM, Inc.

BUYING AND SELLING FUND SHARES

                              Class A* Class C* Class R* Class Z* Class R2 Class R4 Class R6
Minimum initial investment    $1,000                                       $1,000   None None None None None
Minimum subsequent investment $100                                         $100     None None None None None


* Certain share classes are generally closed to investments by new group retirement plans. Please see "How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Fund Shares-Closure of Certain Share Classes to New Group Retirement Plans" in the Prospectus for more information.

For Class A and Class C shares, the minimum initial and subsequent investment for Automatic Investment Plan purchases is $50. Class R, Class R2, Class R4 and Class R6 shares are generally not available for purchase by individuals. Class Z shares may be purchased by certain individuals, subject to certain requirements. Please see "How

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

to Buy, Sell and Exchange Fund Shares-How to Buy Shares-Qualifying for Class R Shares," "-Qualifying for Class Z Shares," "-Qualifying for Class R2 and Class R4 Shares," and "-Qualifying for Class R6 Shares" in the Prospectus for purchase eligibility requirements.

Your financial intermediary may impose different investment minimums. You can purchase or redeem shares on any business day that the Fund is open through the Fund's transfer agent or through servicing agents, including brokers, dealers and other financial intermediaries appointed by the distributor to receive purchase and redemption orders. Current shareholders may also purchase or redeem shares through the Fund's website or by calling (800) 225-1852.

TAX INFORMATION

Dividends, Capital Gains and Taxes. The Fund's dividends and distributions are taxable and will be taxed as ordinary income or capital gains, unless you are investing through a tax-deferred arrangement, such as a traditional 401(k) plan or a traditional individual retirement account. Such tax-deferred arrangements may be taxed later upon withdrawal of monies from those arrangements.

PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL INTERMEDIaries

If you purchase Fund shares through a financial intermediary such as a broker-dealer, bank, retirement recordkeeper or other financial services firm, the Fund or its affiliates may pay the financial intermediary for the sale of Fund shares and/or for services to shareholders. This may create a conflict of interest by influencing the financial intermediary or its representatives to recommend the Fund over another investment. Ask your financial intermediary or representative or visit your financial intermediary's website for more information.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

MORE ABOUT THE FUND'S PRINCIPAL AND NON-PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, INVESTMENTS AND RISKS

INVESTMENT STRATEGIES AND INVESTMENTS

The Fund's investment objectives are capital appreciation and income. This means the Fund seeks investments whose price will increase over time and which will pay the Fund dividends and other income.

The Fund normally invests at least 80% of its investable assets (net assets plus any borrowings made for investment purposes) in equity-related securities of real estate companies, principally REITs and other real estate securities. The Fund's investable assets will be less than its total assets to the extent that it has borrowed money for non-investment purposes, such as to meet anticipated redemptions. Equity-related securities may also include common stock, convertible securities, nonconvertible preferred stock, ADRs, warrants and other rights that can be exercised to obtain stock, investments in various types of business ventures and similar securities. The Fund considers a real estate company to be a company that: (i) derives at least 50% of its revenues from the ownership, construction, financing, management or sale of commercial, industrial or residential real estate, or (ii) has at least 50% of its assets in these types of real estate.

The Fund invests in the equity-related securities of real estate companies on a global basis, which means that the companies may be U.S. companies or foreign companies, and there is no limit on the amount of Fund assets that may be invested in the securities of foreign real estate companies. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests in at least three different countries and at least 40% of its investable assets in foreign securities, including emerging markets, but is permitted to invest up to 100% of its total assets in securities of foreign issuers. The Fund's investments in foreign securities may be lower if market conditions are not favorable, but such investments will not be lower than 30% of the Fund's investable assets. In determining whether market conditions are not favorable, the Fund may take into account various factors, including among other things, the foreign securities exposure in the Fund's primary or secondary benchmark index. It is possible that market conditions that are not favorable (and foreign securities exposure as low as 30%) may occur periodically and continue for extended periods of time. The Fund utilizes the domicile of listing to determine whether a security is foreign. Emerging markets are considered to be those countries that the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation, or the United Nations or its authorities has determined to have a low or middle income economy.

The Fund concentrates its investments in real estate securities, including REITs, which means that the Fund invests at least 25% of its total assets in real estate securities.

The Fund may invest in debt securities and convertible securities rated in one of the top four long-term quality ratings by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization at the time of purchase.

The subadviser's approach to real estate investing is value-oriented based upon real estate fundamentals and assessments of management teams. The subadviser emphasizes both quantitative and qualitative investment analysis, and focuses on valuation relative to a company's underlying real estate assets as well as a company's on-going concern valuation. Through detailed company research that includes regular management visits, property tours and financial analysis, the subadviser analyzes the quality of real estate asset cash flows and sustainability and growth of company dividends. The subadviser also evaluates the company's strategy, management's track record, incentives and ability to create long term shareholder value. Only about 10% of institutional quality commercial real estate is publicly traded, and the subadviser believes that public real estate securities managers need a firm understanding of the other 90%-the private real estate markets-to successfully add value.

Decisions to sell portfolio securities are based on relative analysis which entails examination of a variety of factors, including the subadviser's assessment of relative risk adjusted return for the securities.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

The Fund's investment objectives are not fundamental policies, and therefore may be changed by the Board without shareholder approval. The Fund will provide 60 days' prior written notice to shareholders of a change in its non-fundamental policy of investing at least 80% of its investable assets in the equity-related securities of real estate companies.

Real Estate Investment Trusts

The Fund may invest without limit in the securities of real estate investment trusts known as REITs. REITs are like corporations, except that they do not pay income taxes if they meet certain tax requirements. However, while REITs themselves do not pay income taxes, the distributions they make to investors are taxable. REITs invest primarily in real estate (offices, hotels, shopping centers, apartments, malls, factories, etc.) or real estate mortgages and distribute almost all of their income-most of which comes from rents, mortgages and gains on sales of property-to shareholders. Investing in REITs may result in the layering of management fees paid by the Fund.

Non-Real Estate Investments

Under normal circumstances, the Fund may invest up to 20% of its investable assets in securities and other instruments of issuers not in the real estate industry. These include equity- and debt-related securities, U.S. Government securities, money market instruments and the other instruments described below.

Fixed Income Obligations

Fixed income obligations include bonds and notes. Notes are typically issued with two-, three-, five- or ten-year terms to maturity, whereas bonds may be longer-term investments issued with terms to maturity of 10 years or more. The Fund may invest in investment-grade corporate or government obligations. Investment-grade obligations are rated in one of the top four long-term quality ratings by a major rating service (such as Baa or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or BBB or better by S&P Global Ratings).

Preferred Securities

Preferred securities, like common stock or other equity securities, represent an equity ownership in an issuer. Generally, preferred securities have a priority of claim over common stock or other equity securities in dividend payments and upon liquidation of the issuer. Unlike common stock or other equity securities, preferred securities do not usually have voting rights. Although they are equity securities, preferred securities have characteristics of both debt and common stock or other equity securities. Like debt, their promised income is contractually fixed. Like common stock or other equity securities, they do not have rights to participate in bankruptcy proceedings or collection activities in the event of missed payments.

Money Market Instruments

The Fund may hold cash and/or invest in money market instruments, including commercial paper of a U.S. or non-U.S. company, non-U.S. government securities, certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances, time deposits of domestic and non-U.S. banks, and obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or its agencies or instrumentalities. These obligations may be U.S. dollar-denominated or denominated in a non-U.S. currency. Money market instruments typically have a maturity of one year or less as measured from the date of purchase.

Exchange-Traded Funds

The Fund may invest in securities of ETFs. Securities of ETFs represent shares of ownership in either open-end management investment companies or unit investment trusts ("UITs"). Index-based or passive ETFs hold a portfolio of common stocks or bonds designed to generally correspond to the price and yield performance of a specific securities index. ETFs may also be actively managed. ETFs give investors the opportunity to buy or sell an entire portfolio of stocks in a single security transaction in a manner similar to buying or selling a share of stock.

Initial Public Offerings

The Fund may participate in the initial public offering ("IPO") market.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Repurchase Agreements

The Fund may enter into repurchase agreements, where a party agrees to sell a security to the Fund and then repurchases it at an agreed-upon price at a stated time. This creates a fixed return for the Fund, and is, in effect, a loan by the Fund. Repurchase agreements are used for cash management purposes only.

Derivative Strategies

Derivatives are financial instruments whose value depends upon, or is derived from, the value of something else, such as one or more underlying instruments, indices or currencies. The Fund may use various derivative strategies to try to improve the Fund's returns. The subadviser may also use hedging techniques to try to protect the Fund's assets. A derivative contract will obligate or entitle the Fund to deliver or receive an asset or cash payment based on the change in value of one or more investments, indices or currencies. Derivatives may be traded or listed on organized exchanges, or in individually negotiated transactions with other parties (these are known as "over-the-counter" derivatives). The Fund may be limited in its use of derivatives by rules adopted by the SEC governing derivatives transactions. Although the Fund has the flexibility to make use of derivatives, it may choose not to for a variety of reasons, even under very volatile market conditions.

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts. The Fund may enter into foreign currency forward contracts to protect the value of its assets against future changes in the level of foreign exchange rates or to enhance returns. A foreign currency forward contract is an obligation to buy or sell a given currency on a future date and at a set price or to make or receive a cash payment based on the value of a given currency at a future date. Delivery of the underlying currency is expected, the terms are individually negotiated, the counterparty is not a clearing corporation or an exchange, and payment on the contract is made upon delivery, rather than daily.

Futures Contracts and Related Options . The Fund may purchase and sell financial futures contracts and related options on financial futures. A futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a set quantity of an underlying asset at a future date, or to make or receive a cash payment based on the value of a securities index, or some other asset, at a stipulated future date. The terms of futures contracts are standardized. In the case of a financial futures contract based upon a broad index, there is no delivery of the securities comprising the underlying index, margin is uniform, a clearing corporation or an exchange is the counterparty and the Fund makes daily margin payments based on price movements in the index. An option gives the purchaser the right to buy or sell securities or currencies, or in the case of an option on a futures contract, the right to buy or sell a futures contract in exchange for a premium.

Swap Transactions. The Fund may enter into swap transactions. Swap agreements are two-party contracts entered into primarily by institutional investors for periods typically ranging from a few weeks to more than one year. In a standard "swap" transaction, two parties agree to exchange the returns (or differentials in rates of return) earned or realized on particular predetermined investments or instruments, which may be adjusted for an interest factor. There are various types of swaps, including but not limited to credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, total return swaps and index swaps.

Swap Options. The Fund may enter into swap options. A swap option is a contract that gives a counterparty the right (but not the obligation) to enter into a new swap agreement or to shorten, extend, cancel or otherwise modify an existing swap agreement, at some designated future time on specified terms.

Options on Securities and Financial Indices. The Fund may purchase and sell put and call options on securities, and financial indices traded on U.S. or non-U.S. securities exchanges, on NASDAQ or in the over-the-counter market. An option gives the purchaser the right to buy or sell securities in exchange for a premium.

U.S. Government and Agency Securities

The Fund may invest in securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or by an agency or instrumentality of the U.S. Government. Some U.S. Government securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, which means that payment of principal and interest is guaranteed but market value is not.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Securities Lending

Consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, the Fund may lend portfolio securities with a value up to 33 ?1 ? 3 % of its total assets to brokers, dealers and other financial organizations to earn additional income. Loans of portfolio securities will be collateralized by cash.

Investments in Affiliated and Unaffiliated Funds

The Fund may invest its assets in affiliated or unaffiliated funds, including exchange-traded funds. Such an investment could also allow the Fund to obtain the benefits of a more diversified portfolio available in the funds than might otherwise be available through direct investments in those asset classes, and will subject the Fund to the risks associated with the particular asset class. The investment results of the portions of the Fund's assets invested in the other funds will be based on the investment results of the other funds. As a shareholder in other funds, the Fund will pay its proportional share of the expenses of the other funds. The Fund can invest its free cash balances in short-term bond funds and/or money market funds to obtain income on short-term cash balances while awaiting attractive investment opportunities, to provide liquidity in preparation for anticipated redemptions or for defensive purposes.

To the extent the Fund invests in certain affiliated short-term bond funds and certain affiliated money market funds, such affiliated funds do not pay a management fee to the investment manager, although the investment manager receives reimbursement for its expenses. Thus, shareholders of the Fund are not paying management fees for both the Fund and such affiliated funds.

To the extent the Fund serves as an underlying investment for other registered funds, the Fund may be prohibited from investing in certain registered funds and private funds.

Temporary Defensive Investments

In response to adverse market, economic or political conditions, the Fund may take a temporary defensive position and invest up to 100% of its investable assets in money market instruments, including short-term obligations of, or securities guaranteed by, the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities, or in high-quality obligations of U.S. or non-U.S. banks and corporations, and may hold up to 100% of its investable assets in cash or cash equivalents. Although the subadviser has the ability to take defensive positions, it may choose not to do so for a variety of reasons, even during volatile market conditions. Investing heavily in these securities is inconsistent with and limits the Fund's ability to achieve its investment objective, but may help to preserve the Fund's assets.

Other Investments

In addition to the strategies and securities discussed above, the Fund may use other strategies or invest in other types of securities as described in the Statement of Additional Information ("SAI"). The Fund might not use all of the strategies or invest in all of the types of securities as described in the Prospectus or in the SAI.

The table below summarizes the investment limits applicable to the Fund's principal investment strategies and certain non-principal investment strategies.

Principal Strategies: Investment Limits

? Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs): Up to 100% of total assets

? Equity-Related Securities of Real Estate Companies: Up to 100% of total assets; at least 80% of investable assets

? Foreign Securities: At least 40% of investable assets (at least 30% if market conditions are not favorable)

? Securities of Foreign Real Estate Companies: Up to 100% of total assets

Certain Non-Principal Strategies: Investment Limits

? Fixed Income Obligations: Up to 20% of investable assets

? Derivatives: Up to 25% of total assets (subject to the Fund's operation under the requirements of Rule 18f-4 under the

Investment Company Act of 1940)

? Illiquid Investments: Up to 15% of net assets

? Money Market Instruments: Up to 100% of investable assets on a temporary basis

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND

The order of the below risk factors does not indicate the significance of any particular risk factor.

Cash Management and Defensive Investing Risk. The value of the investments held by the Fund for cash management or defensive investing purposes can fluctuate. Like other fixed income securities, they are subject to risk, including market, interest rate and credit risk. If the Fund holds cash uninvested, it will be subject to the credit risk of the depository institution holding the cash. If the Fund holds cash uninvested, the Fund will not earn income on the cash. If a significant amount of the Fund's assets are used for cash management or defensive investing purposes, it may not achieve its investment objective.

Convertible Securities Risk. The market value of a convertible security performs like that of a regular debt security; that is, if market interest rates rise, the value of a convertible security usually falls. In addition, convertible securities are subject to the risk that the issuer will not be able to pay interest or dividends when due, and their market value may change based on changes in the issuer's credit rating or the market's perception of the issuer's creditworthiness. Since it derives a portion of its value from the common stock into which it may be converted, a convertible security is also subject to the same types of market and issuer risks that apply to the underlying common stock.

Country Risk. Changes in the business environment may adversely affect operating profits or the value of assets in a specific country. For example, financial factors such as currency controls, devaluation or regulatory changes or stability factors such as mass riots, civil war and other potential events may contribute to companies' operational risks.

Credit Risk. This is the risk that the issuer, the guarantor, or the insurer of a fixed income security, or the counterparty to a contract may be unable or unwilling to make timely principal and interest payments or to otherwise honor its obligations. Additionally, fixed income securities could lose value due to a loss of confidence in the ability of the issuer, guarantor, insurer, or counterparty to pay back debt. The lower the credit quality of a bond, the more sensitive it is to credit risk.

Currency Risk. The Fund's net asset value could decline as a result of changes in exchange rates, which could adversely affect the Fund's investments in currencies, or in securities that trade in, and receive revenues related to, currencies, or in derivatives that provide exposure to currencies. Certain foreign countries may impose restrictions on the ability of issuers of foreign securities to make payment of principal and interest or dividends to investors located outside the country, due to blockage of foreign currency exchanges or otherwise.

Cyber Security Risk. Failures or breaches of the electronic systems of the Fund, the Fund's manager, subadviser, distributor, and other service providers, or the issuers of securities in which the Fund invests have the ability to cause disruptions and negatively impact the Fund's business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses to the Fund and its shareholders. While the Fund has established business continuity plans and risk management systems seeking to address system breaches or failures, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems. Furthermore, the Fund cannot control the cyber security plans and systems of the Fund's service providers or issuers of securities in which the Fund invests.

Debt Obligations Risk. Debt obligations are fixed income investments that are subject to credit risk, market risk and interest rate risk. The Fund's holdings, share price, yield and total return may also fluctuate in response to bond market movements. The value of bonds may decline for issuer-related reasons, including management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods and services. Certain types of fixed income obligations also may be subject to "call and redemption risk," which is the risk that the issuer may call a bond held by the Fund for redemption before it matures and the Fund may not be able to reinvest at the same rate of interest and therefore would earn less income.

Derivatives Risk. Derivatives involve special risks and costs and may result in losses to the Fund. The successful use of derivatives requires sophisticated management, and, to the extent that derivatives are used, the Fund will depend on its subadviser's ability to analyze and manage derivatives transactions. The prices of derivatives may move in unexpected

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

ways, especially in abnormal market conditions. Some derivatives are "leveraged" or may create economic leverage for the Fund and therefore may magnify or otherwise increase investment losses to the Fund. The Fund's use of derivatives may also increase the amount of taxes payable by shareholders.

Other risks arise from the potential inability to terminate or sell derivatives positions. A liquid secondary market may not always exist for the Fund's derivatives positions. In fact, many over-the-counter derivative instruments will not have liquidity beyond the counterparty to the instrument. Over-the-counter derivative instruments also involve the risk that the other party will not meet its obligations to the Fund. The use of derivatives also exposes the Fund to operational issues, such as documentation and settlement issues, systems failures, inadequate control and human error.

Derivatives may also involve legal risks, such as insufficient documentation, the lack of capacity or authority of a counterparty to execute or settle a transaction, and the legality and enforceability of derivatives contracts. The U.S. Government and foreign governments have adopted (and may adopt further) regulations governing derivatives markets, including mandatory clearing of certain derivatives, margin and reporting requirements and risk exposure limitations. Regulation of derivatives may make derivatives more costly, limit their availability or utility to the Fund, or otherwise adversely affect their performance or disrupt markets.

Distribution Risk. The Fund's distributions may consist of net investment income, if any, and net realized gains, if any, from the sale of investments and/or return of capital. The Fund will provide to shareholders early in each calendar year the final tax character of the Fund's distributions for the previous year. Also, at such time that the Fund distribution is expected to be from sources other than current or accumulated net income, a notice to shareholders may be required.

Economic and Market Events Risk. Events in the U.S. and global financial markets, including actions taken by the U.S. Federal Reserve or foreign central banks to stimulate or stabilize economic growth or the functioning of the securities markets, or otherwise reduce inflation, may at times result in unusually high market volatility, which could negatively impact performance. Governmental efforts to curb inflation often have negative effects on the level of economic activity. Relatively reduced liquidity in credit and fixed income markets could adversely affect issuers worldwide.

Emerging Markets Risk. The risks of foreign investments are greater for investments in or exposed to emerging markets. Emerging market countries typically have economic and political systems that are less fully developed, and can be expected to be less stable, than those of more developed countries. For example, the economies of such countries can be subject to rapid and unpredictable rates of inflation or deflation. Low trading volumes may result in a lack of liquidity and price volatility. Emerging market countries may have policies that restrict investment by non-U.S. investors, or that prevent non-U.S. investors from withdrawing their money at will.

The Fund may invest in some emerging markets that subject it to risks such as those associated with illiquidity, custody of assets, different settlement and clearance procedures and asserting legal title under a developing legal and regulatory regime to a greater degree than in developed markets or even in other emerging markets.

Equity and Equity-Related Securities Risk. Equity and equity-related securities may be subject to changes in value, and their values may be more volatile than those of other asset classes. In addition to an individual security losing value, the value of the equity markets or a sector in which the Fund invests could go down. Different parts of a market can react differently to adverse issuer, market, regulatory, political and economic developments.

Exchange-Traded Funds ("ETFs") Risk. Investing in securities issued by ETFs involves risks similar to those of investing directly in the securities and other assets held by the ETF. Unlike shares of typical mutual funds, shares of ETFs are generally traded on an exchange throughout a trading day and bought and sold based on market values and not at net asset value. For this reason, shares could trade at either a premium or discount to net asset value, which may be substantial during periods of market stress. The trading price of an index-based ETF is expected to (but may not) closely track the net asset value of the ETF, and the Fund will generally gain or lose value consistent with the performance of the ETF's portfolio securities. The Fund will pay brokerage commissions in connection with the purchase and sale of shares of ETFs. In addition, the Fund will indirectly bear its pro rata share of the fees and

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

expenses incurred by an ETF (including ETFs managed by the Manager or the subadviser(s)) in which it invests, including advisory fees (to the extent not offset by the Manager through waivers). These expenses are in addition to the advisory and other expenses that the Fund bears directly in connection with its own operations. An index-based ETF may not replicate exactly the performance of the benchmark index it seeks to track for a number of reasons.

Foreign Securities Risk. Investments in securities of non-U.S. issuers (including those denominated in U.S. dollars) may involve more risk than investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Foreign political, economic and legal systems, especially those in developing and emerging market countries, may be less stable and more volatile than in the United States. Foreign legal systems generally have fewer regulatory requirements than the U.S. legal system, particularly those of emerging markets. In general, less information is publicly available with respect to non-U.S. companies than U.S. companies. Non-U.S. companies generally are not subject to the same accounting, auditing, and financial reporting standards as are U.S. companies. Additionally, the changing value of foreign currencies and changes in exchange rates could also affect the value of the assets the Fund holds and the Fund's performance. Certain foreign countries may impose restrictions on the ability of issuers of foreign securities to make payment of principal and interest or dividends to investors located outside the country, due to blockage of foreign currency exchanges or otherwise. Investments in emerging markets are subject to greater volatility and price declines.

In addition, the Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities may be subject to the risks of nationalization or expropriation of assets, imposition of currency exchange controls or restrictions on the repatriation of non-U.S. currency, confiscatory taxation and adverse diplomatic developments. Special U.S. tax considerations may apply.

Increase in Expenses Risk. Your actual cost of investing in the Fund may be higher than the expenses shown in the expense table for a variety of reasons. For example, expense ratios may be higher than those shown if average net assets decrease. Net assets are more likely to decrease and Fund expense ratios are more likely to increase when markets are volatile. Active and frequent trading of Fund securities can increase expenses.

Initial Public Offerings Risk. The volume of IPOs and the levels at which the newly issued stocks trade in the secondary market are affected by the performance of the stock market overall. If IPOs are brought to the market, availability may be limited and if the Fund desires to acquire shares in such an offering, it may not be able to buy any shares at the offering price, or if it is able to buy shares, it may not be able to buy as many shares at the offering price as it would like. The prices of securities involved in IPOs are often subject to greater and more unpredictable price changes than more established stocks. Such unpredictability can have a dramatic impact on the Fund's performance (higher or lower) and any assumptions by investors based on the affected performance may be unwarranted. In addition, as Fund assets grow, the impact of IPO investments on performance will decline, which could reduce total returns.

Interest Rate Risk. The value of your investment may go down when interest rates rise. A rise in rates tends to have a greater impact on the prices of longer term or duration debt securities. Similarly, a rise in interest rates may also have a greater negative impact on the value of equity securities whose issuers expect earnings further out in the future. For example, a fixed income security with a duration of three years is expected to decrease in value by approximately 3% if interest rates increase by 1%. This is referred to as " duration risk. " When interest rates fall, the issuers of debt obligations may prepay principal more quickly than expected, and the Fund may be required to reinvest the proceeds at a lower interest rate. This is referred to as " prepayment risk. " In addition, if the Fund purchases a fixed income security at a premium (at a price that exceeds its stated par or principal value), the Fund may lose the amount of the premium paid in the event of prepayment. When interest rates rise, debt obligations may be repaid more slowly than expected, and the value of the Fund's holdings may fall sharply. This is referred to as " extension risk. " The Fund may lose money if short-term or long-term interest rates rise sharply or in a manner not anticipated by the subadviser.

Large Shareholder and Large Scale Redemption Risk. Certain individuals, accounts, funds (including funds affiliated with the Manager) or institutions, including the Manager and its affiliates, may from time to time own or control a substantial amount of the Fund's shares. There is no requirement that these entities maintain their investment in the Fund. Certain of these entities may use predetermined, nondiscretionary mathematical formulas in their investment process that may result in large-scale asset flows into and out of the Fund. These shareholders may also pledge or loan Fund shares (to secure financing or otherwise), which may result in the shares becoming concentrated in another party. There is a risk

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

that such large shareholders or that the Fund's shareholders generally may redeem all or a substantial portion of their investments in the Fund in a short period of time, which could have a significant negative impact on the Fund's NAV, liquidity, and brokerage costs. Such redemptions may cause the Fund to have to sell securities at inopportune times or prices. These transactions may adversely affect the Fund's performance and increase transaction costs. In addition, large redemption requests may exceed the cash balance of the Fund and result in credit line borrowing fees and/or overdraft charges to the Fund until the sales of portfolio securities necessary to cover the redemption request settle. To the extent a large shareholder in the Fund is an entity subject to domestic and/or international regulations governing banking, insurance, or other financial institutions, changes in those regulations (e.g., capital requirements) or in the shareholder's financial status may cause or require the shareholder to redeem its investment in the Fund when it otherwise would not choose to redeem that investment. It is also possible that a significant redemption could result in an increase in Fund expenses on account of being spread over a smaller asset base, and therefore make it more difficult for the Fund to implement its investment strategy. Large redemptions could also result in tax consequences to shareholders. The Fund's ability to pursue its investment objective after one or more large scale redemptions may be impaired and, as a result, the Fund may invest a larger portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents.

Liquidity Risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Fund could not meet requests to redeem shares issued by the Fund without significant dilution of remaining investors' interests in the Fund. The Fund may invest in instruments that trade in lower volumes and are more illiquid than other investments. If the Fund is forced to sell these investments to pay redemption proceeds or for other reasons, the Fund may lose money. In addition, when there is no willing buyer and investments cannot be readily sold at the desired time or price, the Fund may have to accept a lower price or may not be able to sell the instrument at all. An inability to sell a portfolio position can adversely affect the Fund's value or prevent the Fund from being able to take advantage of other investment opportunities.

Market Disruption and Geopolitical Risks. Market disruption can be caused by economic, financial or political events and factors, including but not limited to, international wars or conflicts (including Russia's military invasion of Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war), geopolitical developments (including trading and tariff arrangements, sanctions and cybersecurity attacks), instability in regions such as Asia, Eastern Europe and the Middle East, terrorism, natural disasters and public health epidemics (including the outbreak of COVID-19 globally).

Recent policy decisions of the U.S. government and governments of foreign countries may increase geopolitical risks that could adversely affect the investment performance of the Fund. These policies have the potential to impact international relations, trade agreements and the overall regulatory environment in ways that could create uncertainty and instability in domestic and global markets. Actions taken by the U.S. government and governments of foreign countries in respect of international trade relations could lead to trade wars, increased costs for imported goods, disruptions in supply chains, reduced foreign investment, and instability in regions where the Fund invests.

The extent and duration of such events and resulting market disruptions cannot be predicted, but could be substantial and could magnify the impact of other risks to the Fund. These and other similar events could adversely affect the U.S. and foreign financial markets and lead to increased market volatility, reduced liquidity in the securities markets, significant negative impacts on issuers and the markets for certain securities and commodities and/or government intervention. They may also cause short- or long-term economic uncertainties in the United States and worldwide. As a result, whether or not the Fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the Fund's investments may be negatively impacted. Further, due to closures of certain markets and restrictions on trading certain securities, the value of certain securities held by the Fund could be significantly impacted, which could lead to such securities being valued at zero.

Market Risk. Securities markets may be volatile and the market prices of the Fund's securities may decline. Securities fluctuate in price based on changes in an issuer's financial condition and overall market and economic conditions. If the market prices of the securities owned by the Fund fall, the value of your investment in the Fund will decline.

Money Market Instruments Risk. The value of money market instruments may be affected by changing interest rates and by changes in the credit ratings of those instruments. If a significant amount of the Fund's assets are invested in money market instruments, it will be more difficult for the Fund to achieve its investment objective.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Portfolio Turnover Risk. The Fund may engage in active and frequent trading leading to an increased portfolio turnover rate. Under certain market conditions, the Fund's turnover rate may be higher than that of other funds. Portfolio turnover generally involves some expense to the Fund, including brokerage commissions or dealer mark-ups and other transaction costs on the sale of securities and reinvestment in other securities. These transactions may result in realization of taxable capital gains. The trading costs and tax effects associated with portfolio turnover may adversely affect the Fund's investment performance.

Preferred Securities Risk. Preferred securities can experience sharp declines in value over short or extended periods of time, regardless of the success or failure of a company's operations. A redemption by the issuer may negatively impact the return of the security held by the Fund. Preferred security holders' liquidation rights are subordinate to the company's debt holders and creditors. If interest rates rise, the fixed dividend on preferred securities may be less attractive and the price of preferred securities may decline. Preferred securities usually do not require the issuer to pay dividends and may permit the issuer to defer dividend payments. Deferred dividend payments could have adverse tax consequences for the Fund and may cause the preferred securities to lose substantial value. Preferred securities also may have substantially lower trading volumes and less market depth than many other securities, such as common stock or U.S. Government securities.

Real Estate Investment Trust ("REIT") Risk. Investing in REITs involves certain unique risks in addition to those risks associated with investing in the real estate industry in general. REITs may be affected by changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the REITs, while mortgage REITs may be affected by the quality of any credit extended. REITs are dependent upon management skills, may not be diversified geographically or by property/mortgage asset type, and are subject to heavy cash flow dependency, default by borrowers and self-liquidation. REITs may be more volatile and/or more illiquid than other types of equity securities. REITs (especially mortgage REITs) are subject to interest rate risks. REITs may incur significant amounts of leverage. The Fund will indirectly bear a portion of the expenses, including management fees, paid by each REIT in which it invests, in addition to the expenses of the Fund.

REITs must also meet certain requirements under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") to avoid entity level tax and be eligible to pass-through certain tax attributes of their income to shareholders. REITs are consequently subject to the risk of failing to meet these requirements for favorable tax treatment and of failing to maintain their exemptions from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940. REITs are subject to the risks of changes in the Code affecting their tax status.

Real Estate Related Securities Risk. Because the Fund invests in real estate securities, including REITs, the Fund is subject to the risks of investing in the real estate industry, such as changes in general and local economic conditions, the supply and demand for real estate and changes in zoning and tax laws. Since the Fund concentrates in the real estate industry, its holdings can vary significantly from broad market indices. As a result, the Fund's performance can deviate from the performance of such indices. Because the Fund invests in stocks, there is the risk that the price of a particular stock owned by the Fund could go down or pay lower-than-expected or no dividends. In addition to an individual stock losing value, the value of the equity markets or of companies comprising the real estate industry could go down.

Real estate values are affected by a number of factors, including (i) changes in the general economic climate (such as changes in interest rates), (ii) local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for space), (iii) the quality and philosophy of management of the real estate-related company, (iv) competition (such as competition based on rental rates), (v) specific features of properties (such as location), (vi) financial condition of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, (vii) quality of maintenance, insurance and management services, (viii) changes in operating costs, (ix) government regulations (including those governing usage, improvements, zoning and taxes), (x) the availability of financing and (xi) potential liability under environmental and other laws (such as successor liability if investing in existing entities). Real estate-related investments are speculative in nature and may be illiquid in nature. As a result, the possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist. Investors should not invest in the Fund unless they can readily bear the consequences of such loss.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

An investment in the Fund will be closely linked to the performance of the real estate markets. Real estate securities are subject to the same risks as direct investments in real estate and mortgages, and their value will depend on the value of the underlying properties or the underlying loans or interests. The underlying loans may be subject to the risks of default or of prepayments that occur earlier or later than expected, and such loans may also include so-called "subprime" mortgages. The value of these securities will rise and fall in response to many factors, including economic conditions, the demand for rental property and interest rates. In particular, the value of these securities may decline when interest rates rise and will also be affected by the real estate market and by the management of the underlying properties.

Repurchase Agreements Risk. Repurchase agreements could involve certain risks in the event of default or insolvency of the seller, including losses and possible delays or restrictions upon the Fund's ability to dispose of the underlying securities. To the extent that, in the meantime, the value of the securities that the Fund has purchased has decreased, the Fund could experience a loss.

Securities Lending Risk . Securities lending involves the risk that the borrower may fail to return the securities in a timely manner or at all. As a result, the Fund may lose money and there may be a delay in recovering the loaned securities. Additionally, losses could result from the reinvestment of collateral received on loaned securities in investments that decline in value, default, or do not perform as well as expected. These events could trigger adverse tax consequences for the Fund.

Selection Risk. Selection risk is the risk that the securities selected by the subadviser will underperform the market, the relevant indices, or other funds with similar investment objectives and investment strategies. Individual REIT prices may drop because of the failure of borrowers to pay their loans, a dividend reduction, a disruption to the real estate investment sales market, changes in federal or state taxation policies affecting REITs, or poor management of a REIT.

U.S. Government and Agency Securities Risk. U.S. Treasury obligations are backed by the "full faith and credit" of the U.S. Government. Securities issued or guaranteed by federal agencies or authorities and U.S. Government-sponsored instrumentalities or enterprises may or may not be backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. For example, securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Banks are neither insured nor guaranteed by the U.S. Government. These securities may be supported by the ability to borrow from the U.S. Treasury or only by the credit of the issuing agency, authority, instrumentality or enterprise and, as a result, are subject to greater credit risk than securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury. Further, the U.S. Government and its agencies, authorities, instrumentalities and enterprises do not guarantee the market value of their securities; consequently, the value of such securities will fluctuate. This may be the case especially when there is any controversy or ongoing uncertainty regarding the status of negotiations in the U.S. Congress to increase the statutory debt ceiling. Such controversy or uncertainty could, among other things, result in the credit quality rating of the U.S. Government being downgraded and reduced prices of U.S. Treasury securities. If the U.S. Congress is unable to negotiate an adjustment to the statutory debt ceiling, there is also the risk that the U.S. Government may default on payments on certain U.S. Government securities, including those held by the Fund, which could have a negative impact on the Fund. An increase in demand for U.S. Government securities resulting from an increase in demand for government money market funds may lead to lower yields on such securities.

Value Style Risk. Since the Fund follows a value investment style, there is the risk that the value style may be out of favor for long periods of time, that the market will not recognize a security's intrinsic value for a long time or at all, or that a stock judged to be undervalued may actually be appropriately priced or overvalued. Issuers of value stocks may have experienced adverse business developments or may be subject to special risks that have caused the stock to be out of favor. In addition, the Fund's value investment style may go out of favor with investors, negatively affecting the Fund's performance. If the Fund's assessment of market conditions or a company's value is inaccurate, the Fund could suffer losses or produce poor performance relative to other funds.

Warrants and Rights Risk. If the underlying stock price does not rise above the exercise price before the warrant expires, a warrant generally expires without value and the Fund loses any amount paid for the warrant. Warrants may trade in the same markets as their underlying stock; however, the price of a warrant may not move with the price of the

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

underlying stock. Failing to exercise subscription rights to purchase common stock would dilute the Fund's interest in the issuing company. The market for such rights is not well developed, and the Fund may not always realize full value on the sale of rights.

Please note that, in addition to the risks discussed above, there are many other factors that may impact the Fund's ability to achieve its investment objective and which could result in a loss of all or a part of your investment.

More information about the Fund's investment strategies and risks appears in the SAI.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

HOW THE FUND IS MANAGED

BOARD OF TRUSTEES

The Fund is overseen by a Board of Trustees (hereafter referred to as "Trustees," or the "Board"). The Board oversees the actions of the Manager, subadviser and distributor and decides on general policies. The Board also oversees the Fund's officers, who conduct and supervise the daily business operations of the Fund.

MANAGER

PGIM Investments LLC ("PGIM Investments")

655 Broad Street

Newark, NJ 07102-4410

Under a management agreement with the Fund, PGIM Investments manages the Fund's investment operations and administers its business affairs and is responsible for supervising the Fund's subadviser. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025, the Fund paid PGIM Investments management fees (net of waivers, as applicable) at the effective rate of 0.75% of the Fund's average daily net assets.

PGIM Investments and its predecessors have served as a manager or administrator to investment companies since 1987. As of October 31, 2025, PGIM Investments, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Financial, Inc. ("Prudential"), served as the investment manager to all of the Prudential U.S. and offshore open-end investment companies, and as the manager or administrator to closed-end investment companies, with aggregate assets of approximately $335.3 billion.

Subject to the supervision of the Board, PGIM Investments is responsible for conducting the initial review of prospective subadvisers for the Fund. In evaluating a prospective subadviser, PGIM Investments considers many factors, including the firm's experience, investment philosophy and historical performance. Subject to the Board's oversight, PGIM Investments is also responsible for monitoring the performance of the Fund's subadviser and recommending its termination and replacement when deemed appropriate. PGIM Investments may provide a subadviser with additional investment guidelines consistent with the Fund's investment objective and restrictions.

PGIM Investments and the Fund operate under an exemptive order (the "Order") from the SEC that generally permits PGIM Investments to enter into or amend agreements with unaffiliated subadvisers without obtaining shareholder approval. This authority is subject to certain conditions, including the requirement that the Board must approve any new or amended agreements with a subadviser. Shareholders of the Fund still have the right to terminate these agreements at any time by a vote of the majority of the outstanding shares of the Fund. The Fund will notify shareholders of any new subadvisers engaged or material amendments to subadvisory agreements made pursuant to the Order. Any new subadvisory agreement or amendment to the Fund's management agreement or current subadvisory agreement that directly or indirectly results in an increase in the aggregate management fee rate payable by the Fund will be submitted to the Fund's shareholders for their approval. PGIM Investments does not currently intend to retain unaffiliated subadvisers.

A discussion of the basis for the Board's approvals of the management and subadvisory agreements is available in the Fund's Form N-CSR filed with the SEC for the period ending October 31, and made available on the Fund's website at https://www.pgim.com/investments/mutual-funds/prospectuses-fact-sheets.

The Fund is prohibited under the 1940 Act from engaging in certain transactions with affiliated entities, including Prudential. Because Prudential is a major real estate investor, these prohibitions may limit the Fund's ability to invest in otherwise attractive real estate opportunities, thereby putting the Fund at a disadvantage as compared to other investors that are not subject to the same limitations.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

SUBADVISERS

PGIM Real Estate is a business unit of PGIM, Inc. ("PGIM"), which in turn is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Financial, Inc. PGIM Real Estate's address is 655 Broad Street, 14th Floor, Newark, New Jersey 07102. PGIM Real Estate, comprised of fund management centers in the United States in Newark, New Jersey and Atlanta, Georgia, and globally in Munich, London, Singapore and Mexico City, is supported by a network of local offices throughout the world. Its specialized operating units offer a broad range of real estate investment opportunities and investment management services in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America. PGIM Real Estate managed approximately $216.12 billion gross ($188.17 billion net), which includes $49.26 billion in assets under administration as of September 30, 2025.

PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited is located at Grand Buildings, 1-3 Strand, Trafalgar Square, London WC2N 5HR. PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited provides investment advisory services with respect to securities in certain foreign markets. As of October 31, 2025, PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited managed approximately $2.7 billion in assets.

PORTFOLIO MANAGERS

Rick J. Romano, Daniel Cooney, Alvin Chan , and Michael Gallagher are jointly and primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund.

Rick J. Romano, CFA is a Managing Director at PGIM Real Estate and head of the Real Estate Securities business. Rick has over 30 years of real estate experience in the public and private markets spanning merchant banking, real estate valuation, transactions, asset management, and portfolio management. Rick joined PGIM Real Estate in 1998 from Rockefeller & Co, where he served as an equity analyst covering primarily real estate and leisure stocks. Rick has served on the board of several private real estate companies. Rick is a member of PGIM Real Estate's Americas Executive Council, Global Investment Committee, UCITs Governance Council and Defined Contribution Investment Committee. He is also a member of NYSSA, ICSC and NAREIT Investment Advisory Council. Rick holds an MBA from NYU and a B.A. from Rutgers College.

Daniel Cooney, CFA is a Managing Director with PGIM Real Estate and a Portfolio Manager for the Real Estate Securities business. Daniel has over 17 years of real estate experience in the public markets. Daniel joined PGIM Real Estate in 2013 from RREEF, where he worked as a securities analyst in the global securities team. Prior to RREEF, Daniel was a senior equity REIT analyst at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in New York. Daniel has a bachelor's degree in economics from Trinity College.

Alvin Chan, CFA is an Executive Director and a Portfolio Manager responsible for the public securities investments in the Asia Pacific. Alvin joined PGIM Real Estate in 2016 from BlackRock where he worked as an equities analyst in the global real estate securities team. Prior to that, he had worked as a Senior Analyst in Principal Global Investors and Lasalle Investment Management. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Real Estate from the National University of Singapore and is a CFA charterholder. Mr. Chan is fluent in English and Mandarin (Chinese).

Michael Gallagher is an Executive Director and a Portfolio Manager responsible for recommending European real estate securities investments. Michael has over 24 years of investment industry experience and over 16 years in public real estate markets. Prior to joining PGIM Real Estate in 2012, Michael was an Assistant Fund Manager for Global Real Estate Securities at Aviva (London) and an analyst with Citigroup (London) and Deutsche Bank (London and Frankfurt). Michael is fluent in several languages including German, French, Italian and Portuguese. Michael holds a B.A from Harvard University and an M.A from Cornell University.

Additional information about portfolio manager compensation, other accounts managed, and portfolio manager ownership of Fund securities may be found in the SAI.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

DISTRIBUTOR

Prudential Investment Management Services LLC ("PIMS" or the "Distributor") distributes each class of the Fund's shares under a Distribution Agreement with the Fund. The Fund has Distribution and Service Plans (the "Plans") pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), applicable to certain of the Fund's shares. Under the Plans and the Distribution Agreement, the Distributor pays the expenses of distributing the shares of all share classes of the Fund. The Distributor also provides certain shareholder support services. Under the Plans, certain classes of the Fund pay distribution and other fees to the Distributor as compensation for its services. These fees-known as 12b-1 fees-are set forth in the "Fund Fees and Expenses" tables.

Because these fees are paid from the Fund's assets on an ongoing basis, over time these fees will increase the cost of your investment and may cost you more than paying other types of sales charges.

DISCLOSURE OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS

The Fund's policies and procedures with respect to the disclosure of the Fund's portfolio securities are described in the Fund's SAI and on the Fund's website at www.pgim.com/investments .

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

FUND DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAX ISSUES

DISTRIBUTIONS

The Fund distributes dividends to shareholders out of any net investment income. For example, if the Fund owns ACME Corp. stock and the stock pays a dividend, the Fund will pay out a portion of this dividend to its shareholders, assuming the Fund's income is more than its costs and expenses. The dividends you receive from the Fund will be subject to taxation whether or not they are reinvested in the Fund, unless your shares are held in a qualified or tax-deferred plan or account.

The Fund also distributes any net realized capital gains to shareholders. Capital gains are generated when the Fund sells its assets for a profit. For example, if the Fund bought 100 shares of ACME Corp. stock for a total of $1,000 and more than one year later sold the shares for a total of $1,500, the Fund has net long-term capital gains of $500, which it will pass on to shareholders (assuming the Fund's remaining total gains are greater than any losses it may have).

For your convenience, the Fund's distributions of dividends and net capital gains are automatically reinvested in the Fund without any sales charge. If you ask us to pay the distributions in cash, we will send you a check if your account is with Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC ("PMFS" or the "Transfer Agent"). Otherwise, if your account is with a broker, you will receive a credit to your account. Either way, the distributions may be subject to income taxes unless your shares are held in a qualified or tax-deferred plan or account. If your distribution check(s) remains uncashed for more than six months, your check(s) may be invested in additional shares of the Fund at the next net asset value ("NAV") calculated on the day of the investment. For more information about automatic reinvestment and other shareholder services, see "Additional Shareholder Services" in the next section.

The chart below sets forth the expected frequency of dividend and capital gains distributions to shareholders. Various factors may impact the frequency of dividend distributions to shareholders, including but not limited to adverse market conditions or portfolio holding-specific events.

Expected Distribution Schedule*   
Net Investment Income            Quarterly
Short-Term Capital Gains         Annually
Long-Term Capital Gains          Annually


*Under certain circumstances, the Fund may make more than one distribution of short-term and/or long-term capital gains during a fiscal year.

TAX ISSUES

Investors who buy Fund shares should be aware of some important tax issues. For example, the Fund distributes dividends of net investment income and realized net capital gains, if any, to shareholders. Fund distributions and gain from the sale of Fund shares are subject to federal income taxes, unless you hold your shares in a 401(k) plan, an Individual Retirement Account ("IRA") or some other qualified or tax-deferred plan or account. Dividends and distributions from the Fund also may be subject to state and local income tax in the state where you live.

The following briefly discusses some of the important income tax issues you should be aware of, but is not meant to be tax advice. For tax advice, please speak with your tax adviser.

Fund Distributions

Fund distributions of net capital gains are taxed differently depending on how long the Fund holds the security. If the Fund holds a security for more than one year before selling it, any gain is treated as long-term capital gain which is generally taxed at rates of up to 15% or 20% for non-corporate U.S. shareholders, depending on whether their incomes exceed certain threshold amounts, which are adjusted annually for inflation. If the Fund holds the security for one year or less, any gain is treated as short-term capital gain, which is taxed at rates applicable to ordinary income, subject to a maximum tax rate of 37%. Different rates apply to corporate shareholders.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Dividends from net investment income paid to a non-corporate U.S. shareholder that are reported as qualified dividend income will generally be taxable to such shareholder at the long-term capital gain tax rate. Dividends of net investment income that are not reported as qualified dividend income will be taxable to shareholders at ordinary income rates. Also, a portion of the dividends paid to corporate shareholders of the Fund will be eligible for the dividends received deduction to the extent the Fund's income is derived from certain dividends received from U.S. corporations. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Fund may report dividends eligible for a 20% "qualified business income" deduction for non-corporate U.S. shareholders to the extent the Fund's income is derived from ordinary REIT dividends, reduced by allocable Fund expenses.

A U.S. shareholder that is an individual, estate or certain type of trust is subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S. shareholder's "net investment income," including Fund distributions and net gains from the disposition of Fund shares, and (2) the excess of the U.S. shareholder's modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over $200,000 (or $250,000 for married couples filing jointly). For this purpose, net investment income includes interest, dividends, annuities, royalties, capital gain and income from a passive activity business or a business of trading in financial instruments or commodities.

Form 1099

For every year the Fund declares a dividend, you will receive a Form 1099, which reports the amount of ordinary income distributions and long-term capital gains we distributed to you during the prior year unless you own shares of the Fund as part of a qualified or tax-deferred plan or account. If you do own shares of the Fund as part of a qualified or tax-deferred plan or account, your taxes are deferred, so you will not receive a Form 1099 annually, but instead you will receive a Form 1099 when you take any distribution from your qualified or tax-deferred plan or account.

Fund distributions are generally taxable to you in the calendar year in which they are received, except when we declare certain dividends and distributions in the fourth quarter, with a record date in such quarter, and actually pay them in January of the following year. In such cases, the dividends and distributions are treated as if they were paid on December 31st of the prior year.

Cost Basis Reporting

Mutual funds must report cost basis information to you and the IRS when you sell or exchange shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012 in your non-retirement accounts. The cost basis regulations do not affect retirement accounts, money market funds, and shares acquired before January 1, 2012. The cost basis regulations also require mutual funds to report whether a gain or loss is short-term (shares held one year or less) or long-term (shares held more than one year) for all shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012 that are subsequently sold or exchanged. The Transfer Agent is not required to report cost basis information on shares acquired before January 1, 2012. However, in most cases the Transfer Agent will provide this information to you as a service.

Withholding Taxes

If federal tax law requires you to provide the Fund with your taxpayer identification number and certifications as to your tax status and you fail to do this, or if you are otherwise subject to backup withholding, we will withhold and pay to the U.S. Treasury a portion of your distributions and sale proceeds, based on the backup withholding rate.

Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders

For a discussion regarding the taxation of non-U.S. shareholders, please see the SAI and contact your tax adviser.

If You Purchase on or Before a Record Date

If you buy shares of the Fund on or before the record date for a distribution (the date that determines who receives the distribution), we will pay that distribution to you. As explained above, the distribution may be subject to taxes. When dividends are paid out, the value of each share of the Fund decreases by the amount of the dividend to reflect the payout, although this may not be apparent because the value of each share of the Fund also will be affected by market changes, if any.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Qualified and Tax-Deferred Retirement Plans

Retirement plans and accounts allow you to defer paying taxes on investment income and capital gains. Contributions to these plans may also be tax-deductible, although distributions from these plans generally are taxable. In the case of Roth IRA accounts, contributions are not tax-deductible, but distributions from the plan may be tax-free. Please contact your financial adviser for information on a variety of PGIM Funds that are suitable for retirement plans offered by Prudential.

IF YOU SELL OR EXCHANGE YOUR SHARES

If you sell any shares of the Fund for a profit, you have realized a capital gain, which is subject to tax unless the shares are held in a qualified or tax-deferred plan or account. As mentioned above, the maximum capital gains tax rate is up to 15% or 20% for individuals, depending on whether their incomes exceed certain threshold amounts, which are adjusted annually for inflation.

If you sell shares of the Fund at a loss, you may have a capital loss, which you may use to offset capital gains you have, plus, in the case of non-corporate taxpayers, ordinary income of up to $3,000. If you sell shares and realize a loss, you will not be permitted to use the loss to the extent you replace the shares (including pursuant to the reinvestment of a dividend) within a 61-day period (beginning 30 days before and ending 30 days after the sale of the shares). Under certain circumstances, if you acquire shares of the Fund and sell or exchange your shares within 90 days, you may not be allowed to include certain charges incurred in acquiring the shares for purposes of calculating gain or loss realized upon the sale or exchange of the shares.



If you exchange your Fund shares for shares of another class of the Fund, this is generally not a taxable event and should not result in realization of a capital gain or loss by you. If you exchange your shares of the Fund for shares of another PGIM Fund, this is considered a sale for tax purposes. In other words, it's a taxable event. Therefore, if the shares you exchanged have increased in value since you purchased them, you have capital gains, which are subject to the taxes described above. Unless you hold your shares in a qualified or tax-deferred plan or account, you or your financial adviser should keep track of the dates on which you buy and sell-or exchange-Fund shares, as well as the amount of any gain or loss on each transaction. For tax advice, please see your tax adviser.

Automatic Conversion of Class C Shares

The conversion of Class C shares into Class A shares-which happens automatically approximately 8 years after purchase-is not a taxable event for federal income tax purposes. For more information about the automatic conversion of Class C shares, see Class C Shares Automatically Convert to Class A Shares in How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Fund Shares .

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

HOW TO BUY, SELL AND EXCHANGE FUND SHARES

HOW TO BUY SHARES

In order to buy Fund shares, simply follow the steps described below.

Opening an Account

Shares may be purchased through an account with the Transfer Agent, or through an account with a financial intermediary that has an agreement with the Distributor to sell Fund shares. In order to open an account with the Transfer Agent contact PMFS at (800) 225-1852 or write to:

Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC ("PMFS")

P.O. Box 534432

Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432

PMFS will accept purchases of shares by check or wire. We do not accept cash, money orders, non-U.S. checks, credit card checks, payable through checks or travelers checks. To purchase by wire, call the number above to obtain an application. After PMFS receives your completed application, you will receive an account number. For additional information, see the back cover page of this Prospectus. Your purchase order must be in good order to be accepted and processed, which means that all necessary processing requirements have been satisfied. We have the right to reject any purchase order (including an exchange into the Fund) or suspend or modify the Fund's sales of its shares under certain circumstances. These circumstances include, but are not limited to, failure by you to provide additional information requested, such as information required to verify the source of funds used to purchase shares, your identity or the identity of any underlying beneficial owners of your shares. Furthermore, we are required by law to close your account if you do not provide the required identifying information. This would result in the redemption of shares at the then-current NAV and the proceeds would be remitted to you via check. We will attempt to verify your identity within a reasonable time frame (e.g., 60 days), which may change from time to time. For further information, please contact PMFS (for shares purchased through the Transfer Agent) or your financial professional (for shares purchased through a financial intermediary).

With certain limited exceptions, Fund shares are only available to be sold in the United States, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Guam.

Choosing a Share Class

The Fund offers the following share classes. Certain classes of shares may have additional specific eligibility or qualification requirements, which are explained below.

Share Class Eligibility
Class A* Retail investors
Class C* Retail investors
Class R* Certain group retirement plans
Class Z* Certain group retirement plans, institutional investors and certain other investors
Class R2    Certain group retirement plans and certain other investors
Class R4    Certain group retirement plans and certain other investors
Class R6    Certain group retirement plans, institutional investors and certain other investors


*The Fund's Class A, Class C and Class Z shares are generally closed to investments by new group retirement plans. The Fund's Class R shares are generally closed to new investors. Please see "Closure of Certain Share Classes to New Group Retirement Plans" in this section of the Prospectus for more information.

Multiple share classes let you choose a cost structure that meets your needs:

?

Class A shares purchased in amounts of less than $1 million require you to pay a sales charge at the time of purchase, but the operating expenses of Class A shares are lower than the operating expenses of Class C shares.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Investors who purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares and sell these shares within 12 months of purchase are also subject to a contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC") of 1.00%, although they are not subject to an initial sales charge. The CDSC is waived for certain retirement and/or benefit plans.

?

Class C shares do not require you to pay a sales charge at the time of purchase, but do require you to pay a CDSC of 1.00% if you sell your shares within 12 months of purchase. The operating expenses of Class C shares are higher than the operating expenses of Class A shares.

When choosing a share class, you should consider the following factors:

?

The amount of your investment and any previous or planned future investments, which may qualify you for reduced sales charges for Class A shares under Rights of Accumulation or a Letter of Intent.

?

The length of time you expect to hold the shares and the impact of varying distribution fees. Over time, these fees will increase the cost of your investment and may cost you more than paying other types of sales charges. For this reason, Class C shares are generally appropriate only for investors who plan to hold their shares for no more than 3 years.

?

The different sales charges that apply to each share class-Class A's front-end sales charge (and, in certain instances, CDSC) vs. Class C's CDSC.

?

Class C shares purchased in single amounts greater than $1 million are generally less advantageous than purchasing Class A shares. Purchase orders for Class C shares above this amount generally will not be accepted.

?

If you purchase Class Z shares through a broker acting solely as an agent on behalf of its customers pursuant to an agreement with PIMS, the broker may charge you a commission in an amount determined and separately disclosed to you by the broker.

?

Because Class Z, Class R, Class R2, Class R4 and Class R6 shares have lower operating expenses than Class A or Class C shares, as applicable, you should consider whether you are eligible to purchase such share classes.

See "How to Sell Your Shares" for a description of the impact of CDSCs.

If your shares are held through a financial intermediary, you should discuss with your intermediary which share classes of the Fund are available to you and which share class may best meet your needs. Certain financial intermediaries through which you may purchase shares of the Fund may impose their own investment minimums, fees, policies and procedures for purchasing, exchanging and selling Fund shares, which are not described in this Prospectus or the SAI, and which will depend on the policies, procedures and trading platforms of the financial intermediary. Consult your financial intermediary about share class availability and the intermediary's policies, procedures and other information. The availability of certain sales charge waivers and discounts will depend on whether you purchase your shares directly from the Fund or through a financial intermediary. See "Appendix A: Waivers and Discounts Available From Certain Financial Intermediaries" for additional information. The Fund has advised financial intermediaries of the share class features and guidelines, per the Prospectus, and it is their responsibility to monitor and enforce these guidelines with respect to shareholders purchasing shares through financial intermediaries.

Share Class Comparison. Use the following chart to help you compare the different share classes. The discussion following this chart will tell you whether you are entitled to a reduction or waiver of any sales charges.

Class A* Class C* Class R* Class Z* Class R2

Class R4

Class R6

Minimum purchase amount

$1,000

$1,000

None

None

None

None

None

Minimum amount for

subsequent purchases

$100

$100

None

None

None

None

None

Maximum initial sales charge

5.50% of the

public

offering price

None

None

None

None

None

None

Contingent Deferred Sales

Charge ("CDSC") (as a

percentage of the lower of the

original purchase price or the

net asset value at redemption)

1.00% on sales

of $1 million or

more made

within 12

months of

purchase

1.00% on

sales

made

within

12 months

of

purchase

None

None

None

None

None

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

                                                                                                    Class A* Class C* Class R* Class Z* Class R2 Class R4 Class R6
Annual distribution ordistribution andservice (12b-1) fees(shown as a percentageof average daily netassets)0.30%                                        1.00%    0.75% (0.50%currently) None 0.25% None  None
Shareholder service fees                                                                            None                                         None     None                   None 0.10% 0.10% None


Notes to Share Class Comparison Table:

° The minimum initial and subsequent investment requirements do not apply to employee savings plan accounts, payroll deduction plan accounts, or when exchanging all shares of an account to an existing account with the same registration. The minimum initial and subsequent investment requirements for AIP accounts are each $50 monthly (if your shares are held through a broker or other financial intermediary, the broker or intermediary is responsible for determining the minimum initial and subsequent investment requirements for AIP accounts). In addition, the minimum initial and subsequent investment requirements do not apply with respect to Class A and Class C shares when offered at NAV on fee-based programs, mutual fund "wrap" or asset allocation programs, mutual fund "supermarket" programs, and group retirement plans.

° If the value of your Class A, Class C or Class Z account with PMFS is less than $10,000, the Fund will deduct a $15 annual account maintenance fee from your account. The $15 annual account maintenance fee will be assessed during the 4th calendar quarter of each year. Any applicable CDSC on the shares redeemed to pay the $15 account maintenance fee will be waived. The $15 account maintenance fee will not be charged on: (i) accounts during the first six months from inception of the account, (ii) accounts which are authorized for electronic delivery of account statements, transaction confirmations, prospectuses and fund shareholder reports, (iii) omnibus accounts or accounts for which a broker or other financial intermediary is responsible for recordkeeping, (iv) institutional accounts, (v) group retirement plans, (vi) AIP accounts or employee savings plan accounts, (vii) accounts with the same registration associated with multiple share classes within the Fund, provided that the aggregate value of share classes with the same registration within the Fund is $10,000 or more, or (viii) clients with assets of $50,000 or more across the PGIM family of mutual funds. For more information, see "Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Fund Shares-Account Maintenance Fee" in the SAI.

° For more information about the CDSC and how it is calculated, see "How to Sell Your Shares-Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC")."

° Investors who purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares and sell these shares within 12 months of purchase are subject to a CDSC of 1.00%, although they are not subject to an initial sales charge. The CDSC is waived for certain retirement and/or benefit plans.

° Distribution and service (12b-1) fees are paid from the Fund's assets on a continuous basis. Over time, the fees will increase the cost of your investment and may cost you more than paying other types of sales charges. The service fee for Class A, Class C, and Class R shares is 0.25%. The distribution fee is limited to 0.30% (including the 0.25% service fee) for Class A shares, 0.50% for Class R shares, 0.25% for Class R2 shares and 0.75% for Class C shares.

° The Distributor of the Fund has contractually agreed until February 28, 2027 to reduce its 12b-1 fee for Class R shares to 0.50% of the average daily net assets of Class R shares.

* The Fund's Class A, Class C and Class Z shares are generally closed to investments by new group retirement plans. The Fund's Class R shares are generally closed to new investors. Please see "Closure of Certain Share Classes to New Group Retirement Plans" in this section of the Prospectus for more information.

Closure of Certain Share Classes to New Group Retirement Plans

Effective June 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date"), the Fund's Class A, Class C, Class R and Class Z shares, as applicable, were closed to investments by new group retirement plans, except as discussed below. Existing group retirement plans as of the Effective Date may keep their investments in their current share class and may continue to make additional purchases or exchanges in the Fund. As of the Effective Date, all new group retirement plans wishing to add the Fund as a new addition to the plan generally will be into one of the available Class R6 shares, Class R4 shares, or Class R2 shares of the Fund, as applicable. A short-term investment in a PGIM affiliated money market fund shall not be deemed a new group retirement plan investment for purposes of this policy.

In addition, on the Effective Date, the Class R shares of any fund were closed to all new investors, except as discussed below. Due to the closing of the Class R shares to new investors, effective on the Effective Date new IRA investors may only purchase Class A, Class C, Class Z or Class R6 shares of the Fund, as applicable, subject to share class eligibility. Following the Effective Date, no Class R shares may be purchased or acquired by any new Class R shareholder, except as discussed below.

                                                                          Class A   Class C   Class Z   Class R
Existing Investors (Group Retirement Plans,IRAs, and all other investors) No Change No Change No Change No Change
New Group Retirement Plans                                                Closed to group retirement plans wishing to add the share classes as new additions to plan menus on June 1, 2018,subject to certain exceptions below
New IRAs                                                                  No Change No Change No Change Closed to all newinvestors on June 1, 2018,subject to certainexceptions below
All Other New Investors                                                   No Change No Change No Change


However, the following new investors may continue to purchase Class A, Class C, Class R and Class Z shares of the Fund, as applicable:

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

?

Eligible group retirement plans that are exercising their one-time 90-day repurchase privilege in the Fund will be permitted to purchase such share classes.

?

Plan participants in a group retirement plan that offers Class A, Class C, Class R or Class Z shares of the Fund, as applicable, as of the Effective Date will be permitted to purchase such share classes of the Fund, even if the plan participant did not own shares of that class of the Fund as of the Effective Date.

?

Certain new group retirement plans will be permitted to offer such share classes of the Fund after the Effective Date, provided that the plan or its financial intermediary or other agent has or is actively negotiating a contractual agreement with the Fund's distributor or service provider to offer such share classes of the Fund prior to or on the Effective Date.

?

New group retirement plans that combine with, replace or are otherwise affiliated with a current plan that invests in such share classes prior to or on the Effective Date will be permitted to purchase such share classes.

?

The Fund also reserves the right to refuse any purchase order that might disrupt management of the Fund or to otherwise modify the closure policy at any time on a case-by-case basis.

?

Shareholders owning Class C shares may continue to hold their Class C shares until the shares automatically convert to Class A shares under the conversion schedule, or until the shareholder redeems their Class C shares.

Reducing or Waiving Class A's and Class C's Sales Charges

The following describes the different ways investors can reduce or avoid paying Class A's sales charge.

Increase the Amount of Your Investment. You can reduce Class A's sales charge by increasing the amount of your investment. The chart below shows how the sales charge decreases as the amount of your investment increases:

Amount of Purchase              Sales Charge as a % ofOffering Price* Sales Charge as a % ofAmount Invested* Dealer Reallowance*** 
Less than $25,000               5.50%                                 5.82%                                  5.00%
$25,000 to $49,999              5.00%                                 5.26%                                  4.50%
$50,000 to $99,999              4.50%                                 4.71%                                  4.00%
$100,000 to $249,999            3.75%                                 3.90%                                  3.25%
$250,000 to $499,999            2.75%                                 2.83%                                  2.50%
$500,000 to $999,999            2.00%                                 2.04%                                  1.75%
$1 million to $4,999,999** None None                                  1.00%
$5 million to $9,999,999** None None                                  0.50%
$10 million and over** None     None                                  0.25%


* Due to rounding in the calculation of the offering price and the number of shares purchased, the actual sales charge you pay may be more or less than the percentages shown above.

** If you invest $1 million or more, you can buy only Class A shares, unless you qualify to buy other share classes. If you purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares and sell these shares within 12 months of purchase, you will be subject to a CDSC of 1.00%, although you will not be subject to an initial sales charge. The CDSC is waived for certain retirement and/or benefit plans.

*** The Dealer Reallowance is the amount that is paid by the Fund's distributor to the financial intermediary responsible for the sale of the Fund's shares. For more information, please see "How Financial Intermediaries are Compensated for Selling Fund Shares" in this section of the Prospectus.

To satisfy the purchase amounts above, you can:

?

Use your Rights of Accumulation, which allow you or an eligible group of related investors to combine the value of a new purchase of Class A shares of any PGIM Fund with (1) the current value of Class A and Class C, and any other PGIM Fund share class (when used in retail brokerage or advisory programs) you or the eligible group of related investors already own, (2) the value of money market shares (other than Direct Purchase money market shares) you or an eligible group of related investors have received for shares of other PGIM Funds in an exchange transaction, and (3) the value of the shares you or an eligible group of related investors are purchasing; or

?

Sign a Letter of Intent, stating in writing that you or an eligible group of related investors will purchase a certain amount of shares in the Fund and other PGIM Funds within 13 months.

?

Purchases made prior to the effective date of the Letter of Intent will be applied toward the satisfaction of the Letter of Intent to determine the level of sales charge that will be paid pursuant to the Letter of Intent, but will not result in any reduction in the amount of any previously paid sales charge.

An "eligible group of related investors" includes any combination of the following:

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

?

All accounts held in your name (alone or with other account holders) and taxpayer identification number ("TIN");

?

Accounts held in your spouse's name (alone or with other account holders) and TIN (see definition of spouse below);

?

Accounts for your children or your spouse's children, including children for whom you and/or your spouse are legal guardian(s) (e.g., UGMAs and UTMAs);

?

Accounts in the name and TINs of your parents;

?

Trusts with you, your spouse, your children, your spouse's children and/or your parents as the beneficiaries;

?

With limited exclusions, accounts with the same address (exclusions include, but are not limited to, addresses for brokerage firms and other intermediaries and Post Office boxes); and

?

Accounts held in the name of a company controlled by you (a person, entity or group that holds 25% or more of the outstanding voting securities of a company will be deemed to control the company, and a partnership will be deemed to be controlled by each of its general partners), including employee benefit plans of the company where the accounts are held in the plan's TIN.

A "spouse" is defined in this Prospectus as follows:

?

The person to whom you are legally married. We also consider your spouse to include the following:

?

An individual of the same gender with whom you have been joined in a civil union, or legal contract similar to marriage;

?

A domestic partner, who is an individual (including one of the same gender) with whom you have shared a primary residence for at least six months, in a relationship as a couple where you, your domestic partner or both provide for the personal or financial welfare of the other without a fee, to whom you are not related by blood; or

?

An individual with whom you have a common law marriage, which is a marriage in a state where such marriages are recognized between a man and a woman arising from the fact that the two live together and hold themselves out as being married.

The value of shares held by you or an eligible group of related investors will be determined as follows:

?

for Class A shares and any other share class for which a sales charge is paid, the value of existing shares is determined by the maximum offering price (NAV plus maximum sales charge); and

?

for all other share classes, the value of existing shares is determined by the NAV.

If your shares are held directly by the Transfer Agent, and you believe you qualify for a reduction or waiver of Class A's or Class C's sales charges, you must notify the Transfer Agent at the time of the qualifying share purchase in order to receive the applicable reduction or waiver. If your shares are held through a broker or other financial intermediary, and you believe you qualify for a reduction or waiver of Class A's or Class C's sales charges, you must notify your broker or intermediary at the time of the qualifying purchase in order to receive the applicable reduction or waiver. Shares held through a broker or other financial intermediary will not be systematically aggregated with shares held directly by the Transfer Agent for purposes of receiving a reduction or waiver of Class A's or Class C's sales charges. The reduced or waived sales charge will be granted subject to confirmation of account holdings.

If your shares are held directly by the Transfer Agent, you must identify the eligible group of related investors. Although the Transfer Agent does not require any specific form of documentation in order to establish your eligibility to receive a waiver or reduction of Class A's or Class C's sales charges, you may be required to provide appropriate documentation if the Transfer Agent is unable to establish your eligibility.

If your shares are held through a financial intermediary, the financial intermediary is responsible for determining the specific documentation, if any, that you may need in order to establish your eligibility to receive a waiver or reduction of Class A's or Class C's sales charges. Your financial intermediary is also responsible for notifying the Transfer Agent if your share purchase qualifies for a reduction or waiver of Class A's or Class C's sales charges.

Purchases of $1 Million or More. If you purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares, you will not be subject to an initial sales charge, although a CDSC may apply, as previously noted.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Mutual Fund Programs. The initial sales charge on Class A shares will be waived for participants in any fee-based program or trust program sponsored by Prudential or an affiliate that includes the Fund as an available option. The initial sales charge will also be waived for clients of financial intermediaries in programs that are sponsored by or available through financial intermediaries that offer Class A shares without an initial sales charge, relating to:

?

Mutual fund "wrap" or asset allocation programs, where the sponsor places fund trades, links its clients' accounts to a master account in the sponsor's name and charges its clients a management, consulting or other fee for its services; or

?

Mutual fund "supermarket" programs, where the sponsor links its clients' accounts to a master account in the sponsor's name and the sponsor charges a fee for its services.

Financial intermediaries sponsoring these mutual fund programs may offer their clients more than one class of shares in the Fund in connection with different pricing options for their programs. Investors should consider carefully any separate transaction and other fees charged by these programs in connection with investing in each available share class before selecting a share class.

Group Retirement Plans . Class A's and Class C's sales charges will be waived for group retirement plans (including defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans and deferred compensation plans) available through a retirement plan recordkeeper or third party administrator. Investors in group retirement plans should contact their financial intermediary with any questions regarding availability of Class A and Class C shares at net asset value.

Other Types of Investors. Certain other types of investors may purchase Class A shares without paying the initial sales charge, including:

?

Certain directors or trustees, officers, current employees (including their spouses, children and parents) and former employees (including their spouses, children and parents) of Prudential and its affiliates, the PGIM Funds, and the subadvisers of the PGIM Funds; former employees must have an existing investment in the Fund;

?

Persons who have retired directly from active service with Prudential or one of its subsidiaries;

?

Registered representatives and employees of broker-dealers (including their spouses, children and parents) that offer Class A shares; and

?

Clients of financial intermediaries, who (i) offer Class A shares through a no-load network or platform, (ii) charge clients an ongoing fee for advisory, investment, consulting or similar services, or (iii) offer self-directed brokerage accounts or other similar types of accounts that may or may not charge transaction fees to customers.

To qualify for a waiver of the Class A or Class C sales charges at the time of purchase (including exchange of share classes within the Fund), you must notify the Transfer Agent, or the Distributor must be notified by the financial intermediary facilitating the purchase, that the transaction qualifies for a waiver of the Class A or Class C sales charges. The waiver will be granted subject to confirmation of your account holdings.

Additional Information About Reducing or Waiving Class A's and Class C's Sales Charges. The Fund also makes available free of charge, on the Fund's website, in a clear and prominent format, information relating to the Fund's Class A and Class C sales charges, and the different ways that investors can reduce or avoid paying the initial sales charge. The Fund's website includes hyperlinks that facilitate access to this information.

You may need to provide your financial intermediary through which you hold Fund shares with the information necessary to take full advantage of reduced or waived Class A or Class C sales charges.

The Distributor may reallow the Class A sales charge to dealers.

Class C Shares Automatically Convert to Class A Shares

Class C shares will be eligible for automatic conversion into Class A shares on a monthly basis approximately eight years after the original date of purchase. Conversion will take place based on the relative NAV of the two classes, without the imposition of any sales load, fee or other charge. All such automatic conversions of Class C shares will

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

constitute tax-free exchanges for federal income tax purposes. See the table titled "Annual Fund Operating Expenses" in the section of the Fund's Prospectus titled "Fund Summary - Fund Fees and Expenses" for the annual fund operating expenses for Class A and Class C shares.

For shareholders investing in Class C shares through retirement plans or omnibus accounts, and in certain other instances, the Fund and its agents may not have transparency into how long a shareholder has held Class C shares for purposes of determining whether such Class C shares are eligible for automatic conversion to Class A shares, and the relevant financial intermediary may not have the ability to track purchases in order to credit individual shareholders' holding periods. In these circumstances, the Fund will not be able to automatically convert Class C shares to Class A shares as described above. In order to determine eligibility for conversion in these circumstances, it is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to notify the Fund that the shareholder is eligible for the conversion of Class C shares to Class A shares, and the financial intermediary may be required to maintain and provide the Fund with records that substantiate the holding period of Class C shares. It is the financial intermediary's (and not the Fund's) responsibility to keep records of transactions made in accounts it holds and to ensure that the shareholder is credited with the proper holding period based on such records or those provided to the financial intermediary by the shareholder. Please consult with your financial intermediary for the applicability of this conversion feature to your shares.

A financial intermediary may sponsor and/or control accounts, programs or platforms that impose a different conversion schedule or different eligibility requirements for the exchange of Class C shares for Class A shares (see Appendix A: Waivers and Discounts Available From Certain Financial Intermediaries of the Prospectus). Please consult with your financial intermediary if you have any questions regarding your shares' conversion from Class C shares to Class A shares.

Qualifying for Class R Shares

Group Retirement Plans . Class R shares are offered for sale to (i) certain group retirement plans (including defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans and deferred compensation plans) available through a retirement plan recordkeeper or third party administrator, and (ii) IRAs that are held on the books of the Fund through omnibus level accounts. Investors in group retirement plans should contact their financial intermediary with any questions regarding availability of Class R shares.

Qualifying for Class Z Shares

Institutional Investors. Various institutional investors may purchase Class Z shares, including corporations, banks, governmental entities, municipalities, hospitals, insurance companies and IRS Section 501 entities, such as foundations and endowments. Institutional investors are responsible for indicating their eligibility to purchase Class Z shares at the time of purchase. Certain financial intermediaries may require that investments by their institutional investor clients in Class Z shares be placed directly with the Fund's Transfer Agent. Please contact the Transfer Agent at (800) 225-1852 for further details.

Mutual Fund Programs. Class Z shares can be purchased by participants in any fee-based program or trust program sponsored by Prudential or an affiliate that includes the Fund as an available option. Class Z shares also can be purchased by investors in certain programs sponsored by financial intermediaries who offer Class Z shares of the Fund, or whose programs are available through financial intermediaries that offer Class Z shares of the Fund, for:

?

Mutual fund "wrap" or asset allocation programs where the sponsor places fund trades, links its clients' accounts to a master account in the sponsor's name and charges its clients a management, consulting or other fee for its services;

?

Mutual fund "supermarket" programs where the sponsor links its clients' accounts to a master account in the sponsor's name and the sponsor charges a fee for its services; or

?

Fee- or commission-based retail brokerage programs of certain financial intermediaries that offer Class Z shares through such programs and that have agreements with PIMS to offer such shares when acting solely on an agency basis for their customers for the purchase or sale of such shares. If you transact in Class Z shares of the Fund through one of these programs, you may be required to pay a commission and/or other forms of compensation to the broker or financial intermediary for effecting such transaction. Because the Fund is not a party to any commission arrangement between you and your broker, any transactions in Class Z shares will be made by the

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Fund at net asset value (before imposition of the commission). Any such fee is paid by you, not by the Fund, and the imposition of any such fee or commission by your broker or financial intermediary does not impact the net asset value for such Fund shares. Shares of the Fund are available in other share classes that have different fees and expenses.

Financial intermediaries sponsoring these mutual fund programs may offer their clients more than one class of shares in the Fund in connection with different pricing options for their programs. Investors should consider carefully any separate transaction and other fees charged by these programs in connection with investing in a share class offered by the program before selecting a share class.

Other Types of Investors. Class Z shares also can be purchased by any of the following:

?

Certain participants in the MEDLEY Program (group variable annuity contracts) sponsored by Prudential for whom Class Z shares of the PGIM Funds are an available option;

?

Current and former Directors/Trustees of mutual funds, closed-end funds and ETFs managed by PGIM Investments or any other affiliate of Prudential;

?

Current and former employees (including their spouses, children and parents) of Prudential and its affiliates; former employees must have an existing investment in the Fund;

?

Prudential (including any program or account sponsored by Prudential or an affiliate that includes the Fund as an available option);

?

PGIM Funds, including PGIM funds-of-funds;

?

Qualified state tuition programs (529 plans); and

?

Investors working with fee-based consultants for investment selection and allocations.

Qualifying for Class R2 and Class R4 Shares

Group Retirement Plans. Class R2 and Class R4 shares are offered for sale to group retirement plans (including defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans and deferred compensation plans) available through a retirement plan recordkeeper or third party administrator. Class R2 and Class R4 shares are also offered to retirement plans, both where Prudential serves as the retirement plan administrator and where a third party serves as the retirement plan administrator. Investors in group retirement plans should contact their financial intermediary with any questions regarding availability of Class R2 and Class R4 shares.

Qualifying for Class R6 Shares

Group Retirement Plans . Group retirement plans (including defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans and deferred compensation plans) available through a retirement plan recordkeeper or third party administrator may purchase Class R6 shares. Investors in group retirement plans should contact their financial intermediary with any questions regarding availability of Class R6 shares.

Institutional Investors. Various institutional investors may purchase Class R6 shares, including, but not limited to, corporations, governmental entities, municipalities, hospitals, insurance companies and IRS Section 501 entities, such as foundations and endowments and other institutional investors. Institutional investors are responsible for indicating their eligibility to purchase Class R6 shares at the time of purchase.

Other Types of Investors. Class R6 shares may also be purchased by Prudential, certain programs or accounts sponsored by Prudential, and PGIM Funds, including PGIM funds-of-funds.

Class R6 shares may only be purchased from financial intermediaries who offer such shares.

Class R6 shares are offered to eligible investors as described in this Prospectus. Neither the Fund nor its affiliates shall make or pay fees associated with or similar to sub-accounting, networking, revenue sharing, or certain administrative fees with respect to Class R6 shares.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

How Financial Intermediaries are Compensated for Selling Fund Shares

The PGIM Funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC (the "Distributor"), a broker-dealer that is licensed to sell securities. The Distributor generally does not sell shares of the PGIM Funds directly to the public, but instead markets and sells the PGIM Funds through other broker-dealers, 401(k) providers, retirement plan administrators, and other financial intermediaries. Each PGIM Fund is managed by the Manager.

Only persons licensed with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"), as a registered representative (often referred to as a broker or financial adviser) and associated with a specific financial services firm may sell shares of a mutual fund to you, or to a retirement plan in which you participate.

Rule 12b-1 Fees & Sales Charges. The Distributor has agreements in place with financial intermediaries defining how much each firm will be paid for the sale of a particular mutual fund from front-end sales charges, if any, paid by Fund shareholders and from fees paid to the Distributor by the Fund pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act ("Rule 12b-1"). These financial intermediaries then pay their registered representatives who sold you the Fund some or all of what they received from the Distributor. The registered representatives may receive a payment when the sale is made and can, in some cases, continue to receive ongoing payments while you are invested in the Fund. The Distributor may change at any time, without prior notice, the amount of Rule 12b-1 fees that it pays (when the sale is made and/or any ongoing payments) to financial intermediaries and registered representatives so that the Distributor may retain all or a portion of such fees.

"Revenue Sharing" Payments. In addition to the compensation received by financial intermediaries as described above, the Manager or certain of its affiliates (but not the Distributor) may make additional payments (which are often referred to as "revenue sharing" payments) to the financial intermediaries from the Manager's or certain affiliates' own resources, including from the profits derived from management fees or other fees received from the Fund, without additional direct or indirect cost to the Fund or its shareholders , provided that no such additional payments to financial intermediaries are made with respect to the Fund's Class R6 shares. Revenue sharing payments are in addition to the front-end sales charges paid by Fund shareholders or fees paid pursuant to plans adopted in accordance with Rule 12b-1. The Manager or certain of its affiliates may revise the terms of any existing revenue sharing arrangement, and may enter into additional revenue sharing arrangements with other financial intermediaries in the future.

Revenue sharing arrangements are intended to foster the sale of Fund shares and/or to compensate financial intermediaries for assisting in marketing or promotional activities in connection with the sale of Fund shares. In exchange for revenue sharing payments, the Fund generally expects to receive the opportunity for the Fund to be sold through the financial intermediaries' sales force or access to third-party platforms or other marketing programs, including but not limited to mutual fund "supermarket" platforms or other sales programs. To the extent that financial intermediaries receiving revenue sharing payments sell more shares of the Fund, the Manager and Distributor benefit from the increase in Fund assets as a result of the management and distribution fees they receive from the Fund, respectively. Increased sales of Fund shares also may benefit shareholders, since an increase in Fund assets may allow the Fund to expand its investment opportunities, and increased Fund assets may result in reduced Fund operating expenses.

From time to time the Manager or an affiliate of the Fund (and not the Fund itself) may pay certain administrative fees in order to make the Fund available to shareholders. Such fees are not included in, and are paid separate and apart from, any revenue sharing payments.

Revenue sharing payments, as well as the other types of payments described above, may provide an incentive for financial intermediaries and their registered representatives to recommend or sell shares of the Fund to you and in doing so may create conflicts of interest between the firms' financial interests and their duties to customers.

If your Fund shares are purchased through a retirement plan, the Manager or certain of its affiliates (but not the Distributor) may also make revenue sharing payments to the plan's recordkeeper or an affiliate, which generally is not a registered broker-dealer.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

It is likely that financial intermediaries that execute portfolio transactions for the Fund will include those firms with which the Manager and/or certain of its affiliates have entered into revenue sharing arrangements. Neither the Manager nor any subadviser may consider sales of Fund shares as a factor in the selection of broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the Fund. The Manager and certain of its affiliates will not use Fund brokerage as any part of revenue sharing payments to financial intermediaries.

Revenue sharing payments are usually calculated based on a percentage of Fund sales and/or Fund assets attributable to a particular financial services firm. Payments may also be based on other criteria or factors, for example, a fee per each transaction. Specific payment formulas are negotiated based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, reputation in the industry, ability to attract and retain assets, target markets, customer relationships and scope and quality of services provided. The Manager and/or certain of its affiliates make such payments to financial intermediaries in amounts that generally range from 0.02% up to 0.20% of Fund assets serviced and maintained by the financial intermediaries or from 0.10% to 0.25% of sales of Fund shares attributable to the firm. In addition, the Manager and/or certain of its affiliates may pay flat fees on a one-time or irregular basis for the initial set-up of the Fund on a financial services intermediary's systems, participation or attendance at a financial services firm's meeting, or for other reasons. These amounts are subject to change. In addition, the costs associated with visiting the financial intermediaries to make presentations, and/or train and educate the personnel of the financial intermediaries, may be paid by the Manager and/or certain of its affiliates, subject to applicable FINRA regulations.

Please contact the registered representative (or his or her firm) who sold shares of the Fund to you for details about any payments the financial intermediary may receive from the Manager and/or certain of its affiliates. You should review your financial intermediary's disclosure and/or talk to your financial intermediary to obtain more information on how this compensation may have influenced your financial intermediary's recommendation of the Fund. Additional information regarding these revenue sharing payments is included in the SAI which is available to you at no additional charge.

Other Payments Received by Financial Intermediaries

Administrative, Sub-Accounting and Networking Fees. In addition to, rather than in lieu of, the fees that the Fund may pay to financial intermediaries as described above, and the fees the Fund pays to the Transfer Agent, the Transfer Agent or its affiliates may enter into additional agreements on behalf of the Fund with financial intermediaries pursuant to which the Fund will pay financial intermediaries for certain administrative, sub-accounting and networking services , provided that no such additional payments to financial intermediaries are made with respect to the Fund's Class R6 shares. These services include maintenance of shareholder accounts by the firms, such as recordkeeping and other activities that otherwise would be performed by the Transfer Agent. Sub-accounting services encompass activities that reduce the burden of recordkeeping to the Fund. Administrative fees are paid to a firm that undertakes, for example, shareholder communications on behalf of the Fund. Networking services are services undertaken to support the electronic transmission of shareholder purchase and redemption orders through the National Securities Clearing Corporation ("NSCC").

These payments, as discussed above, are paid out of Fund assets and generally based on either (1) a percentage of the average daily net assets of Fund shareholders serviced by a financial intermediary or (2) a fixed dollar amount for each account serviced by a financial services firm. From time to time, the Manager or certain of its affiliates (but not the Distributor) also may pay a portion of the fees for the services to the financial intermediaries at their own expense and out of their own resources.

In addition, the Fund reimburses the Distributor for NSCC fees that are invoiced to the Distributor as the party to the Agreement with NSCC for the administrative services provided by NSCC to the Fund and its shareholders. These administrative services provided by NSCC to the Fund and its shareholders include transaction processing and settlement through Fund/SERV, electronic networking services to support the transmission of shareholder purchase and redemption orders to and from financial intermediaries, and related recordkeeping provided by NSCC to the Fund and its shareholders. These payments are generally based on a transaction fee rate for certain administrative services plus a fee for other administrative services.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Shareholder Services Fee. The Fund has adopted a Shareholder Services Plan with respect to Class R2 and Class R4 shares. Under the terms of the Shareholder Services Plan, the Fund's Class R2 and Class R4 shares are authorized to pay to PMFS, its affiliates or third-party service providers, as compensation for services rendered to the shareholders of such Class R2 or Class R4 shares, a shareholder service fee at an annual rate of 0.10% of the Fund's average daily net assets attributable to Class R2 or Class R4 shares of the Fund, as applicable.

Pursuant to the Shareholder Services Plan, the Fund's Class R2 or Class R4 shares may pay for shareholder services and/or account maintenance services and other similar personal services and/or services related to the maintenance of shareholder accounts as contemplated by FINRA Rule 2341 or any successor thereto. Because service fees are ongoing, over time they will increase the cost of an investment in the Fund. With respect to the Class R2 shares, these services are in addition to those services that may be provided under the distribution plan for Class R2 shares.

Anti-Money Laundering

In accordance with federal law, the Fund has adopted policies designed to deter money laundering. Under the policies, the Fund will not knowingly engage in financial transactions that involve proceeds from unlawful activity or support terrorist activities, and shall file government reports, including those concerning suspicious activities, as required by applicable law. The Fund will seek to confirm the identity of potential shareholders to include both individuals and entities through documentary and non-documentary methods. Non-documentary methods may include verification of name, address, date of birth and tax identification number with selected credit bureaus. The Fund's Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Officer oversees the Fund's anti-money laundering policies.

Understanding the Price You'll Pay

The price you pay for each share of the Fund is based on the share value. The share value of a mutual fund-known as the net asset value or NAV-is determined by a simple calculation: it's the total value of the Fund (assets minus liabilities) divided by the total number of shares outstanding. For example, if the value of the investments held by Fund XYZ (minus its liabilities) is $1,000 and there are 100 shares of Fund XYZ owned by shareholders, the value of one share of the Fund-or the NAV-is $10 ($1,000 divided by 100). ??

Mutual Fund Shares

The NAV of mutual fund shares changes every day because the value of a fund's portfolio changes constantly. For example, if Fund XYZ holds ACME Corp. bonds in its portfolio and the price of ACME bonds goes up, while the value of the Fund's other holdings remains the same and expenses don't change, the NAV of Fund XYZ will increase.

The Fund's NAV will be determined every day on which the Fund is open as of the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") (generally, 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time). The Fund's portfolio securities are valued based upon market quotations or, if market quotations are not readily available, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Manager, as the Board's valuation designee. In this capacity, the Manager has adopted pricing methodologies for determining the fair value of certain types of securities and other assets held by the Fund that do not have quoted market prices, including the use of other pricing sources, such as bid prices supplied by a principal market maker and evaluated prices supplied by pricing vendors that employ analytic methodologies that take into account the prices of similar securities and other market factors.

If the Fund determines that a market quotation for a security is not reliable based on, among other things, events or market conditions that occur with respect to one or more securities held by the Fund or the market as a whole, after the quotation is derived or after the closing of the primary market on which the security is traded, but before the time that the Fund's NAV is determined, the Fund may use "fair value pricing," which is implemented by a valuation committee ("Valuation Committee") consisting of representatives of the Manager. The subadviser often provides

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

relevant information for the Valuation Committee meeting. Non-U.S. securities markets are open for trading on weekends and other days when the Fund does not price shares. Therefore, the value of the Fund's shares may change on days when you will not be able to purchase or redeem the Fund's shares.

Investments in open-end non-exchange-traded mutual funds will be valued at their NAV as determined as of the close of the NYSE on the date of valuation, which will reflect the mutual fund's fair valuation procedures.

Different valuation methods may result in differing values for the same security. The fair value of a portfolio security that the Fund uses to determine its NAV may differ from the security's quoted or published price. If the Fund needs to implement fair value pricing after the NAV publishing deadline but before shares of the Fund are processed, the NAV you receive or pay may differ from the published NAV price. The prospectuses of any other mutual funds in which the Fund invests will explain each fund's procedures and policies with respect to the use of fair value pricing.

Fair value pricing procedures are designed to result in prices for the Fund's securities and its NAV that are reasonable in light of the circumstances which make or have made market quotations unavailable or unreliable, and may have the effect of reducing arbitrage opportunities available to short-term traders. There is no assurance, however, that fair value pricing will accurately reflect the market value of a security or that it will prevent dilution of the Fund's NAV by short-term traders.

What Price Will You Pay for Shares of the Fund? For Class A shares, you'll pay the public offering price, which is the NAV next determined after we receive your order to purchase, plus an initial sales charge (unless you're entitled to a waiver). For all other share classes, you will pay the NAV next determined after we receive your order to purchase (remember, there are no up-front sales charges for these share classes). Your broker may charge you a separate or additional fee for purchases of shares. Unless regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, or later than 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, your order to purchase must be received by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time in order to receive that day's NAV. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to purchase is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE. The Fund will not treat an intraday unscheduled disruption in NYSE trading as a closure of the NYSE and will price its shares as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, if the particular disruption directly affects only the NYSE. We deem an order received when it is received by the Transfer Agent at its processing center. If you submit your order through a broker or other financial intermediary, it may be deemed received when received by the broker or financial intermediary.

Each business day, the Fund's current NAV per share is made available at www.pgim.com/investments/mutual-funds/prices.

Additional Shareholder Services

As a Fund shareholder, you can take advantage of the following services and privileges:

Automatic Reinvestment. As we explained in the "Fund Distributions and Tax Issues" section, the Fund pays out-or distributes-its net investment income and net capital gains to all shareholders. For your convenience, we will automatically reinvest your distributions in the Fund at NAV, without any sales charge. If you want your distributions paid in cash, you can indicate this preference on your application, or by notifying your broker or the Transfer Agent in writing (at the address below) at least five business days before the date we determine who receives dividends. For accounts held at the Transfer Agent ("PMFS"), distributions of $10.00 or less on non-retirement accounts will not be paid out in cash, but will be automatically reinvested into your account.

Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC

P.O. Box 534432

Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432

Automatic Investment Plan ("AIP"). You can make regular purchases of the Fund by having a fixed amount of money automatically withdrawn from your bank or brokerage account at specified intervals. The minimum for subsequent investments through newly-established AIP accounts must be at least $50 monthly.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Retirement Plan Services. Prudential offers a wide variety of retirement plans for individuals and institutions, including large and small businesses. For information on IRAs, including Roth IRAs or SEP-IRAs for a one-person business, please contact your financial adviser. If you are interested in opening a 401(k) or other company-sponsored retirement plan (SIMPLE IRAs, SEP plans, Keoghs, 403(b)(7) plans, pension and profit-sharing plans), your financial adviser will help you determine which retirement plan best meets your needs. Complete instructions about how to establish and maintain your plan and how to open accounts for you and your employees will be included in the retirement plan kit you receive in the mail.

Systematic Withdrawal Plan. A Systematic Withdrawal Plan is available that will provide you with monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual redemption checks. The Systematic Withdrawal Plan is not available to participants in certain retirement plans. Please contact PMFS at (800) 225-1852 for more details.

Reports to Shareholders. Every year we will send you an updated summary prospectus. We will also send or make available to you pursuant to Rule 30e-3 under the 1940 Act, an annual report and a semi-annual report, which contain important financial information about the Fund. To reduce Fund expenses, we may send or make available one annual shareholder report, one semi-annual shareholder report and one summary prospectus per household, unless you instruct us or your financial intermediary otherwise. If each Fund shareholder in your household would like to receive a copy of the Fund's summary prospectus and shareholder reports, please call us toll free at (800) 225-1852. We will begin sending additional copies of these documents within 30 days of receipt of your request.

HOW TO SELL YOUR SHARES

You can sell your Fund shares for cash at any time, subject to certain restrictions. For more information about these restrictions, see "Restrictions on Sales" below.

When you sell shares of the Fund-also known as redeeming your shares-the price you will receive will be the NAV next determined after the Transfer Agent or your financial intermediary receives your order to sell (less any applicable CDSC).

Shares Held by Financial Intermediaries. If your financial intermediary holds your shares, your financial intermediary must receive your order to sell no later than the time regular trading on the NYSE closes-which is usually 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time-to process the sale on that day. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to sell is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE.

Shares Held by the Transfer Agent. If the Transfer Agent holds your shares, PMFS must receive your order to sell no later than the time regular trading on the NYSE closes-which is usually 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time-to process the sale on that day. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to sell is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE. You may contact the Transfer Agent at:

Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC

P.O. Box 534432

Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432

Payment for Shares You Have Sold

Shares Held by Financial Intermediaries. Typically, if your order to sell shares is received in good order, payment will be credited to your account within 1 to 3 business days after the order is received, but in any event within seven days. Your broker may charge you a separate or additional fee for sales of shares.

Shares Held by the Transfer Agent. Typically, if your order to sell shares is received in good order, we will send payment on the next business day, but in any event within seven days, regardless of the method of payment (e.g., payment by check, wire or electronic transfer ("ACH")).

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Restrictions on Sales

If you are selling shares you recently purchased with a check, we may delay sending you the proceeds until your check clears, which can take up to seven days from the purchase date.

As a result of restrictions on withdrawals and transfers imposed by Section 403(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, we may consider a redemption request to not be in good order until we obtain information from your employer that is reasonably necessary to ensure that the payment is in compliance with such restrictions, if applicable. In such an event, the redemption request will not be in good order and we will not process it until we obtain information from your employer.

In addition, there are certain times when you may not be able to sell shares of the Fund or when we may delay paying you the proceeds from a sale. As permitted by the SEC, the former may happen only during unusual market conditions or emergencies when the Fund is unable to determine the value of its assets or sell its holdings. For more information, see the SAI.

If you hold your shares directly with the Transfer Agent, you will need to have the signature on your sell order Medallion signature guaranteed if:

?

You are selling more than $100,000 of shares;

?

You want the redemption proceeds made payable to someone that is not in the Transfer Agent's records;

?

You want the redemption proceeds sent to an address that is not in the Transfer Agent's records;

?

You are a business or a trust; or

?

You are redeeming due to the death of the shareholder or on behalf of the shareholder.

The Medallion signature guarantee may be obtained from an authorized officer from a bank, broker, dealer, securities exchange or association, clearing agency, savings association, or credit union that is participating in one of the recognized Medallion guarantee programs (STAMP, SEMP, or NYSE MSP), but not from a notary public. The Medallion signature guarantee must be appropriate for the dollar amount of the transaction. The Transfer Agent reserves the right to reject sale transactions where the value of the transaction exceeds the value of the surety coverage indicated on the Medallion imprint. The Fund may change the signature guarantee requirements from time to time without prior notice to shareholders. For more information, see the SAI.

How the Fund Pays for Shares You Have Sold

Under normal market conditions, the Fund expects to pay for shares that you have sold primarily by using cash or cash equivalents in its portfolio or selling portfolio assets to generate cash. Supplementally, the Fund may also raise cash to pay for sold shares by short-term borrowing in the form of overdrafts permitted by the Fund's custodian bank and/or by short-term borrowing from a group of banks through an unsecured credit facility, which is intended to provide the Fund with a temporary additional source of liquidity. In certain circumstances the Fund reserves the right to pay for sold shares by giving you securities from the Fund's portfolio. If you receive securities, you would incur transaction costs in converting the securities to cash, and you may receive less for the securities than the price at which they were valued for redemption purposes.

During stressed market conditions, it may be impractical or impossible to raise sufficient cash to pay for sold shares through the primary methods described above. In these circumstances, the Fund would be more likely to rely more heavily on the credit facility as a source of liquidity, as described above.

Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC")

If you sell Class C shares within 12 months of purchase, you will have to pay a CDSC of 1.00%. In addition, if you purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares, although you are not subject to an initial sales charge, you are subject to a CDSC of 1.00% for shares redeemed within 12 months of purchase. The CDSC is waived for certain retirement and/or benefit plans. To keep the CDSC as low as possible, we will sell amounts representing shares in the following order:

?

Amounts representing shares you purchased with reinvested dividends and distributions,

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

?

Amounts representing the increase in NAV above the total amount of payments for shares made during the past 12 months for Class A shares (in certain cases) and 12 months for Class C shares, and

?

Amounts representing the cost of shares held beyond the CDSC period (12 months for Class A shares (in certain cases) and 12 months for Class C shares).

Since shares that fall into any of the categories listed above are not subject to the CDSC, selling them first helps you to avoid-or at least minimize-the CDSC.

Having sold the exempt shares first, if there are any remaining shares that are subject to the CDSC, we will apply the CDSC to amounts representing the cost of shares held for the longest period of time within the applicable CDSC period.

The CDSC is calculated based on the lesser of the original purchase price or the net asset value at redemption. The rate decreases on the anniversary date of your purchase.

The holding period for purposes of determining the applicable CDSC will be calculated from the anniversary date of the purchase, excluding any time Class C shares were held in a money market fund.

Waiver of the CDSC-Class A Shares and Class C Shares

The CDSC will be waived if the Class A shares and Class C shares are sold:

?

After a shareholder is deceased or permanently disabled (or, in the case of a trust account, after the death or permanent disability of the grantor). This waiver applies to individual shareholders, as well as shares held in joint tenancy, provided the shares were purchased before the death or permanent disability;

?

To provide for certain distributions-made without IRS penalty-from a qualified or tax-deferred retirement plan, benefit plan, IRA or Section 403(b) custodial account; and

?

To withdraw excess contributions from a qualified or tax-deferred retirement plan, IRA or Section 403(b) custodial account.

For more information, see the SAI.

Involuntary Redemption of Small Accounts Held by the Transfer Agent

If the value of your account with PMFS is less than $500 for any reason, we may sell your shares (without charging any CDSC) and close your account. We would do this to minimize the Fund's expenses paid by other shareholders. The involuntary sale provisions do not apply to Automatic Investment Plan (AIP) accounts, employee savings plan accounts, payroll deduction plan accounts, retirement accounts (such as a 401(k) plan, an IRA or other qualified or tax-deferred plan or account), omnibus accounts, and accounts for which a broker or other financial intermediary is responsible for recordkeeping. Prior thereto, if you make a sale that reduces your account value to less than the threshold, we may sell the rest of your shares (without charging any CDSC) and close your account; this involuntary sale does not apply to shareholders who own their shares as part of a retirement account. For more information, see "Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Fund Shares-Involuntary Redemption" in the SAI.

Account Maintenance Fee for Accounts Held by the Transfer Agent

If the value of your Class A, Class C and/or Class Z account with PMFS is less than $10,000, with certain exclusions, a $15 annual account maintenance fee will be deducted from your account during the 4th calendar quarter of each year. Any applicable CDSC on the shares redeemed to pay the account maintenance fee will be waived. For more information, see "Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Fund Shares-Account Maintenance Fee" in the SAI.

90-Day Repurchase Privilege

After you redeem your shares, you have a 90-day period during which you may reinvest back into your account any of the redemption proceeds in shares of the same Fund without paying an initial sales charge. In order to take advantage of this privilege, you must notify the Transfer Agent or your broker at the time of the repurchase. This privilege can only be used once in a 12-month period. For more information, see the SAI.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

The terms of this privilege may vary by financial intermediary. For more information, see "Appendix A: Waivers and Discounts Available From Certain Financial Intermediaries."

Retirement Plans

To sell shares and receive a distribution from your retirement account, call your broker or the Transfer Agent for a distribution request form. There are special distribution and income tax withholding requirements for distributions from retirement plans and you must submit a withholding form with your request to avoid delay. If your retirement plan account is held for you by your employer or plan trustee, you must arrange for the distribution request to be signed and sent by the plan administrator or trustee. For additional information, see the SAI.

HOW TO EXCHANGE YOUR SHARES

You can generally exchange your shares of the Fund for shares of the same class in certain other PGIM Funds-including PGIM Government Money Market Fund-if you satisfy the minimum investment requirements. For example, you can exchange Class A shares of the Fund for Class A shares of other funds in the PGIM Funds mutual fund family, but you can't exchange Class A shares for a different share class of another PGIM Fund. However, Class R2 and Class R4 shares may not be exchanged for shares of the same class in the PGIM Target Date Funds. In addition, Class R6 shares may not be exchanged for Class R6 shares of the PGIM Target Date Funds or the PGIM 60/40 Allocation Fund.

After an exchange, at redemption, any CDSC will be calculated from the date of the initial purchase, excluding any time that Class C shares were held in PGIM Government Money Market Fund. We may change the terms of any exchange privilege after giving you 60 days' notice.

There is no sales charge for exchanges. However, if you exchange-and then sell-shares within the applicable CDSC period, you must still pay the applicable CDSC. At the time of exchange, CDSC liable shares and free shares move proportionally according to the percentage of total shares you are exchanging. If you have exchanged Class C shares into PGIM Government Money Market Fund, the time you hold the Class C shares in the money market fund will not be counted in calculating the required holding period for CDSC liability.

For investors in certain programs sponsored by financial intermediaries that offer shares of the Fund, or whose programs are available through financial intermediaries that offer shares of the Fund for mutual fund "wrap" or asset allocation programs or mutual fund "supermarket" programs, an exchange may be made from Class A to Class Z shares of the Fund in certain limited circumstances. Contact your program sponsor or financial intermediary with any questions.

Exchanging Shares Held by a Financial Intermediary. If you hold shares through a financial intermediary, you must exchange shares through your financial intermediary.

Exchanging Shares Held by the Transfer Agent. If you hold shares through the Transfer Agent, contact your financial advisor or PMFS at (800) 225-1852 or write to PMFS at:

Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC

P.O. Box 534432

Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432

If you participate in any fee-based program where the Fund is an available investment option, you may arrange with the Transfer Agent or your recordkeeper to exchange your Class A shares, if any, for Class Z shares when you elect to participate in the fee-based program. When you no longer participate in the program, you may arrange with the Transfer Agent or your recordkeeper to exchange all of your Class Z shares, including shares purchased while you were in the program, for Class A shares.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Remember, as we explained in the section entitled "Fund Distributions and Tax Issues-If You Sell or Exchange Your Shares," exchanging shares is considered a sale for tax purposes. Therefore, if the shares you exchange are worth more than the amount that you paid for them, you may have to pay capital gains tax. For additional information about exchanging shares, see the SAI.

Frequent Purchases and Redemptions of Fund Shares

The Fund seeks to prevent patterns of frequent purchases and redemptions of Fund shares by its shareholders. Frequent purchases and sales of shares of the Fund may adversely affect Fund performance and the interests of long-term investors. When a shareholder engages in frequent or short-term trading, the Fund may have to sell portfolio securities to have the cash necessary to redeem the shareholder's shares. This can happen when it is not advantageous to sell any securities, so the Fund's performance may be hurt. When large dollar amounts are involved, frequent trading can also make it difficult to use long-term investment strategies because the Fund cannot predict how much cash it will have to invest. In addition, if the Fund is forced to liquidate investments due to short-term trading activity, it may incur increased brokerage and tax costs. Similarly, the Fund may bear increased administrative costs as a result of the asset level and investment volatility that accompanies patterns of short-term trading. Moreover, frequent or short-term trading by certain shareholders may cause dilution in the value of Fund shares held by other shareholders of the Fund. Funds that invest in non-U.S. securities may be particularly susceptible to frequent trading because time zone differences among international stock markets can allow a shareholder engaging in frequent trading to exploit fund share prices that may be based on closing prices of non-U.S. securities established some time before the Fund calculates its own share price. Funds that invest in certain fixed income securities, such as high-yield bonds or certain asset-backed securities, may also constitute an effective vehicle for a shareholder's frequent trading strategy.

The Fund does not knowingly accommodate or permit frequent trading, and the Board has adopted policies and procedures designed to discourage or prevent frequent trading activities by Fund shareholders. In an effort to prevent such practices, the Fund's Transfer Agent monitors trading activity on a daily basis. The Fund has implemented a trading policy that limits the number of times a shareholder may purchase Fund shares or exchange into the Fund and then sell those shares within a specified period of time (a "round-trip transaction") as established by the Fund's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"). The CCO is authorized to set and modify the parameters of the trading policy at any time as required to prevent the adverse impact of frequent trading on Fund shareholders.

The CCO has defined frequent trading as one or more round-trip transactions in shares of the Fund within a 30-day period. If this occurs, the shareholder's account will be subject to a 60-day warning period. If a second round-trip occurs before the conclusion of the 60-day warning period, a trading suspension will be placed on the account by the Fund's Transfer Agent that will remain in effect for 90 days. The trading suspension will relate to purchases and exchange purchases (but not redemptions) in the Fund in which the frequent trading occurred. Exceptions to the trading policy will not normally be granted.

Transactions in the PGIM money market funds, exchange-traded funds and PGIM Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund are excluded from this trading policy. In addition, transactions by affiliated PGIM Funds or certain unaffiliated funds, which are structured as "funds-of-funds," and invest primarily in other mutual funds within the PGIM Fund family, are not subject to the limitations of the trading policy and are not considered frequent or short-term trading.

This trading policy does not apply to systematic purchases and redemptions (e.g., payroll purchases, systematic withdrawals and rebalancing transactions or other similar transactions not initiated by a shareholder or financial professional on the transaction date). Generally, purchases and redemptions will not be considered "systematic" unless the transaction is pre-established or scheduled for a specific date.

The Fund reserves the right to reject or cancel, without prior notice, all additional purchases or exchanges into the Fund by a shareholder. Moreover, the Fund may direct a broker-dealer or other intermediary to block a shareholder account from future trading in the Fund. The Transfer Agent will monitor daily trading activity above a certain threshold, which may be changed from time to time, over a rolling 90-day period. If a purchase into the Fund is rejected or canceled, the shareholder will receive a return of the purchase amount.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

If the Fund is offered to qualified plans on an omnibus basis or if Fund shares may be purchased through other omnibus arrangements, such as through a financial intermediary such as a broker-dealer, a bank, an insurance company separate account, an investment adviser, or an administrator or trustee of a retirement plan ("Intermediaries") that holds your shares in an account under its name, Intermediaries maintain the individual beneficial owner records and submit to the Fund only aggregate orders combining the transactions of many beneficial owners. The Fund itself generally cannot monitor trading by particular beneficial owners. The Fund has notified Intermediaries in writing that it expects the Intermediaries to impose restrictions on transfers by beneficial owners. Intermediaries may impose different or stricter restrictions on transfers by beneficial owners.

The Transfer Agent also reviews aggregate omnibus net flows above a certain threshold. In cases where the activity is considered unusual, the Intermediary may be contacted by the Transfer Agent to obtain additional information. The Transfer Agent has the authority to cancel all or a portion of the trade if the information reveals that the activity relates to potential offenders. Where appropriate, the Transfer Agent may request that the Intermediary block a financial adviser or client from accessing the Fund. If necessary, the Fund may be removed from a particular Intermediary's platform.

Shareholders seeking to engage in frequent trading activities may use a variety of strategies to avoid detection and, despite the efforts of the Fund to prevent such trading, there is no guarantee that the Fund, the Transfer Agent or Intermediaries will be able to identify these shareholders or curtail their trading practices. The Fund does not have any arrangements intended to permit trading of its shares in contravention of the policies described above.

Telephone Redemptions or Exchanges

You may redeem your shares of the Fund if the proceeds of the redemption do not exceed $250,000 or exchange your shares in any amount by calling the Fund at (800) 225-1852 and communicating your instructions in good order to a customer service representative before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time. You will receive a redemption or exchange amount based on that day's NAV. Certain restrictions apply; please see the section entitled "How to Sell Your Shares-Restrictions on Sales" above for additional information. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to sell or exchange is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE.

The Transfer Agent will record your telephone instructions and request specific account information before redeeming or exchanging shares. The Fund will not be liable for losses due to unauthorized or fraudulent telephone instructions if it follows instructions that it reasonably believes are made by the shareholder. If the Fund does not follow reasonable procedures, it may be liable.

In the event of drastic economic or market changes, you may have difficulty in redeeming or exchanging your shares by telephone. If this occurs, you should consider redeeming or exchanging your shares by mail or through your broker.

The telephone redemption and exchange procedures may be modified or terminated at any time. If this occurs, you will receive a written notice from the Fund.

Expedited Redemption Privilege

If you have selected the Expedited Redemption Privilege, you may have your redemption proceeds sent directly to your bank account. Expedited redemption requests may be made by telephone or letter, must be received by the Transfer Agent prior to 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time to receive a redemption amount based on that day's NAV and are subject to the terms and conditions regarding the redemption of shares. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to sell is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE. For more information, see the SAI. The Expedited Redemption Privilege may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Introduction

The financial highlights will help you evaluate the Fund's financial performance for the past five fiscal years or periods (as applicable). Certain information reflects financial results for a single fund class share. The total return in each chart represents the rate that a shareholder would have earned (or lost) on an investment in the Fund, assuming investment at the start of the period and reinvestment of all dividends and other distributions. The information is for the periods indicated.

These financial highlights were derived from the financial statements audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, whose report on those financial statements was unqualified.

Copies of the Fund's annual report and the Fund's audited financial statements, including the report of independent registered public accounting firm, are available upon request, at no charge, as described on the back cover of this Prospectus.

Class A Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025    2024      2023    2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $20.40  $16.11    $16.77  $27.44   $20.05
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.36    0.39      0.30    0.34     0.25
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.23    4.32      (0.66)  (6.86)   7.41
Total from investment operations                                                       0.59    4.71      (0.36)  (6.52)   7.66
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.42)  (0.42)    (0.30)  (0.55)   (0.27)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -       -         -       (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -       -         -       (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.42)  (0.42)    (0.30)  (4.15)   (0.27)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $20.57  $20.40    $16.11  $16.77   $27.44
Total Return (b) :                                                                     3.03%   29.39%    (2.25)% (27.70)% 38.32%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $72,148 $87,673   $81,492 $101,666 $153,763
Average net assets (000)                                                               $76,196 $87,764   $97,696 $132,796 $140,808
Ratios to average net assets (c) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    1.37%   1.38% (d) 1.36%   1.31%    1.30%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   1.37%   1.38%     1.36%   1.31%    1.30%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           1.81%   2.05%     1.69%   1.60%    1.00%
Portfolio turnover rate (e)                                                            94%     95%       89%     108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

Total return does not consider the effects of sales loads. Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year

reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(c)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(d)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(e)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Class C Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025     2024      2023    2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $19.71   $15.58    $16.22  $26.68   $19.51
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.17 (b) 0.23      0.15    0.16     0.10
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.22 (c) 4.18      (0.62)  (6.62)   7.20
Total from investment operations                                                       0.39     4.41      (0.47)  (6.46)   7.30
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.26)   (0.28)    (0.17)  (0.40)   (0.13)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -        -         -       (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -        -         -       (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.26)   (0.28)    (0.17)  (4.00)   (0.13)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $19.84   $19.71    $15.58  $16.22   $26.68
Total Return (d) :                                                                     2.03%    28.44%    (3.00)% (28.25)% 37.48%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $1,858   $3,050    $3,808  $6,120   $14,756
Average net assets (000)                                                               $2,265   $3,531    $5,163  $10,899  $18,469
Ratios to average net assets (e) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    2.31%    2.17% (f) 2.18%   2.03%    1.95%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   2.31%    2.17%     2.18%   2.03%    1.95%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.90%    1.28%     0.86%   0.75%    0.41%
Portfolio turnover rate (g)                                                            94%      95%       89%     108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

The per share amount of net investment income (loss) does not directly correlate to the amounts reported in the Statement of Operations due to class specific expenses.

(c)

The per share amount of realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments does not directly correlate to the amounts reported in the Statement of Operations due to the timing

of portfolio share transactions in relation to fluctuating market values.

(d)

Total return does not consider the effects of sales loads. Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year

reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(e)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(f)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(g)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Class R Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025   2024      2023    2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $20.30 $16.04    $16.70  $27.36   $19.97
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.32   0.33      0.27    0.27     0.20
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.23   4.31      (0.66)  (6.82)   7.38
Total from investment operations                                                       0.55   4.64      (0.39)  (6.55)   7.58
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.36) (0.38)    (0.27)  (0.51)   (0.19)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -      -         -       (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -      -         -       (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.36) (0.38)    (0.27)  (4.11)   (0.19)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $20.49 $20.30    $16.04  $16.70   $27.36
Total Return (b) :                                                                     2.78%  29.01%    (2.38)% (27.90)% 38.08%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $7,555 $8,564    $7,840  $9,441   $14,415
Average net assets (000)                                                               $7,992 $8,577    $9,419  $11,927  $14,099
Ratios to average net assets (c) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    1.58%  1.66% (d) 1.55%   1.53%    1.52%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   1.83%  1.91%     1.80%   1.78%    1.77%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           1.60%  1.77%     1.50%   1.26%    0.80%
Portfolio turnover rate (e)                                                            94%    95%       89%     108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and

distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(c)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(d)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(e)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Class Z Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025     2024      2023     2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $20.54   $16.21    $16.88   $27.60   $20.15
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.44     0.47      0.38     0.41     0.34
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.24     4.36      (0.67)   (6.90)   7.46
Total from investment operations                                                       0.68     4.83      (0.29)   (6.49)   7.80
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.50)   (0.50)    (0.38)   (0.63)   (0.35)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -        -         -        (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -        -         -        (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.50)   (0.50)    (0.38)   (4.23)   (0.35)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $20.72   $20.54    $16.21   $16.88   $27.60
Total Return (b) :                                                                     3.43%    29.89%    (1.82)%  (27.44)% 38.87%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $441,993 $464,119  $426,864 $475,896 $755,205
Average net assets (000)                                                               $437,521 $470,820  $477,820 $656,463 $696,648
Ratios to average net assets (c) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    0.96%    0.97% (d) 0.95%    0.93%    0.92%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   0.96%    0.97%     0.95%    0.93%    0.92%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           2.21%    2.46%     2.10%    1.89%    1.38%
Portfolio turnover rate (e)                                                            94%      95%       89%      108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and

distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(c)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(d)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(e)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Class R2 Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025   2024      2023    2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $20.49 $16.18    $16.84  $27.54   $20.11
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.37   0.41      0.31    0.38     0.25
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.24   4.34      (0.65)  (6.93)   7.43
Total from investment operations                                                       0.61   4.75      (0.34)  (6.55)   7.68
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.43) (0.44)    (0.32)  (0.55)   (0.25)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -      -         -       (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -      -         -       (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.43) (0.44)    (0.32)  (4.15)   (0.25)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $20.67 $20.49    $16.18  $16.84   $27.54
Total Return (b) :                                                                     3.08%  29.49%    (2.18)% (27.71)% 38.33%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $2,763 $2,526    $2,526  $2,245   $689
Average net assets (000)                                                               $2,442 $2,758    $2,383  $1,921   $444
Ratios to average net assets (c) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    1.30%  1.31% (d) 1.30%   1.30%    1.30%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   1.50%  1.50%     1.51%   1.55%    2.44%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           1.85%  2.14%     1.74%   1.87%    0.97%
Portfolio turnover rate (e)                                                            94%    95%       89%     108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and

distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(c)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(d)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(e)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

Class R4 Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025   2024      2023    2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $20.50 $16.19    $16.85  $27.56   $20.12
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.42   0.44      0.36    0.38     0.31
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.24   4.35      (0.66)  (6.89)   7.44
Total from investment operations                                                       0.66   4.79      (0.30)  (6.51)   7.75
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.48) (0.48)    (0.36)  (0.60)   (0.31)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -      -         -       (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -      -         -       (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.48) (0.48)    (0.36)  (4.20)   (0.31)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $20.68 $20.50    $16.19  $16.85   $27.56
Total Return (b) :                                                                     3.33%  29.84%    (1.93)% (27.53)% 38.68%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $1,193 $1,294    $857    $757     $937
Average net assets (000)                                                               $1,273 $1,194    $939    $840     $839
Ratios to average net assets (c) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    1.05%  1.06% (d) 1.05%   1.05%    1.05%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   1.49%  1.52%     1.62%   1.87%    1.78%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           2.11%  2.32%     2.02%   1.78%    1.26%
Portfolio turnover rate (e)                                                            94%    95%       89%     108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and

distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(c)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(d)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(e)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

Class R6 Shares
                                                                                       Year Ended October 31,
                                                                                       2025     2024      2023     2022     2021
Per Share Operating Performance (a) :
Net Asset Value, Beginning of Year                                                     $20.53   $16.21    $16.87   $27.59   $20.14
Income (loss) from investment operations:
Net investment income (loss)                                                           0.48     0.51      0.41     0.43     0.37
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment and foreign currencytransactions 0.23     4.34      (0.66)   (6.89)   7.46
Total from investment operations                                                       0.71     4.85      (0.25)   (6.46)   7.83
Less Dividends and Distributions:
Dividends from net investment income                                                   (0.53)   (0.53)    (0.41)   (0.66)   (0.38)
Tax return of capital distributions                                                    -        -         -        (0.18)   -
Distributions from net realized gains                                                  -        -         -        (3.42)   -
Total dividends and distributions                                                      (0.53)   (0.53)    (0.41)   (4.26)   (0.38)
Net asset value, end of Year                                                           $20.71   $20.53    $16.21   $16.87   $27.59
Total Return (b) :                                                                     3.58%    30.09%    (1.67)%  (27.34)% 39.05%
                                                                                       

Ratios/Supplemental Data:
Net assets, end of year (000)                                                          $356,217 $303,773  $376,015 $309,543 $582,961
Average net assets (000)                                                               $339,229 $368,198  $367,640 $405,564 $483,697
Ratios to average net assets (c) :
Expenses after waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                    0.81%    0.82% (d) 0.81%    0.79%    0.79%
Expenses before waivers and/or expense reimbursement                                   0.81%    0.82%     0.81%    0.79%    0.79%
Net investment income (loss)                                                           2.41%    2.68%     2.28%    1.97%    1.50%
Portfolio turnover rate (e)                                                            94%      95%       89%      108%     149%


(a)

Calculated based on average shares outstanding during the year.

(b)

Total return is calculated assuming a purchase of a share on the first day and a sale on the last day of each year reported and includes reinvestment of dividends and

distributions, if any. Total returns may reflect adjustments to conform to GAAP.

(c)

Does not include expenses of the underlying funds in which the Fund invests.

(d)

Includes interest expense on borrowings from the Syndicated Credit Agreement of 0.01% which are being excluded from the Fund's contractual waiver, if applicable, for the year

ended October 31, 2024.

(e)

The Fund's portfolio turnover rate is calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements, without regard to transactions involving short-term investments, certain derivatives

and in-kind transactions (if any). If such transactions were included, the Fund's portfolio turnover rate may be higher.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

GLOSSARY

FUND indices

FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Index (ND). The Financial Times Stock Exchange European Public Real Estate Association/National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (FTSE EPRA/NAREIT) Developed Index (ND) reflects the stock performance of companies engaged in specific aspects of the major real estate markets/regions of the world. Returns do not include the effect of any sales charges, operating expenses of a mutual fund or taxes. The returns would be lower if they included the effect of these expenses.

S&P 500 Index. The S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of over 500 stocks of large U.S. public companies. It gives a broad look at how large company stocks in the United States have performed. These returns do not include the effect of any sales charges, operating expenses of a mutual fund or taxes. These returns would be lower if they included the effect of these expenses.

The S&P 500 Index is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates and has been licensed for use by PGIM, Inc. and/or its affiliates. Copyright © 2025 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, a division of S&P Global, Inc., and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Redistribution or reproduction in whole or in part are prohibited without written permission of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. For more information on any of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC's indices please visit www.spdji.com. S&P® is a registered trademark of S&P Global and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC.

Visit our website at www.pgim.com/investments

APPENDIX A: WAIVERS AND DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE FROM CERTAIN FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES

The availability of certain sales charge waivers and discounts will depend on whether you purchase your shares directly from the Fund or through a financial intermediary. Intermediaries may have different policies and procedures regarding the availability of front-end sales load waivers or contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC") waivers (i.e., back-end), which are discussed below. In all instances, it is the purchaser's responsibility to notify the Fund or the purchaser's financial intermediary at the time of purchase of any relationship or other facts qualifying the purchaser for sales charge waivers or discounts. For waivers and discounts not available through a particular intermediary, shareholders will have to purchase Fund shares through the applicable intermediary to receive these waivers or discounts.

Merrill Lynch

Purchases or sales of front-end (i.e. Class A) or level-load (i.e., Class C) mutual fund shares through a Merrill platform or account will be eligible only for the following sales load waivers (front-end, contingent deferred, or back-end waivers) and discounts, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this Fund's prospectus. Purchasers will have to buy mutual fund shares directly from the mutual fund company or through another intermediary to be eligible for waivers or discounts not listed below.

It is the client's responsibility to notify Merrill at the time of purchase or sale of any relationship or other facts that qualify the transaction for a waiver or discount. A Merrill representative may ask for reasonable documentation of such facts and Merrill may condition the granting of a waiver or discount on the timely receipt of such documentation.

Additional information on waivers and discounts is available in the Merrill Sales Load Waiver and Discounts Supplement (the "Merrill SLWD Supplement") and in the Mutual Fund Investing at Merrill pamphlet at ml.com/funds. Clients are encouraged to review these documents and speak with their financial advisor to determine whether a transaction is eligible for a waiver or discount.

Front-end Load Waivers Available at Merrill

?

Shares of mutual funds available for purchase by employer-sponsored retirement, deferred compensation, and employee benefit plans (including health savings accounts) and trusts used to fund those plans provided the shares are not held in a commission-based brokerage account and shares are held for the benefit of the plan. For purposes of this provision, employer-sponsored retirement plans do not include SEP IRAs, Simple IRAs, SAR-SEPs or Keogh plans.

?

Shares purchased through a Merrill investment advisory program.

?

Brokerage class shares exchanged from advisory class shares due to the holdings moving from a Merrill investment advisory program to a Merrill brokerage account.

?

Shares purchased through the Merrill Edge Self-Directed platform.

?

Shares purchased through the systematic reinvestment of capital gains distributions and dividend reinvestment when purchasing shares of the same mutual fund in the same account.

?

Shares exchanged from level-load shares to front-end load shares of the same mutual fund in accordance with the description in the Merrill SLWD Supplement.

?

Shares purchased by eligible employees of Merrill or its affiliates and their family members who purchase shares in accounts within the employee's Merrill Household (as defined in the Merrill SLWD Supplement).

?

Shares purchased by eligible persons associated with the fund as defined in this prospectus (e.g. the fund's officers or trustees).

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of a mutual fund redemption in front-end load shares provided (1) the repurchase is in a mutual fund within the same fund family; (2) the repurchase occurs within 90 calendar days from the redemption trade date, and (3) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account (known as Rights of Reinstatement). Automated transactions (i.e. systematic purchases and withdrawals) and purchases made after shares are automatically sold to pay Merrill's account maintenance fees are not eligible for Rights of Reinstatement.

Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC") Waivers on Front-end, Back-end, and Level Load Shares Available at Merrill

?

Shares sold due to the client's death or disability (as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 22e(3)).

?

Shares sold pursuant to a systematic withdrawal program subject to Merrill's maximum systematic withdrawal limits as described in the Merrill SLWD Supplement.

?

Shares sold due to return of excess contributions from an IRA account.

?

Shares sold as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and retirement accounts due to the investor reaching the qualified age based on applicable IRS regulation.

?

Front-end or level-load shares held in commission-based, non-taxable retirement brokerage accounts (e.g. traditional, Roth, rollover, SEP IRAs, Simple IRAs, SAR-SEPs or Keogh plans) that are transferred to fee-based accounts or platforms and exchanged for a lower cost share class of the same mutual fund.

Front-end Load Discounts Available at Merrill: Breakpoints, Rights of Accumulation & Letters of Intent

?

Breakpoint discounts, as described in this prospectus, where the sales load is at or below the maximum sales load that Merrill permits to be assessed to a front-end load purchase, as described in the Merrill SLWD Supplement.

?

Rights of Accumulation (ROA), as described in the Merrill SLWD Supplement, which entitle clients to breakpoint discounts based on the aggregated holdings of mutual fund family assets held in accounts in their Merrill Household.

?

Letters of Intent (LOI), which allow for breakpoint discounts on eligible new purchases based on anticipated future eligible purchases within a fund family at Merrill, in accounts within your Merrill Household, as further described in the Merrill SLWD Supplement.

Morgan Stanley Wealth Management

Shareholders purchasing Fund shares through a Morgan Stanley Wealth Management transactional brokerage account are eligible only for the following front-end sales charge waivers with respect to Class A shares, which may differ from and be more limited than those disclosed elsewhere in this Fund's Prospectus or SAI.

Front-End Sales Charge Waivers on Class A Shares Available at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management

?

Employer-sponsored retirement plans (e.g., 401(k) plans, 457 plans, employer-sponsored 403(b) plans, profit sharing and money purchase pension plans and defined benefit plans). For purposes of this provision, employer-sponsored retirement plans do not include SEP IRAs, Simple IRAs, SAR-SEPs or Keogh plans.

?

Morgan Stanley employee and employee-related accounts according to Morgan Stanley's account linking rules.

?

Shares purchased through reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions when purchasing shares of the same fund.

?

Shares purchased through a Morgan Stanley self-directed brokerage account.

?

Class C (i.e., level-load) shares that are no longer subject to a contingent deferred sales charge and are converted to Class A shares of the same fund pursuant to Morgan Stanley Wealth Management's share class conversion program.

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of redemptions within the same fund family, provided (i) the repurchase occurs within 90 days following the redemption, (ii) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account, and (iii) redeemed shares were subject to a front-end or deferred sales charge.

Ameriprise Financial

Front-end sales charge reductions on Class A shares purchased through Ameriprise Financial

Shareholders purchasing Class A shares of the fund through an Ameriprise Financial platform or account are eligible only for the following sales charge reductions, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this prospectus or the SAI. Such shareholders can reduce their initial sales charge on the purchase of Class A shares as follows:

?

Transaction size breakpoints, as described in this prospectus or the SAI.

?

Rights of accumulation (ROA), as described in this prospectus or the SAI.

?

Letter of intent, as described in this prospectus or the SAI.

Front-end sales charge waivers on Class A shares purchased through Ameriprise Financial

Shareholders purchasing Class A shares of the fund through an Ameriprise Financial platform or account are eligible only for the following sales charge waivers, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this prospectus or the SAI. Such shareholders may purchase Class A shares at NAV without payment of a sales charge as follows:

?

shares purchased by employer-sponsored retirement plans (e.g., 401(k) plans, 457 plans, employer- sponsored 403(b) plans, profit sharing and money purchase pension plans and defined benefit plans). For purposes of this provision, employer-sponsored retirement plans do not include SEP IRAs, Simple IRAs or SAR-SEPs.

?

shares purchased through reinvestment of capital gains and dividend reinvestment when purchasing shares of the same fund (but not any other fund within the same fund family).

?

shares exchanged from Class C shares of the same fund in the month of or following the seven-year anniversary of the purchase date. To the extent that this prospectus elsewhere provides for a waiver with respect to such shares following a shorter holding period, that waiver will apply to exchanges following such shorter period. To the extent that this prospectus elsewhere provides for a waiver with respect to exchanges of Class C shares for load waived shares, that waiver will also apply to such exchanges.

?

shares purchased by employees and registered representatives of Ameriprise Financial or its affiliates and their immediate family members.

?

shares purchased by or through qualified accounts (including IRAs, Coverdell Education Savings Accounts, 401(k)s, 403(b) TSCAs subject to ERISA and defined benefit plans) that are held by a covered family member, defined as an Ameriprise Financial advisor and/or the advisor's spouse, advisor's lineal ascendant (mother, father, grandmother, grandfather, great grandmother, great grandfather), advisor's lineal descendant (son, step-son, daughter, step-daughter, grandson, granddaughter, great grandson, great granddaughter) or any spouse of a covered family member who is a lineal descendant.

?

shares purchased from the proceeds of redemptions within the same fund family, provided (1) the repurchase occurs within 90 days following the redemption, (2) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account, and (3) redeemed shares were subject to a front-end or deferred sales load (i.e. Rights of Reinstatement).

CDSC waivers on Class A and C shares purchased through Ameriprise Financial

Fund shares purchased through an Ameriprise Financial platform or account are eligible only for the following CDSC waivers, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this prospectus or the SAI:

?

redemptions due to death or disability of the shareholder

?

shares sold as part of a systematic withdrawal plan as described in this prospectus or the SAI

?

redemptions made in connection with a return of excess contributions from an IRA account

?

shares purchased through a Right of Reinstatement (as defined above)

?

redemptions made as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and retirement accounts pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Raymond James Financial Services and each entity's affiliates ("Raymond James")

Shareholders purchasing fund shares through a Raymond James platform or account, or through an introducing broker-dealer or independent registered investment adviser for which Raymond James provides trade execution, clearance, and/or custody services, will be eligible only for the following load waivers (front-end sales charge waivers and contingent deferred, or back-end, sales charge waivers) and discounts, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this Fund's Prospectus or SAI.

Front-end sales load waivers on Class A shares available at Raymond James

?

Shares purchased in an investment advisory program.

?

Shares purchased within the same fund family through a systematic reinvestment of capital gains and dividend distributions.

?

Employees and registered representatives of Raymond James or its affiliates and their family members as designated by Raymond James.

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of redemptions within the same fund family, provided (1) the repurchase occurs within 90 days following the redemption, (2) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account, and (3) redeemed shares were subject to a front-end or deferred sales load (known as Rights of Reinstatement).

?

A shareholder in the Fund's Class C shares will have their shares converted at net asset value to Class A shares (or the appropriate share class) of the Fund if the shares are no longer subject to a CDSC and the conversion is in line with the policies and procedures of Raymond James.

CDSC Waivers on Classes A and C shares available at Raymond James

?

Death or disability of the shareholder.

?

Shares sold as part of a systematic withdrawal plan as described in the Fund's Prospectus.

?

Return of excess contributions from an IRA Account.

?

Shares sold as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and retirement accounts due to the shareholder reaching the qualified age based on applicable IRS regulations as described in the Fund's Prospectus.

?

Shares sold to pay Raymond James fees but only if the transaction is initiated by Raymond James.

?

Shares acquired through a right of reinstatement.

Front-end load discounts available at Raymond James: breakpoints, and/or rights of accumulation, and/or letters of intent

?

Breakpoints as described in this Prospectus.

?

Rights of accumulation which entitle shareholders to breakpoint discounts will be automatically calculated based on the aggregated holding of fund family assets held by accounts within the purchaser's household at Raymond James. Eligible fund family assets not held at Raymond James may be included in the calculation of rights of accumulation only if the shareholder notifies his or her financial advisor about such assets.

?

Letters of intent which allow for breakpoint discounts based on anticipated purchases within a fund family, over a 13-month time period. Eligible fund family assets not held at Raymond James may be included in the calculation of letters of intent only if the shareholder notifies his or her financial advisor about such assets.

Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P. ("Edward Jones")

Policies Regarding Transactions Through Edward Jones

?

Clients of Edward Jones (also referred to as "shareholders") purchasing fund shares on the Edward Jones commission and fee-based platforms are eligible only for the following sales charge discounts (also referred to as "breakpoints") and waivers, which can differ from discounts and waivers described elsewhere in the mutual fund prospectus or statement of additional information ("SAI") or through another broker-dealer. In all instances, it is the shareholder's responsibility to inform Edward Jones at the time of purchase of any relationship, holdings of PGIM Funds, or other facts qualifying the purchaser for discounts or waivers. Edward Jones can ask for documentation of such circumstance. Shareholders should contact Edward Jones if they have questions regarding their eligibility for these discounts and waivers.

Breakpoints

?

Breakpoint pricing, otherwise known as volume pricing, at dollar thresholds as described in the prospectus.

Rights of Accumulation ("ROA")

?

The applicable sales charge on a purchase of Class A shares is determined by taking into account all share classes (except certain money market funds and any assets held in group retirement plans) of PGIM Funds held by the shareholder or in an account grouped by Edward Jones with other accounts for the purpose of providing certain pricing considerations ("pricing groups"). If grouping assets as a shareholder, this includes all share classes held on the Edward Jones platform and/or held on another platform. The inclusion of eligible fund family assets in the ROA calculation is dependent on the shareholder notifying Edward Jones of such assets at the time of calculation. Money market funds are included only if such shares were sold with a sales charge at the time of purchase or acquired in exchange for shares purchased with a sales charge.

?

The employer maintaining a SEP IRA plan and/or SIMPLE IRA plan may elect to establish or change ROA for the IRA accounts associated with the plan to a plan-level grouping as opposed to including all share classes at a shareholder or pricing group level.

?

ROA is determined by calculating the higher of cost minus redemptions or market value (current shares x NAV).

Letter of Intent ("LOI")

?

Through a LOI, shareholders can receive the sales charge and breakpoint discounts for purchases shareholders intend to make over a 13-month period from the date Edward Jones receives the LOI. The LOI is determined by

calculating the higher of cost or market value of qualifying holdings at LOI initiation in combination with the value that the shareholder intends to buy over a 13-month period to calculate the front-end sales charge and any breakpoint discounts. Each purchase the shareholder makes during that 13-month period will receive the sales charge and breakpoint discount that applies to the total amount. The inclusion of eligible fund family assets in the LOI calculation is dependent on the shareholder notifying Edward Jones of such assets at the time of calculation. Purchases made before the LOI is received by Edward Jones are not adjusted under the LOI and will not reduce the sales charge previously paid. Sales charges will be adjusted if LOI is not met.

?

If the employer maintaining a SEP IRA plan and/or SIMPLE IRA plan has elected to establish or change ROA for the IRA accounts associated with the plan to a plan-level grouping, LOIs will also be at the plan-level and may only be established by the employer.

Sales Charge Waivers

Sales charges are waived for the following shareholders and in the following situations:

?

Associates of Edward Jones and its affiliates and other accounts in the same pricing group (as determined by Edward Jones under its policies and procedures) as the associate. This waiver will continue for the remainder of the associate's life if the associate retires from Edward Jones in good-standing and remains in good standing pursuant to Edward Jones' policies and procedures.

?

Shares purchased in an Edward Jones fee-based program.

?

Shares purchased through reinvestment of capital gains distributions and dividend reinvestment.

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of redeemed shares of the same fund family so long as the following conditions are met: the proceeds are from the sale of shares within 60 days of the purchase, the sale and purchase are made from a share class that charges a front load and one of the following ("Right of Reinstatement"):

?

The redemption and repurchase occur in the same account.

?

The redemption proceeds are used to process an: IRA contribution, excess contributions, conversion, recharacterizing of contributions, or distribution, and the repurchase is done in an account within the same Edward Jones grouping for ROA.

The Right of Reinstatement excludes systematic or automatic transactions including, but not limited to, purchases made through payroll deductions, liquidations to cover account fees, and reinvestments from non-mutual fund products.

?

Shares exchanged into Class A shares from another share class so long as the exchange is into the same fund and was initiated at the discretion of Edward Jones. Edward Jones is responsible for any remaining CDSC due to the fund company, if applicable. Any future purchases are subject to the applicable sales charge as disclosed in the prospectus.

?

Exchanges from Class C shares to Class A shares of the same fund, generally, in the 84th month following the anniversary of the purchase date or earlier at the discretion of Edward Jones.

?

Purchases of Class 529-A shares through a rollover from either another education savings plan or a security used for qualified distributions.

?

Purchases of Class 529-A shares made for recontribution of refunded amounts.

Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC") Waivers

If the shareholder purchases shares that are subject to a CDSC and those shares are redeemed before the CDSC is expired, the shareholder is responsible to pay the CDSC except in the following conditions:

?

The death or disability of the shareholder.

?

Systematic withdrawals with up to 10% per year of the account value.

?

Return of excess contributions from an Individual Retirement Account (IRA).

?

Shares redeemed as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and retirement accounts if the redemption is taken in or after the year the shareholder reaches qualified age based on applicable IRS regulations.

?

Shares redeemed to pay Edward Jones fees or costs in such cases where the transaction is initiated by Edward Jones.

?

Shares exchanged in an Edward Jones fee-based program.

?

Shares acquired through NAV reinstatement.

?

Shares redeemed at the discretion of Edward Jones for Minimum Balances, as described below.

Other Important Information Regarding Transactions Through Edward Jones

Minimum Purchase Amounts

?

Initial purchase minimum: $250

?

Subsequent purchase minimum: none

Minimum Balances

?

Edward Jones has the right to redeem at its discretion fund holdings with a balance of $250 or less. The following are examples of accounts that are not included in this policy:

?

A fee-based account held on an Edward Jones platform

?

A 529 account held on an Edward Jones platform

?

An account with an active systematic investment plan or LOI

Exchanging Share Classes

?

At any time it deems necessary, Edward Jones has the authority to exchange at NAV a shareholder's holdings in a fund to Class A shares of the same fund.

Janney Montgomery Scott LLC ("Janney")

Shareholders purchasing Fund shares through a Janney account are eligible only for the following load waivers (front-end sales charge waivers and contingent deferred, or back-end, sales charge waivers) and discounts, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this Fund's Prospectus or SAI.

Front-end sales charge waivers on Class A shares available at Janney

?

Shares purchased through reinvestment of capital gains distributions and dividend reinvestment when purchasing shares of the same fund (but not any other fund within the fund family).

?

Shares purchased by employees and registered representatives of Janney or its affiliates and their family members as designated by Janney.

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of redemptions within the same fund family, provided (1) the repurchase occurs within ninety (90) days following the redemption, (2) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account, and (3) redeemed shares were subject to a front-end or deferred sales load (i.e., right of reinstatement).

?

Class C shares that are no longer subject to a contingent deferred sales charge and are converted to Class A shares of the same fund pursuant to Janney's policies and procedures.

Sales charge waivers on Class A and C shares available at Janney

?

Shares sold upon the death or disability of the shareholder.

?

Shares sold as part of a systematic withdrawal plan as described in the Fund's Prospectus.

?

Shares purchased in connection with a return of excess contributions from an IRA account.

?

Shares sold as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and other retirement accounts due to the shareholder reaching the qualified age based on applicable IRS regulations as described in the Fund's Prospectus.

?

Shares sold to pay Janney fees but only if the transaction is initiated by Janney.

?

Shares acquired through a right of reinstatement.

Front-end load discounts available at Janney: breakpoints, and/or rights of accumulation

?

Breakpoints as described in the Fund's Prospectus.

?

Rights of accumulation ("ROA"), which entitle shareholders to breakpoint discounts, will be automatically calculated based on the aggregated holding of Fund family assets held by accounts within the purchaser's household at Janney. Eligible fund family assets not held at Janney may be included in the ROA calculation only if the shareholder notifies his or her financial advisor about such assets.

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. ("OPCO")

Shareholders purchasing Fund shares through an OPCO platform or account will only be eligible for the following sales charge waivers (front-end sales charge waivers and contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC") waivers (i.e., back-end)) and discounts, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this Prospectus or the SAI.

Front-End Sales Charge Waivers on Class A share available at OPCO

?

Employer-sponsored retirement, deferred compensation and employee benefit plans (including health savings accounts) and trusts used to fund those plans, provided that the shares are not held in a commission-based brokerage account and shares are held for the benefit of the plan.

?

Shares purchased by or through a 529 Plan.

?

Shares purchased through an OPCO affiliated investment advisory program.

?

Shares purchased through reinvestment of capital gains distributions and dividend reinvestment when purchasing shares of the same fund (but not any other fund within the PGIM fund family).

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of redemptions within the same fund family, provided (1) the repurchase occurs within 90 days following the redemption, (2) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account, and (3) redeemed shares were subject to a front-end or deferred sales load (known as Rights of Reinstatement).

?

A shareholder in the Fund's Class C shares will have their shares converted at net asset value to Class A shares (or the appropriate share class) of the Fund if the shares are no longer subject to a CDSC and the conversion is in line with the policies and procedures of OPCO.

?

Employees and registered representatives of OPCO or its affiliates and their family members.

?

Directors or Trustees of the Fund, and employees of the Fund's investment adviser or any of its affiliates, as described in this Prospectus.

Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC") Waivers available at OPCO

?

The death or disability of the shareholder.

?

Shares sold as part of a systematic withdrawal plan as described in this Prospectus.

?

Return of excess contributions from an Individual Retirement Account ("IRA").

?

Shares sold as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and retirement accounts due to the shareholder reaching the qualified age based on applicable IRS regulations.

?

Shares sold to pay OPCO fees but only if the transaction is initiated by OPCO.

?

Shares acquired through a Right of Reinstatement.

Front-end load discounts available at OPCO: breakpoints and/or rights of accumulation

?

Breakpoints as described in this Prospectus.

?

Rights of accumulation ("ROA"), which entitle shareholders to breakpoint discounts, will be automatically calculated based on the aggregated holding of Fund family assets held by accounts within the purchaser's household at OPCO. Eligible Fund family assets not held at OPCO may be included in the ROA calculation only if the shareholder notifies his or her financial advisor about such assets.

RW Baird ("Baird")

Shareholders purchasing Fund shares through a Baird platform or account will only be eligible for the following sales charge waivers (front-end sales charge waivers and CDSC waivers) and discounts, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this Prospectus or the SAI.

Front-end sales charge waivers on Class A shares available at Baird

?

Shares purchased through reinvestment of capital gains distributions and dividend reinvestment when purchasing shares of the same fund.

?

Shares purchased by employees and registered representatives of Baird or its affiliates and their family members as designated by Baird.

?

Shares purchased from the proceeds of redemptions from another PGIM Fund, provided (1) the repurchase occurs within ninety (90) days following the redemption, (2) the redemption and purchase occur in the same account, and (3) redeemed shares were subject to a front-end or deferred sales charge (known as Rights of Reinstatement).

?

A shareholder in the Fund's Class C Shares will have their shares converted at net asset value to Class A shares of the Fund if the shares are no longer subject to CDSC and the conversion is in line with the policies and procedures of Baird.

?

Employer-sponsored retirement plans or charitable accounts in a transactional brokerage account at Baird, including 401(k) plans, 457 plans, employer-sponsored 403(b) plans, profit sharing and money purchase pension plans and defined benefit plans. For purposes of this provision, employer-sponsored retirement plans do not include SEP IRAs, Simple IRAs or SAR-SEPs.

Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC") waivers on Class A and C shares available at Baird

?

Shares sold upon the death or disability of the shareholder.

?

Shares sold as part of a systematic withdrawal plan as described in this Prospectus.

?

Shares purchased in connection with a return of excess contributions from an IRA account.

?

Shares sold as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and other retirement accounts due to the shareholder reaching the qualified age based on applicable IRS regulations.

?

Shares sold to pay Baird fees but only if the transaction is initiated by Baird.

?

Shares acquired through a Right of Reinstatement.

Front-end Sales Charge Discounts available at Baird: Breakpoints and/or Rights of Accumulation

?

Breakpoints as described in this Prospectus.

?

Rights of accumulation ("ROA"), which entitle shareholders to breakpoint discounts, will be automatically calculated based on the aggregated holding of PGIM Fund assets held by accounts within the purchaser's household at Baird. Eligible PGIM Fund assets not held at Baird may be included in the ROA calculation only if the shareholder notifies his or her financial advisor about such assets.

?

Letters of Intent ("LOI") which allow for breakpoint discounts based on anticipated purchases of PGIM Funds through Baird, over a 13-month period of time.

STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED ("STIFEL")

Shareholders purchasing Fund shares through a Stifel platform or account, or who own shares for which Stifel or an affiliate is the broker-dealer of record, are eligible for the following front-end sales charge waivers with respect to Class A shares, which may differ from and be more limited than those disclosed elsewhere in this Fund's Prospectus or SAI. All other waivers in the Fund's Prospectus or SAI apply as described.

Front-End Sales Charge Waivers on Class A Shares

?

Class C (i.e., level-load) shares that are no longer subject to a contingent deferred sales charge and are converted to Class A shares of the same Fund (at net asset value per share) pursuant to policies and procedures of Stifel.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

If you purchase or hold fund shares through an applicable J.P. Morgan Securities LLC brokerage account, you will be eligible for the following sales charge waivers (front-end sales charge waivers and contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC"), or back-end sales charge, waivers), share class conversion policy and discounts, which may differ from those disclosed elsewhere in this fund's prospectus or Statement of Additional Information.

Front-end sales charge waivers on Class A shares available at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

?

Shares exchanged from Class C (i.e. level-load) shares that are no longer subject to a CDSC and are exchanged into Class A shares of the same fund pursuant to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC's share class exchange policy.

?

Qualified employer-sponsored defined contribution and defined benefit retirement plans, nonqualified deferred compensation plans, other employee benefit plans and trusts used to fund those plans. For purposes of this provision, such plans do not include SEP IRAs, SIMPLE IRAs, SAR-SEPs or 501(c)(3) accounts.

?

Shares of funds purchased through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Self-Directed Investing accounts.

?

Shares purchased through rights of reinstatement.

?

Shares purchased through reinvestment of capital gains distributions and dividend reinvestment when purchasing shares of the same fund (but not any other fund within the fund family).

?

Shares purchased by employees and registered representatives of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC or its affiliates and their spouse or financial dependent as defined by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.

Class C to Class A share conversion

?

A shareholder in the fund's Class C shares will have their shares converted to Class A shares (or the appropriate share class) of the same fund if the shares are no longer subject to a CDSC and the conversion is consistent with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC's policies and procedures.

CDSC waivers on Class A and C shares available at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

?

Shares sold upon the death or disability of the shareholder.

?

Shares sold as part of a systematic withdrawal plan as described in the fund's prospectus.

?

Shares purchased in connection with a return of excess contributions from an IRA account.

?

Shares sold as part of a required minimum distribution for IRA and retirement accounts pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code.

?

Shares acquired through a right of reinstatement.

Front-end load discounts available at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: breakpoints, rights of accumulation & letters of intent

?

Breakpoints as described in the prospectus.

?

Rights of Accumulation ("ROA") which entitle shareholders to breakpoint discounts as described in the fund's prospectus will be automatically calculated based on the aggregated holding of fund family assets held by accounts within the purchaser's household at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Eligible fund family assets not held at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (including 529 program holdings, where applicable) may be included in the ROA calculation only if the shareholder notifies their financial advisor about such assets.

?

Letters of Intent ("LOI") which allow for breakpoint discounts based on anticipated purchases within a fund family, through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, over a 13-month period of time (if applicable).

This page intentionally left blank

This page intentionally left blank

FOR MORE INFORMATIONPlease read this Prospectus before you invest in the Fund and keep it for future reference.For information or shareholder questions contact:
? MAILPrudential Mutual Fund Services LLCP.O. Box 534432Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432? WEBSITEwww.pgim.com/investments? TELEPHONE(800) 225-1852(973) 367-3529(from outside the U.S.)


? E-DELIVERY

To receive your mutual fund documents on-line, go to pgim.com/investments/resource/edelivery and enroll.

Instead of receiving printed documents by mail, you will receive notification via email when new materials are

available. You can cancel your enrollment or change your email address at any time by visiting the website address

above.

The Annual and Semi-Annual Reports, Form N-CSR, and the SAI contain additional information about the Fund. In

Form N-CSR, you will find the Fund's annual and semi-annual financial statements. Shareholders may obtain free

copies of the SAI, Annual Report and Semi-Annual Report as well as other information about the Fund such as Fund

financial statements and may make other shareholder inquiries through the telephone number, address and website

listed above.

? STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

(incorporated by reference into this Prospectus)

? SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT

? ANNUAL REPORT

(contains a discussion of the market conditions and

investment strategies that significantly affected the

Fund's performance during the last fiscal year)

You can also obtain copies of Fund documents, including the SAI, from the SEC as follows (the SEC charges a fee tocopy documents):
? ELECTRONIC REQUESTpublicinfo@sec.gov ? VIA THE INTERNETon the EDGAR Database at www.sec.gov

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund
Share Class A         C         R         Z         R2        R4        R6
NASDAQ      PURAX     PURCX     PURRX     PURZX     PUREX     PURGX     PGRQX
CUSIP       744336108 744336306 744336405 744336504 744336678 744336660 744336876


MF182STAT The Fund's Investment Company Act File No. 811-08565



PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ?|? December 30, 2025

This Statement of Additional Information ("SAI") of PGIM Global Real Estate Fund ("Fund"), a series of Prudential Investment Portfolios 12 ("PIP 12"), is not a prospectus and should be read in conjunction with the Prospectus of the Fund dated December 30, 2025, as supplemented and amended from time to time. The Prospectus can be obtained, without charge, by calling (800) 225-1852 or by writing to Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC, P.O. Box 534432, Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432. This SAI has been incorporated by reference into the Fund's Prospectus.

PIP 12 has the following other series: PGIM US Real Estate Fund, PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund, PGIM Jennison Technology Fund, Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund and Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund, which are currently offered pursuant to separate prospectuses and separate SAIs. The information presented in this SAI applies only to the Fund.

The Fund's audited financial statements are incorporated into this SAI by reference to the Fund's 2025 Form N-CSR (File No. 811-08565). You may request a copy of the financial statements at no charge by calling (800) 225-1852.

PGIM GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FUND
A: PURAX  C: PURCX  R: PURRX Z: PURZX R2: PUREX    
R4: PURGX R6: PGRQX                                




To enroll in e-delivery, go to pgim.com/investments/resource/edelivery

MF182B3

Table of Contents

3  PART I
3  INTRODUCTION
3  GLOSSARY
4  FUND CLASSIFICATION, INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE & POLICIES
4  INVESTMENTS, INVESTMENT STRATEGIES AND RISKS
26 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS
28 INFORMATION ABOUT BOARD MEMBERS AND OFFICERS
37 MANAGEMENT & ADVISORY ARRANGEMENTS
42 OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS
43 DISTRIBUTION OF FUND SHARES
46 COMPUTATION OF OFFERING PRICE PER SHARE
47 PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS & BROKERAGE
49 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
51 PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AND CONTROL PERSONS
53 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
54 PART II
54 PURCHASE, REDEMPTION AND PRICING OF FUND SHARES
59 NET ASSET VALUE
60 SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
62 TAXES, DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
70 DISCLOSURE OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS
72 PROXY VOTING
73 CODES OF ETHICS
73 APPENDIX I: PROXY VOTING POLICIES OF THE SUBADVISER
75 APPENDIX II: DESCRIPTIONS OF SECURITY RATINGS


PART I

INTRODUCTION

This SAI sets forth information about the Fund. It provides information about certain securities, instruments, policies and strategies that are used by the Fund in seeking to achieve its objective. This SAI provides additional information about the Board of Trustees (hereafter referred to as "Board Members"), the advisory services provided to and the management fees paid by the Fund, information about other fees paid by and services provided to the Fund, and other information.

Before reading the SAI, you should consult the Glossary below, which defines certain of the terms used in the SAI:

GLOSSARY

Term                                          Definition
1933 Act                                      Securities Act of 1933, as amended
1934 Act                                      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
1940 Act                                      Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
1940 Act Laws, Interpretations and Exemptions 1940 Act, Exemptive order, SEC release, no-action letter or similar relief or interpretations, collectively
ADR                                           American Depositary Receipt
ADS                                           American Depositary Share
Board                                         Fund's Board of Directors or Trustees
Board Member                                  A trustee or director of the Fund's Board
CEA                                           Commodity Exchange Act, as amended
CFTC                                          U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Code                                          Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
CMO                                           Collateralized Mortgage Obligation
ETF                                           Exchange-Traded Fund
EDR                                           European Depositary Receipt
Fannie MaeFederal National Mortgage Association
FDIC                                          Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Fitch                                         Fitch Ratings, Inc.Freddie MacFederal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
GDR                                           Global Depositary Receipt
Ginnie Mae                                    Government National Mortgage Association
IPO                                           Initial Public Offering
IRS                                           Internal Revenue Service
LIBOR                                         London Interbank Offered Rate
Manager or PGIM InvestmentsPGIM Investments LLCMoody'sMoody's Investors Service, Inc.
NASDAQ                                        National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations
NAV                                           Net Asset Value
NRSRO                                         Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization
NYSE                                          New York Stock Exchange
OTC                                           Over the Counter
Prudential                                    Prudential Financial, Inc.
PMFS                                          Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC
QPTP                                          "Qualified publicly traded partnership" as the term is used in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
REIT                                          Real Estate Investment Trust
RIC                                           Regulated Investment Company, as the term is used in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
S&P                                           S&P Global Ratings


Term       Definition
SEC        U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
SOFR       Secured Overnight Financing Rate
World BankInternational Bank for Reconstruction and Development

FUND CLASSIFICATION, INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE & POLICIES

The Trust is an open-end management investment company.

The Fund is a diversified series of the Trust. The investment objectives of the Fund are capital appreciation and income.

REITs. The Fund may concentrate its investments in the following types of Equity REITs which are found in the Wilshire REIT Index: office industrial, hotel, mixed use and miscellaneous, shopping center, apartment, self storage, regional mall, health care, manufactured home, multi-family, factory outlet and industrial. The Fund may also invest in Mortgage REITs and Hybrid REITs. REITs can generally be classified as equity REITs, mortgage REITs and hybrid REITs. Equity REITs, which invest the majority of their assets directly in real property, derive their income primarily from rents. Equity REITs can also realize capital gains by selling properties that have appreciated in value. Mortgage REITs, which invest the majority of their assets in real estate mortgages, derive their income primarily from interest payments. Hybrid REITs combine the characteristics of both Equity REITs and mortgage REITs.

REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS. The Fund will enter into repurchase transactions only with parties meeting creditworthiness standards approved by the Fund's subadviser. In the event of a default or bankruptcy by a seller, the Fund may liquidate the collateral.

INVESTMENTS, INVESTMENT STRATEGIES AND RISKS

The principal investment policies and strategies of the Fund are described in the Fund's Prospectus. In addition, the Fund may from time to time also use the securities, instruments, policies and strategies that are further discussed below in seeking to achieve its objectives. Set forth below are descriptions of some of the types of investments and investment strategies that the Fund may use and the risks and considerations associated with those investments and investment strategies. Please also see the Fund's Prospectus and the Fund Classification, Investment Objective & Policies section of this SAI. The Fund also may invest from time to time in certain types of investments and investment strategies that are not discussed below or otherwise identified in this SAI. The order of the below investments, investment strategies and risks does not indicate the significance of any particular investment, investment strategy or risk.

ASIA-PACIFIC COUNTRIES INVESTMENTS RISK. In addition to the risks of foreign investing and the risks of investing in emerging markets, the developing market Asia-Pacific countries in which the Fund may invest are subject to certain additional or specific risks. There is a high concentration of market capitalization and trading volume in a small number of issuers representing a limited number of industries, as well as a high concentration of investors and financial intermediaries. Many of these markets also may be affected by developments with respect to more established markets in the region such as in Japan and Hong Kong. Brokers in developing market Asia-Pacific countries typically are fewer in number and less well capitalized than brokers in the United States. These factors, combined with the U.S. regulatory requirements for open-end investment companies and the restrictions on foreign investment discussed below, result in potentially fewer investment opportunities for the Fund and may have an adverse impact on the investment performance of the Fund.

Many Asia-Pacific countries may be subject to a greater degree of economic, political and social instability than is the case in the United States and Western European countries. Such instability may result from, among other things: (i) authoritarian governments or military involvement in political and economic decision-making, including changes in government through extra-constitutional means; (ii) popular unrest associated with demands for improved political, economic and social conditions; (iii) monsoons and other natural disasters may cause substantial economic disruptions in Asian countries; (iv) outbreaks of infectious illness or other public health threats may reduce consumer demand, result in travel restrictions or quarantines, and may generally have a significant effect on certain Asian economies; (v) internal insurgencies; (vi) hostile relations with neighboring countries; (vii) ethnic, religious and racial disaffection; (viii) nationalization of property and/or confiscatory taxation; and (ix) piracy of intellectual property, data and other security breaches, especially of data stored electronically. In addition, the governments of many such countries, such as India, Indonesia and Vietnam, have a heavy role in regulating and supervising the economy. Another risk common to most such countries is that the economy is heavily export oriented and, accordingly, is dependent upon international trade. The existence of overburdened infrastructure and obsolete financial systems also present risks in certain countries, as do environmental problems. Certain economies also depend to a significant degree upon exports of primary commodities and, therefore, are vulnerable to changes in commodity prices that, in turn, may be affected by a variety of factors.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 4

The legal systems in certain Asia-Pacific countries also may have an adverse impact on the Fund. For example, while the potential liability of a shareholder in a U.S. corporation with respect to acts of the corporation is generally limited to the amount of the shareholder's investment, the notion of limited liability is less clear in certain emerging market Asia-Pacific countries. Similarly, the rights of investors in developing market Asia-Pacific companies may be more limited than those of shareholders of U.S. corporations. It may be difficult or impossible to obtain and/or enforce a judgment in a developing market Asia-Pacific country.

Governments of many Asia-Pacific countries have exercised and continue to exercise substantial influence over many aspects of the private sector. In certain cases, the government owns or controls many companies, including the largest in the country. Accordingly, government actions in the future could have a significant effect on economic conditions in Asia-Pacific countries, which could affect private sector companies and the Fund itself, as well as the value of securities in the Fund's portfolio. In addition, economic statistics of developing market Asia-Pacific countries may be less reliable than economic statistics of more developed nations.

In addition to the relative lack of publicly available information about developing market Asia-Pacific issuers and the possibility that such issuers may not be subject to the same accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards as U.S. companies, inflation accounting rules in some developing market Asia-Pacific countries require companies that keep accounting records in the local currency, for both tax and accounting purposes, to restate certain assets and liabilities on the company's balance sheet in order to express items in terms of currency of constant purchasing power. Inflation accounting may indirectly generate losses or profits for certain developing market Asia-Pacific companies. Satisfactory custodial services for investment securities may not be available in some developing Asia-Pacific countries, which may result in the Fund incurring additional costs and delays in providing transportation and custody services for such securities outside such countries.

Certain Asia-Pacific countries are especially large debtors to commercial banks and foreign governments. Fund management may determine that, notwithstanding otherwise favorable investment criteria, it may not be practicable or appropriate to invest in a particular Asia-Pacific country. The Fund may invest in countries in which foreign investors, including management of the Fund, have had no or limited prior experience.

Certain Asian countries have democracies with relatively short histories, which may increase the risk of political instability. These countries have faced political and military unrest, and further unrest could present a risk to their local economies and securities markets. Indonesia and the Philippines have each experienced violence and terrorism, which has negatively impacted their economies. North Korea and South Korea each have substantial military capabilities, and historical tensions between the two countries present the risk of war. Escalated tensions involving the two countries and any outbreak of hostilities between the two countries, or even the threat of an outbreak of hostilities, could have a severe adverse effect on the entire Asian region. Certain Asian countries have also developed increasingly strained relationships with the U.S., and if these relations were to worsen, they could adversely affect Asian issuers that rely on the U.S. for trade. Political, religious, and border disputes persist in India. India has recently experienced and may continue to experience civil unrest and hostilities with certain of its neighboring countries. Increased political and social unrest in these geographic areas could adversely affect the performance of investments in this region.

Restrictions on Foreign Investments in Asia-Pacific Countries. Some Asia-Pacific countries prohibit or impose substantial restrictions on investments in their capital markets, particularly their equity markets, by foreign entities such as the Fund. As illustrations, certain countries may require governmental approval prior to investments by foreign persons or limit the amount of investment by foreign persons in a particular company or limit the investment by foreign persons to only a specific class of securities of a company which may have less advantageous terms (including price) than securities of the company available for purchase by nationals. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to obtain required governmental approvals in a timely manner. In addition, changes to restrictions on foreign ownership of securities subsequent to the Fund's purchase of such securities may have an adverse effect on the value of such shares. Certain countries may restrict investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to national interests.

The manner in which foreign investors may invest in companies in certain Asia-Pacific countries, as well as limitations on such investments, also may have an adverse impact on the operations of the Fund. For example, the Fund may be required in certain of such countries to invest initially through a local broker or other entity and then have the shares purchased re-registered in the name of the Fund. Re-registration may in some instances not be able to occur on a timely basis, resulting in a delay during which the Fund may be denied certain of its rights as an investor, including rights as to dividends or to be made aware of certain corporate actions. There also may be instances where the Fund places a purchase order but subsequently learns, at the time of re-registration, that the permissible allocation of the investment to foreign investors has been filled, depriving the Fund of the ability to make its desired investment at that time.

Substantial limitations may exist in certain countries with respect to the Fund's ability to repatriate investment income, capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by foreign investors. The Fund could be adversely affected by delays in, or a refusal to grant, any required governmental approval for repatriation of capital, as well as by the application to the Fund of any restrictions on investments. It is

possible that certain Asia-Pacific countries may restrict the ability of funds to repatriate proceeds of investments or other restrictions relating to their currencies or to securities of issuers in those countries. To the extent that such restrictions have the effect of making certain investments illiquid, securities may not be available to meet redemptions. Depending on a variety of financial factors, the percentage of the Fund's portfolio subject to currency controls may increase. In the event other countries impose similar controls, the portion of the Fund's assets that may be used to meet redemptions may be further decreased. Even where there is no outright restriction on repatriation of capital, the mechanics of repatriation may affect certain aspects of the operations of the Fund. In certain countries, banks or other financial institutions may be among the leading companies or have actively traded securities. The 1940 Act restricts the Fund's investments in any equity securities of an issuer that, in its most recent fiscal year, derived more than 15% of its revenues from "securities related activities," as defined by the rules thereunder and subject to certain exemptions. These provisions may restrict the Fund's investments in certain foreign banks and other financial institutions.

In addition to the risks listed above, investing in China (including in Chinese issuers that are listed on U.S. exchanges) presents additional risks. Investing in China involves a high degree of risk and special considerations not typically associated with investing in other more established economies or securities markets. Such risks may include: (a) the risk of nationalization or expropriation of assets or confiscatory taxation; (b) greater social, economic and political uncertainty (including the risk of war and social unrest); (c) dependency on exports and the corresponding importance of international trade; (d) the increasing competition from Asia's other low-cost emerging economies; (e) greater price volatility and significantly smaller market capitalization of securities markets; (f) substantially less liquidity, particularly of certain share classes of Chinese securities; (g) currency exchange rate fluctuations and the lack of available currency hedging instruments; (h) higher rates of inflation; (i) controls on foreign investment and limitations on repatriation of invested capital and on the Fund's ability to exchange local currencies for U.S. dollars; (j) greater governmental involvement in and control over the economy; (k) the risk that the Chinese government may decide not to continue to support the economic reform programs implemented since 1978 and could return to the prior, completely centrally planned, economy; (l) the fact that Chinese companies, particularly those located in China, may be smaller, less seasoned and newly-organized; (m) the difference in, or lack of, auditing and financial reporting standards which may result in unavailability of material information about issuers, particularly in China; (n) the fact that statistical information regarding the economy of China may be inaccurate or not comparable to statistical information regarding the U.S. or other economies; (o) the less extensive, and still developing, regulation of the securities markets, business entities and commercial transactions; (p) the fact that the settlement period of securities transactions in foreign markets may be longer; (q) the willingness and ability of the Chinese government to support the Chinese and Hong Kong economies and markets is uncertain; (r) the risk that Chinese authorities may intervene in the operations and structure of specific Chinese companies (particularly in the financial services and technology sector); (s) the risk that it may be more difficult, or impossible, to obtain and/or enforce a judgment than in other countries; and (t) the rapidity and erratic nature of growth, particularly in China, resulting in efficiencies and dislocations.

A series of executive orders issued in recent years prohibit the Fund from investing in certain companies and/or sectors, including those tied to the Chinese military or China's surveillance technology sector. The restrictions in these executive orders may force the subadviser to sell certain positions and may restrict the Fund from future investments the subadviser deems otherwise attractive.

Investments in China and Hong Kong are subject to certain political risks. Following the establishment of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") by the Communist Party in 1949, the Chinese government renounced various debt obligations incurred by China's predecessor governments, which obligations remain in default, and expropriated assets without compensation. There can be no assurance that the Chinese government will not take similar action in the future. The political reunification of China and Taiwan is a highly contentious issue and is unlikely to be settled in the near future. This situation poses a threat to Taiwan's economy and could negatively affect its stock market.

Hong Kong reverted to Chinese sovereignty on July 1, 1997 as a Special Administrative Region of the PRC under the principle of "one country, two systems." Although China is obligated to maintain the current capitalist economic and social system of Hong Kong through June 30, 2047, the continuation of economic and social freedoms enjoyed in Hong Kong is dependent on the government of China. Since 1997, there have been tensions between the Chinese government and many people in Hong Kong regarding China's perceived tightening of control over Hong Kong's semi-autonomous liberal political, economic, legal, and social framework. Recent protests may prompt the Chinese and Hong Kong governments to rapidly address Hong Kong's future relationship with mainland China, which remains unresolved. Due to the interconnected nature of the Hong Kong and Chinese economies, this instability in Hong Kong may cause uncertainty in the Hong Kong and Chinese markets. In addition, the Hong Kong dollar trades at a fixed exchange rate in relation to (or, is "pegged" to) the U.S. dollar, which has contributed to the growth and stability of the Hong Kong economy. However, it is uncertain how long the currency peg will continue or what effect the establishment of an alternative exchange rate system would have on the Hong Kong economy. Because the Fund's NAV is denominated in U.S. dollars, the establishment of an alternative exchange rate system could result in a decline in the Fund's NAV.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 6

The Chinese economy has grown rapidly during the past several years but there is no assurance that this growth rate will be maintained. In fact, the Chinese economy may experience a significant slowdown as a result of, among other things, a deterioration in global demand for Chinese exports, as well as contraction in spending on domestic goods by Chinese consumers. In addition, China may experience substantial rates of inflation or economic recessions, which would have a negative effect on the economy and securities market. Delays in enterprise restructuring, slow development of well-functioning financial markets and widespread corruption have also hindered performance of the Chinese economy. China continues to receive substantial pressure from trading partners to liberalize official currency exchange rates. Reduction in spending on Chinese products and services, institution of tariffs or other trade barriers or a downturn in any of the economies of China's key trading partners may have an adverse impact on the securities of Chinese issuers. The tax laws and regulations in the PRC are subject to change, including the issuance of authoritative guidance or enforcement, possibly with retroactive effect. The interpretation, applicability and enforcement of such laws by the PRC tax authorities are not as consistent and transparent as those of more developed nations, and may vary over time and from region to region. The application and enforcement of the PRC tax rules could have a significant adverse effect on the Fund and its investors, particularly in relation to capital gains withholding tax imposed upon non-residents. In addition, the accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards and practices applicable to Chinese companies may be less rigorous, and may result in significant differences between financial statements prepared in accordance with PRC accounting standards and practices and those prepared in accordance with international accounting standards.

Chinese companies listed on U.S. exchanges often use variable interest entities ("VIEs") in their structure. Instead of directly owning the equity securities of a Chinese operating company, in a VIE structure, a non-U.S. shell company (often organized in the Cayman Islands) that is listed and traded on a U.S. exchange enters into service contracts and other contracts with the Chinese operating company which provide the foreign shell company with exposure to the Chinese company. Although the U.S. listed shell company has no equity ownership of the Chinese operating company, the contractual arrangements provide the U.S. listed shell company economic exposure to the Chinese operating company and permit the U.S. listed shell company to consolidate the Chinese operating company into its financial statements. VIE structures are subject to legal and regulatory uncertainties and risks. Intervention by the Chinese government with respect to VIE structures or the non-enforcement of VIE-related contractual rights could significantly affect a Chinese operating company's business, the enforceability of the U.S. listed shell company's contractual arrangements with the Chinese operating company and the value of the U.S. listed stock. Intervention by the Chinese government could include nationalization of the Chinese operating company, confiscation of its assets, restrictions on operations and/or constraints on the use of VIE structures. In addition, because the Chinese operating company is not owned, directly or indirectly, by the U.S. listed shell company, the U.S. listed shell company cannot control the Chinese operating company and must rely on the Chinese operating company to perform its contractual obligations in order for the U.S. listed company to receive economic benefits.

Risk of Investing through Stock Connect . China A-shares ("A-shares") are equity securities of companies based in mainland China that trade on Chinese stock exchanges such as the Shanghai Stock Exchange ("SSE") and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ("SZSE"). Foreign investment in A-shares on the SSE and SZSE has historically not been permitted, other than through a license granted under regulations in the PRC known as the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor and Renminbi ("RMB") Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor systems. Each license permits investment in A-shares only up to a specified quota.

Investment in eligible A-shares listed and traded on the SSE is also permitted through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect program ("Stock Connect"). Stock Connect is a securities trading and clearing program established by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited ("HKSCC"), the SSE and China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited ("CSDCC") that aims to provide mutual stock market access between the PRC and Hong Kong by permitting investors to trade and settle shares on each market through their local exchanges. The Fund may invest in A-shares through Stock Connect or on such other stock exchanges in China which participate in Stock Connect from time to time. Under Stock Connect, the Fund's trading of eligible A-shares listed on the SSE would be effectuated through its Hong Kong broker.

Although no individual investment quotas or licensing requirements apply to investors in Stock Connect, trading through Stock Connect's Northbound Trading Link is subject to aggregate and daily investment quota limitations that require that buy orders for A-shares be rejected once the remaining balance of the relevant quota drops to zero or the daily quota is exceeded (although the Fund will be permitted to sell A-shares regardless of the quota balance). These limitations may restrict the Fund from investing in A-shares on a timely basis, which could affect the Fund's ability to effectively pursue its investment strategy. Investment quotas are also subject to change.

Investment in eligible A-shares through Stock Connect is subject to trading, clearance and settlement procedures that could pose risks to the Fund. A-shares purchased through Stock Connect generally may not be sold or otherwise transferred other than through Stock Connect in accordance with applicable rules. For example, PRC regulations require that in order for an investor to sell any A-shares on a certain trading day, there must be sufficient A-shares in the investor's account before the market opens on that day. If there are insufficient A-shares in the investor's account, the sell order will be rejected by the SSE. The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong ("SEHK") carries out pre-trade checking on sell orders of certain stocks listed on the SSE market ("SSE Securities") of its participants (i.e., stock

brokers) to ensure that this requirement is satisfied. While shares must be designated as eligible to be traded under Stock Connect, those shares may also lose such designation, and if this occurs, such shares may be sold but cannot be purchased through Stock Connect. In addition, Stock Connect will only operate on days when both the Chinese and Hong Kong markets are open for trading and when banks in both markets are open on the corresponding settlement days. Therefore, an investment in A-shares through Stock Connect may subject the Fund to a risk of price fluctuations on days where the Chinese market is open, but Stock Connect is not trading. Moreover, day (turnaround) trading is not permitted on the A-shares market. If an investor buys A-shares on day "T," the investor will only be able to sell the A-shares on or after day T+1. Further, since all trades of eligible Stock Connect A-shares must be settled in RMB, investors must have timely access to a reliable supply of offshore RMB, which cannot be guaranteed. There is also no assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation. Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect the Fund's investments. If the Fund holds a class of shares denominated in a local currency other than RMB, the Fund will be exposed to currency exchange risk if the Fund converts the local currency into RMB for investments in A-shares. The Fund may also incur conversion costs.

A-shares held through the nominee structure under Stock Connect will be held through HKSCC as nominee on behalf of investors. The precise nature and rights of the Fund as the beneficial owner of the SSE Securities through HKSCC as nominee is not well defined under PRC law. There is lack of a clear definition of, and distinction between, legal ownership and beneficial ownership under PRC law and there have been few cases involving a nominee account structure in the PRC courts. The exact nature and methods of enforcement of the rights and interests of the Fund under PRC law is also uncertain. In the unlikely event that HKSCC becomes subject to winding up proceedings in Hong Kong there is a risk that the SSE Securities may not be regarded as held for the beneficial ownership of the Fund or as part of the general assets of HKSCC available for general distribution to its creditors. Notwithstanding the fact that HKSCC does not claim proprietary interests in the SSE Securities held in its omnibus stock account in the CSDCC, the CSDCC as the share registrar for SSE listed companies will still treat HKSCC as one of the shareholders when it handles corporate actions in respect of such SSE Securities. HKSCC monitors the corporate actions affecting SSE Securities and keeps participants of Central Clearing and Settlement System ("CCASS") informed of all such corporate actions that require CCASS participants to take steps in order to participate in them. Investors may only exercise their voting rights by providing their voting instructions to the HKSCC through participants of the CCASS. All voting instructions from CCASS participants will be consolidated by HKSCC, who will then submit a combined single voting instruction to the relevant SSE-listed company.

The Fund's investments through Stock Connect's Northbound Trading Link are not covered by Hong Kong's Investor Compensation Fund. Hong Kong's Investor Compensation Fund is established to pay compensation to investors of any nationality who suffer pecuniary losses as a result of default of a licensed intermediary or authorized financial institution in relation to exchange-traded products in Hong Kong. In addition, since the Fund is carrying out Northbound trading through securities brokers in Hong Kong but not PRC brokers, it is not protected by the China Securities Investor Protection Fund in the PRC.

Market participants are able to participate in Stock Connect subject to meeting certain information technology capability, risk management and other requirements as may be specified by the relevant exchange and/or clearing house. Further, the "connectivity" in Stock Connect requires the routing of orders across the border of Hong Kong and the PRC, including the development of new information technology systems on the part of the SEHK and exchange participants. The actual effect on the market for trading A-shares with the introduction of large numbers of foreign investors is unknown. There is no assurance that these systems will function properly or will continue to be adapted to changes and developments in both markets. In the event that the relevant systems fail to function properly, trading in A-shares through Stock Connect could be disrupted.

Stock Connect is subject to regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities for both exchanges. New regulations may be issued from time to time by the regulators and stock exchanges in PRC and Hong Kong in connection with operations, legal enforcement and cross-border trades under Stock Connect. The Fund may be adversely affected as a result of such changes. Furthermore, the securities regimes and legal systems of PRC and Hong Kong differ significantly and issues may arise based on these differences. In addition, the Fund's investments in A-shares through Stock Connect are generally subject to Chinese securities regulations and listing rules, among other restrictions. Further, different fees, costs and taxes are imposed on foreign investors acquiring A-shares obtained through Stock Connect, and these fees, costs and taxes may be higher than comparable fees, costs and taxes imposed on owners of other securities providing similar investment exposure.

A-Share Market Suspension Risk. A-shares may only be bought from, or sold to, the Fund at times when the relevant A-shares may be sold or purchased on the relevant Chinese stock exchange. The A-shares market has historically had a higher propensity for trading suspensions than many other global equity markets. Trading suspensions in certain stocks could lead to greater market execution risk and costs for the Fund. The SSE currently applies a daily price limit, set at 10%, of the amount of fluctuation permitted in the prices of A-shares during a single trading day. The daily price limit refers to price movements only and does not restrict trading within the relevant limit. There can be no assurance that a liquid market on an exchange will exist for any particular A-share or for any particular time.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 8

BORROWING AND LEVERAGE. Unless noted otherwise, the Fund may borrow up to 33 ?1 ? 3 % of the value of its total assets (calculated at the time of the borrowing). The Fund may pledge up to 33 ?1 ? 3 % of its total assets to secure these borrowings. If the Fund's asset coverage for borrowings falls below 300%, the Fund will take prompt action to reduce borrowings. If the Fund borrows to invest in securities, any investment gains made on the securities in excess of interest paid on the borrowing will cause the NAV of the shares to rise faster than would otherwise be the case. On the other hand, if the investment performance of the additional securities purchased fails to cover their cost (including any interest paid on the money borrowed) to the Fund, the NAV of the Fund's shares will decrease faster than would otherwise be the case. This is the speculative factor known as "leverage." In addition, the Fund may use certain investment management techniques (collectively, "effective leverage"), such as certain derivatives, that may provide leverage and are not subject to the borrowing limitation noted above.

The Fund may borrow from time to time, at the discretion of the subadviser, to take advantage of investment opportunities, when yields on available investments exceed interest rates and other expenses of related borrowing, or when, in the subadviser's opinion, unusual market conditions otherwise make it advantageous for the Fund to increase its investment capacity. The Fund will only borrow when there is an expectation that it will benefit the Fund after taking into account considerations such as interest income and possible losses upon liquidation. Borrowing by the Fund creates an opportunity for increased net income but, at the same time, creates risks, including the fact that leverage may exaggerate changes in the NAV of Fund shares and in the yield on the Fund. Unless otherwise stated, the Fund may borrow through forward rolls, dollar rolls or reverse repurchase agreements.

CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES. The Fund may invest in convertible securities. Convertible securities entitle the holder to receive interest payments paid on corporate debt securities or the dividend preference on a preferred stock until such time as the convertible security matures or is redeemed or until the holder elects to exercise the conversion privilege.

The characteristics of convertible securities make them appropriate investments for an investment company seeking long-term capital appreciation and/or total return. These characteristics include the potential for capital appreciation as the value of the underlying common stock increases, the relatively high yield received from dividend or interest payments as compared to common stock dividends and decreased risks of decline in value relative to the underlying common stock due to their fixed income nature. As a result of the conversion feature, however, the interest rate or dividend preference on a convertible security is generally less than would be the case if the securities were issued in nonconvertible form.

In analyzing convertible securities, the subadviser will consider both the yield on the convertible security relative to its credit quality and the potential capital appreciation that is offered by the underlying common stock, among other things.

Convertible securities are issued and traded in a number of securities markets. Even in cases where a substantial portion of the convertible securities held by the Fund are denominated in U.S. dollars, the underlying equity securities may be quoted in the currency of the country where the issuer is domiciled. With respect to convertible securities denominated in a currency different from that of the underlying equity securities, the conversion price may be based on a fixed exchange rate established at the time the security is issued. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the currency in which the debt security is denominated and the currency in which the share price is quoted will affect the value of the convertible security. As described below, the Fund is authorized to enter into foreign currency hedging transactions in which the Fund may seek to reduce the effect of such fluctuations.

Apart from currency considerations, the value of convertible securities is influenced by both the yield of nonconvertible securities of comparable issuers and by the value of the underlying common stock. The value of a convertible security viewed without regard to its conversion feature (i.e., strictly on the basis of its yield) is sometimes referred to as its "investment value." To the extent interest rates change, the investment value of the convertible security typically will fluctuate. However, at the same time, the value of the convertible security will be influenced by its "conversion value," which is the market value of the underlying common stock that would be obtained if the convertible security were converted. Conversion value fluctuates directly with the price of the underlying common stock. If, because of a low price of the common stock, the conversion value is substantially below the investment value of the convertible security, the price of the convertible security is governed principally by its investment value.

To the extent the conversion value of a convertible security increases to a point that approximates or exceeds its investment value, the price of the convertible security will be influenced principally by its conversion value. A convertible security will sell at a premium over the conversion value to the extent investors place value on the right to acquire the underlying common stock while holding a fixed income security. The yield and conversion premium of convertible securities issued in Japan and the Euromarket are frequently determined at levels that cause the conversion value to affect their market value more than the securities' investment value.

Holders of convertible securities generally have a claim on the assets of the issuer prior to the common stockholders but may be subordinated to other debt securities of the same issuer. A convertible security may be subject to redemption at the option of the issuer at a price established in the charter provision, indenture or other governing instrument pursuant to which the convertible security was

issued. If a convertible security held by the Fund is called for redemption, the Fund will be required to redeem the security, convert it into the underlying common stock or sell it to a third party. Certain convertible debt securities may provide a put option to the holder, which entitles the holder to cause the security to be redeemed by the issuer at a premium over the stated principal amount of the debt security under certain circumstances.

Synthetic convertible securities may be either (i) a debt security or preferred stock that may be convertible only under certain contingent circumstances or that may pay the holder a cash amount based on the value of shares of underlying common stock partly or wholly in lieu of a conversion right (a "Cash-Settled Convertible"), (ii) a combination of separate securities chosen by the subadviser in order to create the economic characteristics of a convertible security, i.e., a fixed income security paired with a security with equity conversion features, such as an option or warrant (a "Manufactured Convertible") or (iii) a synthetic security manufactured by another party.

Synthetic convertible securities may include either Cash-Settled Convertibles or Manufactured Convertibles. Cash-Settled Convertibles are instruments that are created by the issuer and have the economic characteristics of traditional convertible securities but may not actually permit conversion into the underlying equity securities in all circumstances. As an example, a private company may issue a Cash-Settled Convertible that is convertible into common stock only if the company successfully completes a public offering of its common stock prior to maturity and otherwise pays a cash amount to reflect any equity appreciation. Manufactured Convertibles are created by the subadviser by combining separate securities that possess one of the two principal characteristics of a convertible security, i.e., fixed income ("fixed income component") or a right to acquire equity securities ("convertibility component"). The fixed income component is achieved by investing in nonconvertible fixed income securities, such as nonconvertible bonds, preferred stocks and money market instruments. The convertibility component is achieved by investing in call options, warrants, or other securities with equity conversion features ("equity features") granting the holder the right to purchase a specified quantity of the underlying stocks within a specified period of time at a specified price or, in the case of a stock index option, the right to receive a cash payment based on the value of the underlying stock index.

A Manufactured Convertible differs from traditional convertible securities in several respects. Unlike a traditional convertible security, which is a single security having a unitary market value, a Manufactured Convertible is comprised of two or more separate securities, each with its own market value. Therefore, the total "market value" of such a Manufactured Convertible is the sum of the values of its fixed income component and its convertibility component.

More flexibility is possible in the creation of a Manufactured Convertible than in the purchase of a traditional convertible security. Because many corporations have not issued convertible securities, the subadviser may combine a fixed income instrument and an equity feature with respect to the stock of the issuer of the fixed income instrument to create a synthetic convertible security otherwise unavailable in the market. The subadviser may also combine a fixed income instrument of an issuer with an equity feature with respect to the stock of a different issuer when the subadviser believes such a Manufactured Convertible would better promote the Fund's objective(s) than alternate investments. For example, the subadviser may combine an equity feature with respect to an issuer's stock with a fixed income security of a different issuer in the same industry to diversify the Fund's credit exposure, or with a U.S. Treasury instrument to create a Manufactured Convertible with a higher credit profile than a traditional convertible security issued by that issuer. A Manufactured Convertible also is a more flexible investment in that its two components may be purchased separately and, upon purchasing the separate securities, "combined" to create a Manufactured Convertible. For example, the Fund may purchase a warrant for eventual inclusion in a Manufactured Convertible while postponing the purchase of a suitable bond to pair with the warrant pending development of more favorable market conditions.

The value of a Manufactured Convertible may respond differently to certain market fluctuations than would a traditional convertible security with similar characteristics. For example, in the event the Fund created a Manufactured Convertible by combining a short-term U.S. Treasury instrument and a call option on a stock, the Manufactured Convertible would likely outperform a traditional convertible of similar maturity that is convertible into that stock during periods when Treasury instruments outperform corporate fixed income securities and underperform during periods when corporate fixed income securities outperform Treasury instruments.

CURRENCY FUTURES . The Fund may seek to enhance returns or hedge against the decline in the value of a currency through use of currency futures or options thereon. Currency futures are similar to forward foreign exchange transactions except that futures are standardized, exchange-traded contracts. See the sub-section entitled "Futures." Currency futures involve substantial currency risk, and also involve leverage risk.

CURRENCY OPTIONS . The Fund may seek to enhance returns or hedge against the decline in the value of a currency against the U.S. dollar through the use of currency options. Currency options are similar to options on securities, but in consideration for an option premium the writer of a currency option is obligated to sell (in the case of a call option) or purchase (in the case of a put option) a specified amount of a specified currency on or before the expiration date for a specified amount of another currency. The Fund may

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 10

engage in transactions in options on currencies either on exchanges or OTC markets. See "Types of Options" and "Additional Risk Factors of OTC Transactions; Limitations on the Use of OTC Derivatives" in this SAI. Currency options involve substantial currency risk, and may also involve credit, leverage or liquidity risk.

CYBER SECURITY RISK. The Fund is susceptible to operational, information security and other risks related to the use of technology, computer systems and the Internet to conduct business. These risks, which are often collectively referred to as "cyber security" risks, may include deliberate or malicious attacks, as well as unintentional events and occurrences. Cyber security is generally defined as the technology, operations and related protocol surrounding and protecting a user's computer hardware, network, systems and applications and the data transmitted and stored therewith. These measures ensure the reliability of a user's systems, as well as the security, availability, integrity, and confidentiality of data assets.

Deliberate cyber attacks can include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to computer systems in order to misappropriate and/or disclose sensitive or confidential information; deleting, corrupting or modifying data; and causing operational disruptions. Cyber attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-service attacks on websites (in order to prevent access to computer networks). In addition to deliberate breaches engineered by external actors, cyber security risks can also result from the conduct of malicious, exploited or careless insiders, whose actions may result in the destruction, release or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information stored on an organization's systems.

Cyber security failures or breaches, whether deliberate or unintentional, arising from the Fund's third-party service providers (e.g., custodians, financial intermediaries, transfer agents), subadviser, shareholder usage of unsecure systems to access personal accounts, as well as breaches suffered by the issuers of securities in which the Fund invests, may cause significant disruptions in the business operations of the Fund. Potential impacts may include, but are not limited to, potential financial losses for the Fund and the issuers' securities, the inability of shareholders to conduct transactions with the Fund, an inability of the Fund to calculate NAV, and disclosures of personal or confidential shareholder information.

In addition to direct impacts on Fund shareholders, cyber security failures by the Fund and/or its service providers and others may result in regulatory inquiries, regulatory proceedings, regulatory and/or legal and litigation costs to the Fund, and reputational damage. The Fund may incur reimbursement and other expenses, including the costs of litigation and litigation settlements and additional compliance costs. The Fund may also incur considerable expenses in enhancing and upgrading computer systems and systems security following a cyber security failure.

The rapid proliferation of technologies, as well as the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and others continue to pose new and significant cyber security threats. Although the Fund and its service providers and subadviser may have established business continuity plans and risk management systems to mitigate cyber security risks, there can be no guarantee or assurance that such plans or systems will be effective, or that all risks that exist, or may develop in the future, have been completely anticipated and identified or can be protected against. Furthermore, the Fund cannot control or assure the efficacy of the cyber security plans and systems implemented by third-party service providers, the subadviser, and the issuers in which the Fund invests.

DEBT SECURITIES. The Fund may invest in debt securities, such as bonds, that involve credit risk. This is the risk that the issuer will not make timely payments of principal and interest. The degree of credit risk depends on the issuer's financial condition and on the terms of the bonds. Changes in an issuer's credit rating or the market's perception of an issuer's creditworthiness may also affect the value of the Fund's investment in that issuer. Credit risk is reduced to the extent the Fund invests its assets in U.S. Government securities. Certain debt securities, however, may be subject to interest rate risk. This is the risk that the value of the security may fall when interest rates rise. In general, the market price of debt securities with longer maturities will go up or down more in response to changes in interest rates than the market price of shorter-term securities. The Fund may lose money if short-term or long-term interest rates rise sharply or in a manner not anticipated by the subadviser.

DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS. The Fund may invest in the securities of foreign issuers in the form of Depositary Receipts or other securities convertible into securities of foreign issuers. Depositary Receipts may not necessarily be denominated in the same currency as the underlying securities into which they may be converted. ADRs and ADSs are receipts or shares typically issued by an American bank or trust company that evidence ownership of underlying securities issued by a foreign corporation. EDRs are receipts issued in Europe that evidence a similar ownership arrangement. GDRs are receipts issued throughout the world that evidence a similar arrangement. Generally, ADRs and ADSs, in registered form, are designed for use in the U.S. securities markets, and EDRs, in bearer form, are designed for use in European securities markets. GDRs are tradable both in the United States and in Europe and are designed for use throughout the world. International Depositary Receipts ("IDRs") are the non-U.S. equivalent of an ADR.

The Fund may invest in unsponsored Depositary Receipts. The issuers of unsponsored Depositary Receipts are not obligated to disclose material information in the United States, and, therefore, there may be less information available regarding such issuers and there may not be a correlation between such information and the market value of the Depositary Receipts. Depositary Receipts are generally subject to the same risks as the foreign securities that they evidence or into which they may be converted or exchanged.

DERIVATIVES. The Fund may use instruments referred to as derivatives. Derivatives are financial instruments the value of which is derived from another security, a commodity (such as gold or oil), a currency or an index (a measure of value or rates, such as the S&P 500 Index or the prime lending rate). Derivatives allow the Fund to increase or decrease the level of risk to which the Fund is exposed more quickly and efficiently than transactions in other types of instruments. The Fund may use derivatives for hedging purposes. The Fund may also use derivatives to seek to enhance returns. The use of a derivative is speculative if the Fund is primarily seeking to achieve gains, rather than offset the risk of other positions. When the Fund invests in a derivative for speculative purposes, the Fund will be fully exposed to the risks of loss of that derivative, which may sometimes be greater than the derivative's cost. The Fund may not use any derivative to gain exposure to an asset or class of assets that the Fund would be prohibited by its investment restrictions from purchasing directly. The Fund's use of derivatives may be limited by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder, as discussed in more detail below under Regulatory Risk .

Risk Factors Involving Derivatives. Derivatives are volatile and involve significant risks, including:

Correlation Risk - the risk that changes in the value of a derivative will not match the changes in the value of the portfolio holdings that are being hedged or of the particular market or security to which the Fund seeks exposure.

Counterparty Risk -the risk that the counterparty on a derivative transaction will be unable to honor its financial obligation to the Fund. In particular, derivatives traded in OTC markets are not guaranteed by an exchange or clearing firm and often do not require payment of margin. The Fund is at risk to the extent that the Fund has unrealized gains or has deposited collateral with a counterparty and the counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to honor its obligations.

Currency Risk -the risk that changes in the exchange rate between two currencies will adversely affect the value (in U.S. dollar terms) of an investment.

Illiquidity Risk- the risk that certain securities or instruments may be difficult or impossible to sell at the time that the seller would like or at the price that the seller believes the security is currently worth. Illiquidity risk is substantial for certain OTC derivatives, including swaps and OTC options. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to unwind or offset a derivative at its desired price, in a secondary market or otherwise.

Index Risk- a derivative linked to the performance of an index will be subject to the risks associated with changes in that index .

Legal Risk- the risk of insufficient documentation, the lack of capacity or authority of a counterparty to execute or settle a transaction, and the legality and enforceability of a derivatives contract.

Leverage Risk- the risk that the Fund's derivatives transactions can magnify the Fund's gains and losses. Relatively small market movements may result in large changes in the value of a derivatives position. Certain investments or trading strategies that involve leverage can result in losses that greatly exceed the amount originally invested.

Market Risk - the risk that changes in the value of one or more markets or changes with respect to the value of the underlying asset will adversely affect the value of a derivative. In the event of an adverse movement, the Fund may be required to pay substantial additional margin to maintain its position.

Operational Risk - the risk related to potential operational issues, including documentation issues, settlement issues, systems failures, inadequate controls and human error.

Regulatory Risk -the risk that new regulation of derivatives may make them more costly, may limit their availability, or may otherwise affect their value or performance. Derivative contracts, including, without limitation, swaps, currency forwards, and non-deliverable forwards ("NDFs"), are subject to regulation under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act") in the United States and under comparable regimes in Europe, Asia and other non-U.S. jurisdictions. Swaps, NDFs and certain other derivatives traded in the OTC market are subject to variation margin requirements. Implementation of the margining and other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act regarding clearing, mandatory trading, reporting and documentation of swaps and other derivatives have impacted and may continue to impact the costs to the Fund of trading these instruments and, as a result, may affect returns to investors in the Fund.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 12

Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act permits the Fund to enter into derivatives transactions and certain other transactions notwithstanding restrictions on the issuance of "senior securities" in the 1940 Act. Derivatives transactions as defined by Rule 18f-4 include, among other things, swaps, futures, forwards, options, short sale borrowings, reverse repurchase agreements and other financing transactions (if the Fund elects to treat such financing transactions as securities), when-issued and forward-settling securities in some circumstances, or any instrument for which the Fund is required to make any payment or delivery of an asset during the life of the instrument or at maturity, whether as margin, settlement payment or otherwise. Rule 18f-4 requires that, among other things, the Fund establish and maintain a derivatives risk management program and appoint a derivatives risk manager, who is appointed by the Board, including a majority of Independent Board Members and periodically reviews the program and reports to the Board. In addition, the Fund must comply with a relative or absolute limit on leverage risk calculated based on value-at-risk.

Rule 18f-4 excepts from some of the requirements, including establishing a derivatives risk management program and calculating value-at-risk, a fund whose derivatives exposure is limited to 10% of its net assets and which has adopted policies and procedures designed to manage derivatives risks.

The use of derivatives for hedging purposes involves additional correlation risk. If the value of the derivative moves more or less than the value of the hedged instruments, the Fund will experience a gain or loss that will not be completely offset by movements in the value of the hedged instruments.

The Fund generally intends to enter into transactions involving derivatives only if there appears to be a liquid market for such instruments. However, there can be no assurance that, at any specific time, either a liquid market will exist for a derivative or the Fund will otherwise be able to sell such instrument at an acceptable price. It may therefore not be possible to close a position in a derivative without incurring substantial losses, if at all.

Additional Risk Factors Of OTC Transactions; Limitations On The Use Of OTC Derivatives. Certain derivatives traded in OTC markets, including indexed securities, certain swaps and OTC options, involve substantial liquidity risk. The absence of liquidity may make it difficult or impossible for the Fund to sell such instruments promptly at an acceptable price. The absence of liquidity may also make it more difficult for the Fund to ascertain a market value for such instruments.

Because derivatives traded in OTC markets are not guaranteed by an exchange or clearing corporation and generally do not require payment of margin, to the extent that the Fund has unrealized gains in such instruments or has deposited collateral with its counterparties, the Fund is at risk that its counterparties will become bankrupt or otherwise fail to honor their obligations. The Fund will attempt to minimize the risk that a counterparty will become bankrupt or otherwise fail to honor its obligations by engaging in transactions in derivatives traded in OTC markets only with financial institutions that appear to have substantial capital or that have provided the Fund with a third-party guaranty or other credit enhancement.

EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENTS. The Fund may invest in the securities of issuers domiciled in various countries with emerging capital markets. Specifically, a country with an emerging capital market is any country that the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation, the United Nations or its authorities has determined to have a low or middle income economy. Countries with emerging markets can be found in regions such as Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Africa.

Investments in the securities of issuers domiciled in countries with emerging capital markets involve certain additional risks not involved in investments in securities of issuers in more developed capital markets, such as (i) low or non-existent trading volume, resulting in a lack of liquidity and increased volatility in prices for such securities, as compared to securities of comparable issuers in more developed capital markets, (ii) uncertain national policies and social, political and economic instability, increasing the potential for expropriation of assets, confiscatory taxation, high rates of inflation or unfavorable diplomatic developments, (iii) fluctuations in exchange rates, differing legal systems and the existence or possible imposition of exchange controls, custodial restrictions or other non-U.S. or U.S.

governmental laws or restrictions applicable to such investments, (iv) national policies that may limit the Fund's investment opportunities such as restrictions on investment in issuers or industries deemed sensitive to national interests, (v) the lack or relatively early development of legal structures governing private and non-U.S. investments and private property, (vi) substantial difficulties U.S. governmental entities may have in bringing and enforcing actions against non-U.S. companies and non-U.S. persons, including company directors and officers, and (vii) the difficulty of bringing shareholder claims to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in certain emerging markets. In addition to withholding taxes on investment income, some countries with emerging markets may impose differential capital gains taxes on non-U.S. investors.

Such capital markets are emerging in a dynamic political and economic environment brought about by events over recent years that have reshaped political boundaries and traditional ideologies. In such a dynamic environment, there can be no assurance that these capital markets will continue to present viable investment opportunities for the Fund. In the past, governments of such nations have

expropriated substantial amounts of private property, and most claims of the property owners have never been fully settled. There is no assurance that such expropriations will not reoccur. In such an event, it is possible that the Fund could lose the entire value of its investments in the affected markets.

Also, there may be less publicly available information about issuers in emerging markets than would be available about issuers in more developed capital markets, and such issuers may not be subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements comparable to those governing U.S. companies. In certain countries with emerging capital markets, reporting standards vary widely. As a result, traditional investment measurements used in the United States, such as price/earnings ratios, may not be applicable. Emerging market securities may be substantially less liquid and more volatile than those of mature markets, and companies may be held by a limited number of persons. This may adversely affect the timing and pricing of the Fund's acquisition or disposal of securities.

Practices in relation to settlement of securities transactions in emerging markets involve higher risks than those in developed markets, in part because the Fund will need to use brokers and counterparties that are less well capitalized, and custody and registration of assets in some countries may be unreliable. The possibility of fraud, negligence, undue influence being exerted by the issuer or refusal to recognize ownership exists in some emerging markets, and, along with other factors, could result in ownership registration being completely lost. The Fund would absorb any loss resulting from such registration problems and may have no successful claim for compensation.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ("ESG") INTEGRATION. Although the Fund does not seek to implement a specific ESG, impact or sustainability strategy unless specifically disclosed in its Prospectus, ESG considerations deemed by the subadviser to be financially or otherwise material to the issuer may be taken into account in the subadviser's stock selection process. ESG considerations will vary depending on the Fund's particular investment strategies, may not be determinative in deciding to include or exclude any particular investment in the portfolio and are not the sole consideration when making investment decisions for the Fund. Investors can differ in their views of what constitutes an ESG consideration - whether positive or negative - and, as a result, any ESG considerations employed in the investment process may differ from the views of a particular investor. ESG considerations may affect the Fund's exposure to certain companies or industries. The Fund is not required to take ESG considerations into account in determining whether to include, maintain or exclude any potential investment unless specifically disclosed in its Prospectus.

EUROPE RECENT EVENTS RISK . A number of countries in Europe have experienced severe economic and financial difficulties. Many non-governmental issuers, and even certain governments, have defaulted on, or been forced to restructure, their debts; many other issuers have faced difficulties obtaining credit or refinancing existing obligations; financial institutions have in many cases required government or central bank support, have needed to raise capital, and/or have been impaired in their ability to extend credit; and financial markets in Europe and elsewhere have experienced extreme volatility and declines in asset values and liquidity. These difficulties may continue, worsen or spread within and beyond Europe. Responses to the financial problems by European governments, central banks and others, including austerity measures and reforms, may not work, may result in social unrest and may limit future growth and economic recovery or have other unintended consequences. Further defaults or restructurings by governments and others of their debt could have additional adverse effects on economies, financial markets and asset valuations around the world.

In addition, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical tensions. The United States and many other countries have instituted various economic sanctions against Russian individuals and entities (including corporate and banking). The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions imposed and other punitive action taken and resulting future market disruptions in Europe and globally cannot be easily predicted, but could be significant and have a severe adverse effect on Russia and Europe in general, including significant negative impacts on the economy, sovereign debt and the markets for certain securities and commodities, such as oil and natural gas. This conflict may expand and military attacks could occur elsewhere in Europe. The potential for wider conflict may increase financial market volatility and could have severe adverse effects on regional and global economic markets. Europe has also been struggling with mass migration. The impact of these actions, especially if they occur in a disorderly fashion, is not clear but could be significant and far-reaching. Whether or not the Fund invests in securities of issuers located in Europe or with significant exposure to European issuers or countries, these events could negatively affect the value and relative liquidity of the Fund's investments. Further, due to closures of certain markets and restrictions on trading certain securities, the value of certain securities held by the Fund could be significantly impacted, which could lead to such securities being valued at zero. The occurrence of terrorist incidents throughout Europe could also impact financial markets globally.

EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS ("ETFs"). The Fund may invest in ETFs, which may be unit investment trusts or open-end management investment companies. ETFs may hold portfolios of securities designed to track the performance of various broad securities indices or sectors of such indices or ETFs may be actively managed. ETFs provide another means, in addition to futures and options on indices, of including exposure to global equities, global bonds, commodities and currencies markets in the Fund's investment portfolio. The Fund will indirectly bear its proportionate share of any management fees and other expenses paid by such ETF.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 14

FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTIONS . The Fund may engage in spot and forward foreign exchange transactions and currency swaps, purchase and sell options on currencies and purchase and sell currency futures and related options thereon (collectively, "Currency Instruments") for purposes of hedging against the decline in the value of currencies in which its portfolio holdings are denominated against the U.S. dollar or to seek to enhance returns. Such transactions could be effected with respect to hedges on non-U.S. dollar denominated securities owned by the Fund, sold by the Fund but not yet delivered, or committed or anticipated to be purchased by the Fund.

As an illustration, the Fund may use such techniques to hedge the stated value in U.S. dollars of an investment in a yen-denominated security. In such circumstances, for example, the Fund may purchase a foreign currency put option enabling the Fund to sell a specified amount of yen for dollars at a specified price by a future date. To the extent the hedge is successful, a loss in the value of the yen relative to the dollar will tend to be offset by an increase in the value of the put option. To offset, in whole or in part, the cost of acquiring such a put option, the Fund may also sell a call option which, if exercised, requires the Fund to sell a specified amount of yen for dollars at a specified price by a future date (a technique called a "straddle"). By selling such a call option in this illustration, the Fund gives up the opportunity to profit without limit from increases in the relative value of the yen to the dollar. Straddles of the type that may be used by the Fund are considered to constitute hedging transactions and are consistent with the policies described above. The Fund will not attempt to hedge all of its foreign portfolio positions.

Forward Foreign Exchange Transactions . Forward foreign exchange transactions are OTC contracts to purchase or sell a specified amount of a specified currency or multinational currency unit at a price and specified future date set at the time of the contract. Spot foreign exchange transactions are similar but require current, rather than future, settlement. The Fund will enter into foreign exchange transactions for purposes of hedging either a specific transaction or a portfolio position, or to seek to enhance returns. The Fund may enter into a foreign exchange transaction for purposes of hedging a specific transaction by, for example, purchasing a currency needed to settle a security transaction or selling a currency in which the Fund has received or anticipates receiving a dividend or distribution.

The Fund may enter into a foreign exchange transaction for purposes of hedging a portfolio position by selling forward a currency in which a portfolio position of the Fund is denominated or by purchasing a currency in which the Fund anticipates acquiring a portfolio position in the near future. The Fund may also hedge portfolio positions through currency swaps, which are transactions in which one currency is simultaneously bought for a second currency on a spot basis and sold for the second currency on a forward basis. Forward foreign exchange transactions involve substantial currency risk, and also involve credit and liquidity risk.

FOREIGN INVESTMENTS. The Fund may invest in foreign equity and/or debt securities. Foreign debt securities include certain foreign bank obligations and U.S. dollar or foreign currency-denominated obligations of foreign governments or their subdivisions, agencies and instrumentalities, international agencies and supranational entities.

Certain Risks of Holding Fund Assets Outside the United States. The Fund generally holds its foreign securities and cash in foreign banks and securities depositories. Some foreign banks and securities depositories may be recently organized or new to the foreign custody business. In addition, there may be limited or no regulatory oversight over their operations. Also, the laws of certain countries may put limits on the Fund's ability to recover its assets if a foreign bank or depository or issuer of a security or any of their agents goes bankrupt. In addition, it is often more expensive for the Fund to buy, sell and hold securities in certain foreign markets than in the United States. The increased expense of investing in foreign markets reduces the amount the Fund can earn on its investments and typically results in a higher operating expense ratio for the Fund as compared to investment companies that invest only in the United States.

Currency Risk and Exchange Risk. Securities in which the Fund invests may be denominated or quoted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates will affect the value of the Fund's portfolio. Generally, when the U.S. dollar rises in value against a foreign currency, a security denominated in that currency loses value because the currency is worth fewer U.S. dollars. Conversely, when the U.S. dollar decreases in value against a foreign currency, a security denominated in that currency gains value because the currency is worth more U.S. dollars. This risk, generally known as "currency risk," means that a stronger U.S. dollar will reduce returns on foreign currency denominated securities for U.S. investors while a weak U.S. dollar will increase those returns.

Foreign Economy Risk. The economies of certain foreign markets often do not compare favorably with that of the United States with respect to such issues as growth of gross national product, reinvestment of capital, resources, and balance of payments position. Certain such economies may rely heavily on particular industries or foreign capital and are more vulnerable to diplomatic developments, the imposition of economic sanctions against a particular country or countries, changes in international trading patterns, trade barriers, and other protectionist or retaliatory measures. Investments in foreign markets may also be adversely affected by governmental actions such as the imposition of capital controls, nationalization of companies or industries, expropriation of assets, or the imposition of punitive taxes. In addition, the governments of certain countries may prohibit or impose substantial restrictions on foreign investing in their capital markets or in certain industries. Any of these actions could severely affect security prices, impair the Fund's ability to purchase or

sell foreign securities or transfer the Fund's assets or income back into the United States, or otherwise adversely affect the Fund's operations. Other foreign market risks include foreign exchange controls, difficulties in pricing securities, defaults on foreign government securities, difficulties in enforcing favorable legal judgments in foreign courts, and political and social instability. Legal remedies available to investors in certain foreign countries may be less extensive than those available to investors in the United States or other foreign countries.

Foreign Market Risk. Foreign securities offer the potential for more diversification than if the Fund invests only in the United States because securities traded on foreign markets have often (though not always) performed differently from securities in the United States. However, such investments involve special risks not present in U.S. investments that can increase the chances that the Fund will lose money. In particular, the Fund is subject to the risk that, because there are generally fewer investors on foreign exchanges and a smaller number of shares traded each day, it may be difficult for the Fund to buy and sell securities on those exchanges. In addition, prices of foreign securities may fluctuate more than prices of securities traded in the United States.

Governmental Supervision and Regulation/Accounting Standards. Many foreign governments supervise and regulate stock exchanges, brokers and the sale of securities less rigorously than the United States. Some countries may not have laws to protect investors comparable to the U.S. securities laws. For example, some foreign countries may have no laws or rules against insider trading. Insider trading occurs when a person buys or sells a company's securities based on nonpublic information about that company. Accounting standards in other countries are not necessarily the same as in the United States and auditors may not be subject to the same level of oversight. If the accounting standards in another country do not require as much detail as U.S. accounting standards, it may be harder for Fund management to completely and accurately determine a company's financial condition.

Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance procedures in certain foreign markets differ significantly from those in the United States. Foreign settlement procedures and trade regulations also may involve certain risks (such as delays in payment for or delivery of securities) not typically generated by the settlement of U.S. investments. Communications between the United States and emerging market countries may be unreliable, increasing the risk of delayed settlements or losses of security certificates. Settlements in certain foreign countries at times have not kept pace with the number of securities transactions; these problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out transactions. If the Fund cannot settle or there is a delay in settling a purchase of securities, the Fund may miss attractive investment opportunities and certain assets may be uninvested with no return earned thereon for some period. If the Fund cannot settle or there is a delay in settling a sale of securities, the Fund may lose money if the value of the security then declines or, if there is a contract to sell the security to another party, the Fund could be liable to that party for any losses incurred.

Dividends or interest on, or proceeds from the sale of, foreign securities may be subject to foreign withholding taxes, thereby reducing the amount available for distribution to shareholders.

FUTURES. The Fund may engage in transactions in futures and options thereon. Futures are standardized, exchange-traded contracts which obligate a purchaser to take delivery, and a seller to make delivery, of a specific amount of an asset at a specified future date at a specified price. No price is paid upon entering into a futures contract. Rather, upon purchasing or selling a futures contract the Fund is required to deposit collateral ("margin") equal to a percentage (generally less than 10%) of the contract value. Each day thereafter until the futures position is closed, the Fund will pay additional margin representing any loss experienced as a result of the futures position the prior day or be entitled to a payment representing any profit experienced as a result of the futures position the prior day. Futures involve substantial leverage risk.

The sale of a futures contract may limit the Fund's risk of loss through a decline in the market value of portfolio holdings correlated with the futures contract prior to the futures contract's expiration date. In the event the market value of the portfolio holdings correlated with the futures contract increases rather than decreases, however, the Fund will realize a loss on the futures position and a lower return on the portfolio holdings than would have been realized without the purchase of the futures contract.

The purchase of a futures contract may protect the Fund from having to pay more for securities as a consequence of increases in the market value for such securities during a period when the Fund was attempting to identify specific securities in which to invest in a market the Fund believes to be attractive. In the event that such securities decline in value or the Fund determines not to complete an anticipatory hedge transaction relating to a futures contract, however, the Fund may realize a loss relating to the futures position.

The Fund is also authorized to purchase or sell call and put options on futures contracts including financial futures and stock indices in connection with its hedging activities. Generally, these strategies would be used under the same market and market sector conditions (i.e., conditions relating to specific types of investments) in which the Fund entered into futures transactions. The Fund may purchase put options or write (i.e., sell) call options on futures contracts and stock indices rather than selling the underlying futures contract in

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 16

anticipation of a decrease in the market value of its securities. Similarly, the Fund can purchase call options, or write put options on futures contracts and stock indices, as a substitute for the purchase of such futures to hedge against the increased cost resulting from an increase in the market value of securities which the Fund intends to purchase.

The Fund may only write "covered" put and call options on futures contracts. The Fund will be considered "covered" with respect to a call option written on a futures contract if the Fund owns the assets that are deliverable under the futures contract or an option to purchase that futures contract having a strike price equal to or less than the strike price of the "covered" option and having an expiration date not earlier than the expiration date of the "covered" option or if it holds segregated in an account with its custodian for the term of the option cash or other relatively liquid assets at all times equal in value to the mark-to-market value of the futures contract on which the option was written. The Fund will be considered "covered" with respect to a put option written on a futures contract if the Fund owns an option to sell that futures contract having a strike price equal to or greater than the strike price of the "covered" option or if the Fund holds segregated in an account with its custodian for the term of the option cash or other relatively liquid assets at all times equal in value to the exercise price of the put (less any initial margin deposited by the Fund with its futures custody manager or as otherwise permitted by applicable law with respect to such option). There is no limitation on the amount of the Fund's assets that can be segregated. Segregation requirements may impair the Fund's ability to sell a portfolio security or make an investment at a time when it would otherwise be favorable to do so, or require the Fund to sell a portfolio security or close out a derivatives position at a disadvantageous time or price.

The Manager has filed a notice of exclusion from registration as a "commodity pool operator" with respect to the Fund under CFTC Rule 4.5 and, therefore, is not subject to registration or regulation with respect to the Fund under the CEA. In order for the Manager to claim exclusion from registration as a "commodity pool operator" under the CEA with respect to the Fund, the Fund is limited in its ability to trade instruments subject to the CFTC's jurisdiction, including commodity futures (which include futures on broad-based securities indices, interest rate futures and currency futures), options on commodity futures, certain swaps or other investments (whether directly or indirectly through investments in other investment vehicles). Under this exclusion, the Fund must satisfy one of the following two trading limitations whenever it enters into a new commodity trading position: (1) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish the Fund's positions in CFTC-regulated instruments may not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the Fund's portfolio (after accounting for unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such investments); or (2) the aggregate net notional value of such instruments, determined at the time the most recent position was established, may not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the Fund's portfolio (after accounting for unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions). The Fund would not be required to consider its exposure to such instruments if they were held for "bona fide hedging" purposes, as such term is defined in the rules of the CFTC. In addition to meeting one of the foregoing trading limitations, the Fund may not market itself as a commodity pool or otherwise as a vehicle for trading in the markets for CFTC-regulated instruments.

HEDGING. Hedging is a strategy in which a derivative or security is used to offset the risks associated with other Fund holdings. Losses on the other investment may be substantially reduced by gains on a derivative that reacts in an opposite manner to market movements. While hedging can reduce losses, it can also reduce or eliminate gains or cause losses if the market moves in a different manner than anticipated by the Fund or if the cost of the derivative outweighs the benefit of the hedge. Hedging also involves the risk that changes in the value of the derivative will not match those of the holdings being hedged as expected by the Fund, in which case any losses on the holdings being hedged may not be reduced or may be increased. The inability to close options and futures positions also could have an adverse impact on the Fund's ability to hedge effectively its portfolio. There is also a risk of loss by the Fund of margin deposits or collateral in the event of bankruptcy of a broker with whom the Fund has an open position in an option, a futures contract or a related option.

There can be no assurance that the Fund's hedging strategies will be effective or that hedging transactions will be available to the Fund. The Fund is not required to engage in hedging transactions and the Fund may choose not to do so from time to time.

Currency Hedging . The Fund may use currency hedging instruments to seek to enhance returns. However, the Fund will not hedge a currency in excess of the aggregate market value of the securities that it owns (including receivables for unsettled securities sales), or has committed to or anticipates purchasing, which are denominated in such currency. This limitation does not prohibit the Fund from obtaining long or short exposure to a currency for non-hedging purposes. The Fund may, however, hedge a currency by entering into a transaction in a Currency Instrument denominated in a currency other than the currency being hedged (a "cross-hedge"). The Fund will only enter into a cross-hedge if the subadviser believes that (i) there is a demonstrable high correlation between the currency in which the cross-hedge is denominated and the currency being hedged, and (ii) executing a cross-hedge through the currency in which the cross-hedge is denominated will be significantly more cost-effective or provide substantially greater liquidity than executing a similar hedging transaction by means of the currency being hedged.

Risk Factors In Hedging Foreign Currency. Hedging transactions involving Currency Instruments have substantial risks, including correlation risk. While the Fund's use of Currency Instruments to effect hedging strategies is intended to reduce the volatility of the NAV of the Fund's shares, the NAV of the Fund's shares will fluctuate. Moreover, although Currency Instruments will be used with the intention of hedging against adverse currency movements, transactions in Currency Instruments involve the risk that anticipated currency movements will not be accurately predicted and that the Fund's hedging strategies will be ineffective. To the extent that the Fund hedges against anticipated currency movements that do not occur, the Fund may realize losses and decrease its total return as the result of its hedging transactions. Furthermore, the Fund will only engage in hedging activities from time to time and may not be engaging in hedging activities when movements in currency exchange rates occur.

In connection with its trading in forward foreign currency contracts, the Fund will contract with a foreign or domestic bank, or a foreign or domestic securities dealer, to make or take future delivery of a specified amount of a particular currency. There are no limitations on daily price moves in such forward contracts, and banks and dealers are not required to continue to make markets in such contracts. There have been periods during which certain banks or dealers have refused to quote prices for such forward contracts or have quoted prices with an unusually wide spread between the price at which the bank or dealer is prepared to buy and that at which it is prepared to sell. Governmental imposition of credit controls might limit any such forward contract trading. With respect to its trading of forward contracts, if any, the Fund will be subject to the risk of bank or dealer failure and the inability of, or refusal by, a bank or dealer to perform with respect to such contracts. Any such default would deprive the Fund of any profit potential or force the Fund to cover its commitments for resale, if any, at the then market price and could result in a loss to the Fund.

It may not be possible for the Fund to hedge against currency exchange rate movements, even if correctly anticipated, in the event that (i) the currency exchange rate movement is so generally anticipated that the Fund is not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an effective price, or (ii) the currency exchange rate movement relates to a market with respect to which Currency Instruments are not available and it is not possible to engage in effective foreign currency hedging. The cost to the Fund of engaging in foreign currency transactions varies with such factors as the currencies involved, the length of the contract period and the market conditions then prevailing. Since transactions in foreign currency exchange usually are conducted on a principal basis, no fees or commissions are involved.

ILLIQUID INVESTMENTS OR RESTRICTED SECURITIES. Pursuant to Rule 22e-4 under the 1940 Act, the Fund has adopted a Board approved Liquidity Risk Management Program ("LRMP") that requires, among other things that the Fund limit its illiquid investments to no more than 15% of its net assets. Illiquid investments are those that, because of the absence of a readily available market or due to legal or contractual restrictions on resale, may not reasonably be expected to be sold or disposed of in current market conditions in seven calendar days or less without the sale or disposition significantly changing the market value of the investment. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Fund could not meet requests to redeem shares issued by the Fund without significant dilution of remaining investors' interests in the Fund. Investment of the Fund's assets in illiquid investments may restrict the ability of the Fund to dispose of its investments in a timely fashion and for a fair price as well as its ability to take advantage of market opportunities. The risks associated with illiquidity will be particularly acute where the Fund's operations require cash, such as when the Fund redeems shares or pays dividends, and could result in the Fund borrowing to meet short-term cash requirements or incurring capital losses on the sale of illiquid investments.

The Fund may invest in securities that are not registered (restricted securities) under the 1933 Act. Restricted securities may be sold in private placement transactions between issuers and their purchasers and may be neither listed on an exchange nor traded in other established markets. In many cases, privately placed securities may not be freely transferable under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction or due to contractual restrictions on resale. As a result of the absence of a public trading market, privately placed securities may be less liquid and more difficult to value than publicly traded securities. To the extent that privately placed securities may be resold in privately negotiated transactions, the prices realized from the sales, due to illiquidity, could be less than those originally paid by the Fund or less than their fair market value. In addition, issuers whose securities are not publicly traded may not be subject to the disclosure and other investor protection requirements that may be applicable if their securities were publicly traded. If any privately placed securities held by the Fund are required to be registered under the securities laws of one or more jurisdictions before being resold, the Fund may be required to bear the expenses of registration. Certain of the Fund's investments in private placements may consist of direct investments and may include investments in smaller, less seasoned issuers, which may involve greater risks. The Fund also may originate loans or acquire loans by participating in the initial issuance of the loan as part of a syndicate of lenders or other financial institutions, or receive its interest in a loan directly from the borrower or a bank or other syndicate. These issuers may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources or they may be dependent on a limited management group. In making investments in such securities, the Fund may obtain access to material nonpublic information, which may restrict the Fund's ability to conduct portfolio transactions in such securities.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 18

The Fund may purchase restricted securities that can be offered and sold to "qualified institutional buyers" under Rule 144A under the 1933 Act. Restricted securities that would otherwise be considered illiquid investments pursuant to the Fund's LRMP because of legal restrictions on resale to the general public may be traded among qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A. Therefore, these securities, as well as commercial paper that is sold in private placements under Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act, may be classified higher than "illiquid" under the LRMP (i.e., "moderately liquid" or "less liquid" investments). However, the liquidity of the Fund's investments in restricted securities could be impaired if trading does not develop or declines.

INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERINGS. The Fund may invest in securities sold in IPOs. An IPO is the first sale of stock by a private company to the public. IPOs are often issued by smaller, younger companies seeking capital to expand, but can also be done by large privately owned companies looking to become publicly traded.

In an IPO, the issuer obtains the assistance of an underwriting firm, which helps it determine what type of security to issue (common or preferred), best offering price and time to bring it to market. The volume of IPOs and the levels at which the newly issued stocks trade in the secondary market are affected by the performance of the stock market overall. If IPOs are brought to the market, availability may be limited and the Fund may not be able to buy any shares at the offering price, or if the Fund is able to buy shares, the Fund may not be able to buy as many shares at the offering price as the Fund would like.

Investing in IPOs entails risks. Importantly, the prices of securities involved in IPOs are often subject to greater and more unpredictable price changes than more established stocks. It is difficult to predict what the stock will do on its initial day of trading and in the near future since there is often little historical data with which to analyze the company. Also, most IPOs are of companies going through a transitory growth period, and they are therefore subject to additional uncertainty regarding their future value.

INVESTMENT IN OTHER INVESTMENT COMPANIES. The Fund may invest in securities of other investment companies (including ETFs), subject to applicable regulatory limits.

Investing in another investment company involves risks similar to those of investing directly in the investment company's portfolio securities, including the risk that the values of the portfolio securities may fluctuate due to changes in the financial condition of the securities' issuers and other market factors. An investment company may not achieve its investment objective or execute its investment strategy effectively, which may adversely affect the Fund's performance.

The Fund will indirectly bear its pro rata share of the fees and expenses incurred by an investment company, including investment companies managed by the Manager, subadviser(s) or an affiliate, in which it invests, including advisory fees (to the extent not offset by the Manager, subadviser(s) or an affiliate through waivers). In addition, the Fund could incur a sales charge in connection with purchasing an investment company security or a redemption fee upon the redemption of such security.

MARKET DISRUPTION AND GEOPOLITICAL RISKS. Market disruption can be caused by economic, financial or political events and factors, including but not limited to, international wars or conflicts (including Russia's military invasion of Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war), geopolitical developments (including trading and tariff arrangements, sanctions and cybersecurity attacks), instability in regions such as Asia, Eastern Europe and the Middle East, terrorism, natural disasters and public health epidemics (including the outbreak of COVID-19 globally).

Recent policy decisions of the U.S. government and governments of foreign countries may increase geopolitical risks that could adversely affect the investment performance of the Fund. These policies have the potential to impact international relations, trade agreements and the overall regulatory environment in ways that could create uncertainty and instability in domestic and global markets. Actions taken by the U.S. government and governments of foreign countries in respect of international trade relations could lead to trade wars, increased costs for imported goods, disruptions in supply chains, reduced foreign investment, and instability in regions where the Fund invests.

The extent and duration of such events and resulting market disruptions cannot be predicted, but could be substantial and could magnify the impact of other risks to the Fund. These and other similar events could adversely affect the U.S. and foreign financial markets and lead to increased market volatility, reduced liquidity in the securities markets, significant negative impacts on issuers and the markets for certain securities and commodities and/or government intervention. They may also cause short- or long-term economic uncertainties in the United States and worldwide. As a result, whether or not the Fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the Fund's investments may be negatively impacted. Further, due to closures of certain markets and restrictions on trading certain securities, the value of certain securities held by the Fund could be significantly impacted, which could lead to such securities being valued at zero.

Global economies and financial markets have become increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibility that economic, financial or political events and factors in one country or region might adversely impact issuers in a different country or region or worldwide.

MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENTS. The Fund may invest in money market instruments. Money market instruments include cash equivalents and short-term obligations of U.S. banks, non-U.S. government securities, certificates of deposit and short-term obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or its agencies. Money market instruments also include bankers' acceptances, commercial paper, certificates of deposit and Eurodollar obligations issued or guaranteed by bank holding companies in the U.S., their subsidiaries and non-U.S. branches, by non-U.S. banking institutions, and by the World Bank and other multinational instrumentalities, as well as commercial paper and other short-term obligations of, and variable amount master demand notes, variable rate notes and funding agreements issued by, U.S. and non-U.S. corporations.

MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES. Investing in mortgage-backed securities involves certain unique risks in addition to those generally associated with investing in fixed income securities and in the real estate industry in general. These unique risks include the failure of a party to meet its commitments under the related operative documents, adverse interest rate changes and the effects of prepayments on mortgage cash flows. Mortgage-backed securities are "pass-through" securities, meaning that principal and interest payments made by the borrower on the underlying mortgages are passed through to the Fund. The value of mortgage-backed securities, like that of traditional fixed income securities, typically increases when interest rates fall and decreases when interest rates rise. However, mortgage-backed securities differ from traditional fixed income securities because of their potential for prepayment without penalty. The price paid by the Fund for its mortgage-backed securities, the yield the Fund expects to receive from such securities and the average life of the securities are based on a number of factors, including the anticipated rate of prepayment of the underlying mortgages. In a period of declining interest rates, borrowers may prepay the underlying mortgages more quickly than anticipated, thereby reducing the yield to maturity and the average life of the mortgage-backed securities. Moreover, when the Fund reinvests the proceeds of a prepayment in these circumstances, the likely rate of interest received will be lower than the rate on the security that was prepaid.

Mortgage-backed securities, including CMOs, can be collateralized by either fixed-rate mortgages or adjustable rate mortgages. Fixed-rate mortgage securities are collateralized by fixed-rate mortgages and tend to have high prepayment rates when the level of prevailing interest rates declines significantly below the interest rates on the mortgages. Thus, under those circumstances, the securities are generally less sensitive to interest rate movements than lower coupon fixed-rate mortgages. CMOs may be collateralized by whole mortgage loans or private mortgage pass-through securities, but are more typically collateralized by portfolios of mortgage pass-through securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae.

Generally, adjustable rate mortgage securities ("ARMs") have a specified maturity date and amortize principal over their life. In periods of declining interest rates, there is a reasonable likelihood that ARMs will experience increased rates of prepayment of principal. However, the major difference between ARMs and fixed-rate mortgage securities ("FRMs") is that the interest rate and the rate of amortization of principal of ARMs can and do change in accordance with movements in a particular, pre-specified, published interest rate index. The amount of interest on an ARM is calculated by adding a specified amount, the "margin," to the index, subject to limitations on the maximum and minimum interest that is charged during the life of the mortgage or to maximum and minimum changes to that interest rate during a given period.

The underlying mortgages which collateralize the ARMs in which the Fund invests will frequently have caps and floors which limit the maximum amount by which the loan rate to the residential borrower may change up or down (1) per reset or adjustment interval and (2) over the life of the loan. Some residential mortgage loans restrict periodic adjustments by limiting changes in the borrower's monthly principal and interest payments rather than limiting interest rate changes. These payment caps may result in negative amortization.

To the extent that the Fund purchases mortgage-backed securities at a premium, mortgage foreclosures and principal prepayments may result in a loss to the extent of the premium paid. If the Fund buys such securities at a discount, both scheduled payments of principal and unscheduled prepayments will increase current and total returns and will accelerate the recognition of income which, when distributed to shareholders, will be taxable as ordinary income. In a period of rising interest rates, prepayments of the underlying mortgages may occur at a slower than expected rate, creating maturity extension risk. This particular risk may effectively change a security that was considered short- or intermediate-term at the time of purchase into a long-term security. Since long-term securities generally fluctuate more widely in response to changes in interest rates than shorter-term securities, maturity extension risk could increase the inherent volatility of the Fund. Under certain interest rate and prepayment scenarios, the Fund may fail to recoup fully its investment in mortgage-backed securities notwithstanding any direct or indirect governmental or agency guarantee.

Most mortgage-backed securities are issued by federal government agencies such as Ginnie Mae, or by government sponsored enterprises such as Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. Principal and interest payments on mortgage-backed securities issued by the federal government and some federal agencies, such as Ginnie Mae, are guaranteed by the federal government and backed by the full faith and

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 20

credit of the United States. Mortgage-backed securities issued by other government agencies or government sponsored enterprises are backed only by the credit of the government agency or enterprise and are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are authorized to borrow from the U.S. Treasury to meet their obligations. Private mortgage-backed securities are issued by private corporations rather than government agencies and are subject to credit risk and interest rate risk.

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are stockholder-owned companies chartered by Congress. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guarantee the securities they issue as to timely payment of principal and interest, but such guarantee is not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. In September 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were placed into conservatorship by their regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency. The conservatorship has no specified end date. There can be no assurance as to when or how the conservatorship will be terminated or whether Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac will continue to exist following the conservatorship or what their respective business structures will be during or following the conservatorship. Although the U.S. Government has provided financial support to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, there can be no assurance that it will support these or other government-sponsored enterprises ("GSEs") in the future.

The Fund may purchase certain mortgage-backed securities, the underlying investments of which consist of loans issued and/or serviced by an affiliated entity.

OPERATIONAL AND TRADING RISK . Systemic failures in the programs and systems employed by the subadviser, brokers and/or counterparties, exchanges and similar clearance and settlement facilities and other parties could result in mistakes made in the confirmation or settlement of transactions, or in transactions not being properly booked, evaluated or accounted for. The subadviser may not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of third-party systems. These and other similar disruptions in the subadviser's operations may cause material losses to the Fund.

The subadviser makes extensive use of computer hardware, systems and software and its activities are exposed to risks caused by failures of IT infrastructure and data. Outright failure of the underlying hardware, operating system, software or network, may leave the subadviser unable to trade either generally or in certain of its strategies, and this may expose it to risk should the outage coincide with turbulent market conditions. To ameliorate this risk, backup and disaster recovery plans have been put in place by the subadviser.

OPTIONS ON SECURITIES AND SECURITIES INDICES.

TYPES OF OPTIONS. The Fund may engage in transactions in options on individual securities, baskets of securities or securities indices, or particular measurements of value or rate (an "index"), such as an index of the price of treasury securities or an index representative of short term interest rates. Such investments may be made on exchanges and in OTC markets. In general, exchange-traded options have standardized exercise prices and expiration dates and require the parties to post margin against their obligations, and the performance of the parties' obligations in connection with such options is guaranteed by the exchange or a related clearing corporation. OTC options have more flexible terms negotiated between the buyer and the seller, but generally do not require the parties to post margin and are subject to greater credit risk. OTC options also involve greater liquidity risk. See "Additional Risk Factors of OTC Transactions; Limitations on the Use of OTC Derivatives."

CALL OPTIONS. The Fund may purchase call options on any of the types of securities or instruments in which it may invest. A call option gives the Fund the right to buy, and obligates the seller to sell, the underlying security at the exercise price at any time during the option period. The Fund also may purchase and sell call options on indices. Index options are similar to options on securities except that, rather than taking or making delivery of securities underlying the option at a specified price upon exercise, an index option gives the holder the right to receive cash upon exercise of the option if the level of the index upon which the option is based is greater than the exercise price of the option.

The Fund may only write (i.e., sell) covered call options on the securities or instruments in which it may invest and enter into closing purchase transactions with respect to certain of such options, provided such options are "covered," as defined herein. A covered call option is an option in which the Fund owns the underlying security or has an absolute and immediate right to acquire that security, without additional consideration or for additional consideration held in a segregated account by its custodian, upon conversion or exchange of other securities currently held in its portfolio or with respect to which the Fund holds cash or other relatively liquid assets segregated within the Fund's account at the custodian or in a separate segregation account at the custodian. The principal reason for writing call options is the attempt to realize, through the receipt of premiums, a greater return than would be realized on the securities alone. By writing covered call options, the Fund gives up the opportunity, while the option is in effect, to profit from any price increase in the underlying security above the option exercise price. In addition, the Fund's ability to sell the underlying security will be limited while the option is in effect unless the Fund enters into a closing purchase transaction. A closing purchase transaction cancels out the Fund's position as the writer of an option by means of an offsetting purchase of an identical option prior to the expiration of the option it has

written. Covered call options also serve as a partial hedge to the extent of the premium received against a decline in the price of the underlying security. Also, with respect to call options written by the Fund that are covered only by segregated portfolio securities, the Fund is exposed to the risk of loss equal to the amount by which the price of the underlying securities rises above the exercise price.

PUT OPTIONS. The Fund may purchase put options to seek to hedge against a decline in the value of its securities or to enhance its return. By buying a put option, the Fund acquires a right to sell such underlying securities or instruments at the exercise price, thus limiting the Fund's risk of loss through a decline in the market value of the securities or instruments until the put option expires. The amount of any appreciation in the value of the underlying securities or instruments will be partially offset by the amount of the premium paid for the put option and any related transaction costs. Prior to its expiration, a put option may be sold in a closing sale transaction and profit or loss from the sale will depend on whether the amount received is more or less than the premium paid for the put option plus the related transaction costs. A closing sale transaction cancels out the Fund's position as the purchaser of an option by means of an offsetting sale of an identical option prior to the expiration of the option it has purchased. The Fund also may purchase uncovered put options.

The Fund may write (i.e., sell) put options on the types of securities or instruments that may be held by the Fund, provided that such put options are covered (as described above, covered options are secured by cash or other relatively liquid assets held in a segregated account or the referenced security). The Fund will receive a premium for writing a put option, which increases the Fund's return.

REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS ("REITs"). Investing in REITs involves certain unique risks in addition to those risks associated with investing in the real estate industry in general. Equity REITs may be affected by changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the REITs, while mortgage REITs may be affected by the quality of any credit extended. REITs are dependent upon management skills, may not be diversified geographically or by property type, and are subject to heavy cash flow dependency, default by borrowers and self-liquidation. REITs must also meet certain requirements under the Code to avoid entity level tax and be eligible to pass-through certain tax attributes of their income to shareholders. REITs are consequently subject to the risk of failing to meet these requirements for favorable tax treatment and of failing to maintain their exemptions from registration under the 1940 Act. REITs are also subject to the risks of changes in the Code affecting their tax status.

In addition, between 2018 and 2025, a direct REIT shareholder may claim a 20% "qualified business income" deduction for ordinary REIT dividends, and a RIC may pass through to its shareholders the special character of this income. Ordinary dividends received by the Fund from a REIT will generally not constitute qualified dividend income, which would be eligible for tax at a reduced rate.

REITs (especially mortgage REITs) are also subject to interest rate risks. When interest rates decline, the value of a REIT's investment in fixed rate obligations can be expected to rise. Conversely, when interest rates rise, the value of a REIT's investment in fixed rate obligations can be expected to decline. In contrast, as interest rates on adjustable rate mortgage loans are reset periodically, yields on a REIT's investments in such loans will gradually align themselves to reflect changes in market interest rates, causing the value of such investments to fluctuate less dramatically in response to interest rate fluctuations than would investments in fixed rate obligations.

Investing in certain REITs involves risks similar to those associated with investing in small capitalization companies. These REITs may have limited financial resources, may trade less frequently and in limited volume and may be subject to more abrupt or erratic price movements than larger company securities. Historically, small capitalization stocks, such as REITs, have been more volatile in price than the larger capitalization stocks included in the S&P 500 Index. The management of a REIT may be subject to conflicts of interest with respect to the operation of the business of the REIT and may be involved in real estate activities competitive with the REIT. REITs may own properties through joint ventures or in other circumstances in which the REIT may not have control over its investments. REITs may incur significant amounts of leverage. The Fund's investments in REITs may subject the Fund to duplicate management and/or advisory fees.

REAL ESTATE RELATED SECURITIES. Although the Fund may not invest directly in real estate, the Fund may invest in securities of issuers that are principally engaged in the real estate industry. Therefore, an investment by the Fund is subject to certain risks associated with the ownership of real estate and with the real estate industry in general. These risks include, among others: possible declines in the value of real estate; risks related to general and local economic conditions; possible lack of availability of mortgage funds or other limitations on access to capital; overbuilding; risks associated with leverage; market illiquidity; extended vacancies of properties; increase in competition, property taxes, capital expenditures and operating expenses; changes in zoning laws or other governmental regulation; costs resulting from the clean-up of, and liability to third parties for damages resulting from, environmental problems; tenant bankruptcies or other credit problems; casualty or condemnation losses; uninsured damages from floods, earthquakes or other natural disasters; limitations on and variations in rents, including decreases in market rates for rents; investment in developments that are not completed or that are subject to delays in completion; and unfavorable changes in interest rates. To the extent that assets underlying the Fund's investments are concentrated geographically, by property type or in certain other respects, the Fund may be subject to certain of the foregoing risks to a greater extent.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 22

Investments by the Fund in securities of companies providing mortgage servicing will be subject to the risks associated with refinancings and their impact on servicing rights. In addition, if the Fund receives rental income or income from the disposition of real property acquired as a result of a default on securities the Fund owns, the receipt of such income may adversely affect the Fund's ability to retain its federal income tax status as a RIC because of certain income source requirements applicable to regulated investment companies under the Code.

REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS. The Fund may invest in securities pursuant to repurchase agreements. The Fund will enter into repurchase agreements only with parties meeting creditworthiness standards as set forth in the Fund's repurchase agreement procedures.

Under such agreements, the other party agrees, upon entering into the contract with the Fund, to repurchase the security at a mutually agreed-upon time and price in a specified currency, thereby determining the yield during the term of the agreement. This results in a fixed rate of return insulated from market fluctuations during such period, although such return may be affected by currency fluctuations. In the case of repurchase agreements, the prices at which the trades are conducted do not reflect accrued interest on the underlying obligation. Repurchase agreements may be construed to be collateralized loans by the purchaser to the seller secured by the securities transferred to the purchaser.

In the case of a repurchase agreement, as a purchaser, the Fund will require all repurchase agreements to be fully collateralized at all times by cash or other relatively liquid assets in an amount at least equal to the resale price. The seller is required to provide additional collateral if the market value of the securities falls below the repurchase price at any time during the term of the repurchase agreement. In the event of default by the seller under a repurchase agreement construed to be a collateralized loan, the underlying securities are not owned by the Fund but only constitute collateral for the seller's obligation to pay the repurchase price. Therefore, the Fund may suffer time delays and incur costs or possible losses in connection with disposition of the collateral.

The Fund may participate in a joint repurchase agreement account with other investment companies managed by the Manager pursuant to an order of the SEC. On a daily basis, any uninvested cash balances of the Fund may be aggregated with those of such investment companies and invested in one or more repurchase agreements. The Fund participates in the income earned or accrued in the joint account based on the percentage of its investment.

RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN INVESTMENTS. A number of publicly traded closed-end investment companies have been organized to facilitate indirect foreign investment in developing countries, and certain of such countries, such as Thailand, South Korea, Chile and Brazil have specifically authorized such funds. There also are investment opportunities in certain of such countries in pooled vehicles that resemble open-end investment companies, subject to the 1940 Act limitations. These limitations on investments in securities of investment companies may limit opportunities for the Fund to invest indirectly in certain developing countries. New shares of certain investment companies may at times be acquired only at market prices representing premiums to their NAVs. If the Fund acquires shares of other investment companies, shareholders would bear both their proportionate share of expenses of the Fund (including management and advisory fees) and, indirectly, the expenses of such other investment companies. See also "Investment in Other Investment Companies."

SECURITIES LENDING. Unless otherwise noted, the Fund may lend its portfolio securities to brokers, dealers and other financial institutions subject to applicable regulatory requirements and guidance, including the requirements that: (1) the aggregate market value of securities loaned will not at any time exceed 33 ?1 ? 3 % of the total assets of the Fund; (2) the borrower pledge and maintain with the Fund collateral consisting of cash having at all times a value of not less than 102% (or 105% for foreign securities) of the value of the securities lent; and (3) the loan be made subject to termination by the Fund at any time. Goldman Sachs Bank USA, d/b/a Goldman Sachs Agency Lending ("GSAL") serves as securities lending agent for the Fund, and in that role administers the Fund's securities lending program. As compensation for these services, GSAL receives a portion of any amounts earned by the Fund through lending securities.

On termination of the loan, the borrower is required to return the securities to the Fund, and any gain or loss in the market price during the loan would inure to the Fund. If the borrower defaults on its obligation to return the securities lent because of insolvency or other reasons, the Fund could experience delays and costs in recovering the securities lent or in gaining access to the collateral. In such situations, the Fund may sell the collateral and purchase a replacement investment in the market. There is a risk that the value of the collateral could decrease below the value of the replacement investment by the time the replacement investment is purchased.

During the time portfolio securities are on loan, the borrower will pay the Fund an amount equivalent to any dividend or interest paid on such securities. Voting or consent rights which accompany loaned securities pass to the borrower. However, all loans may be terminated at any time to facilitate the exercise of voting or other consent rights with respect to matters considered to be material. The Fund bears the risk that there may be a delay in the return of the securities which may impair the Fund's ability to exercise such rights.

SHORT SALES AND SHORT SALES AGAINST-THE-BOX. The Fund may make short sales of securities, either as a hedge against potential declines in value of a portfolio security or to realize appreciation when a security that the Fund does not own declines in value. Because making short sales in securities not owned by the Fund exposes the Fund to the risks associated with those securities, such short sales involve speculative exposure risk. As a result, if the Fund makes short sales in securities that increase in value, the Fund will likely underperform similar mutual funds that do not make short sales in securities they do not own. The Fund will incur a loss as a result of a short sale if the price of the security increases between the date of the short sale and the date on which the Fund replaces the borrowed security. The Fund will realize a gain if the security declines in price between those dates. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to close out a short sale position at any particular time or at a desired price. Although the Fund's gain is limited to the price at which the Fund sold the security short, its potential loss is limited only by the maximum attainable price of the security, less the price at which the security was sold and may, theoretically, be unlimited. There is also a risk that a borrowed security will need to be returned to the broker/dealer on short notice. If the request for the return of a security occurs at a time when other short sellers of the security are receiving similar requests, a "short squeeze" can occur, meaning that the Fund might be compelled, at the most disadvantageous time, to replace the borrowed security with a security purchased on the open market, possibly at prices significantly in excess of the proceeds received earlier.

The Fund has a short position in the securities sold short until it delivers to the broker/dealer the securities sold, at which time the Fund receives the proceeds of the sale. In addition, the Fund is required to pay to the broker/dealer the amount of any dividends or interest paid on shares sold short. The Fund will normally close out a short position by purchasing on the open market and delivering to the broker/dealer an equal amount of the securities sold short.

The Fund may also make short sales against-the-box. A short sale against-the-box is a short sale in which the Fund owns an equal amount of the securities sold short, or securities convertible or exchangeable for, with or without payment of any further consideration, such securities.

SMALLER OR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES. Investment in smaller or emerging growth companies involves greater risk than is customarily associated with investments in more established companies. The securities of smaller or emerging growth companies may be subject to more abrupt or erratic market movements than larger, more established companies or the market average in general. These companies may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources, or they may be dependent on a limited management group.

While smaller or emerging growth company issuers may offer greater opportunities for capital appreciation than large cap issuers, investments in smaller or emerging growth companies may involve greater risks and thus may be considered speculative. The subadviser believes that properly selected companies of this type have the potential to increase their earnings or market valuation at a rate substantially in excess of the general growth of the economy. Full development of these companies and trends frequently takes time.

Small capitalization and emerging growth securities will often be traded only in the OTC market or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded every day or in the volume typical of trading on a national securities exchange. As a result, the disposition by the Fund of portfolio securities to meet redemptions or otherwise may require the Fund to make many small sales over a lengthy period of time, or to sell these securities at a discount from market prices or during periods when, in the subadviser's judgment, such disposition is not desirable.

While the process of selection and continuous supervision by the subadviser does not, of course, guarantee successful investment results, it does provide access to an asset class not available to the average individual due to the time and cost involved. Careful initial selection is particularly important in this area as many new enterprises have promise but lack certain of the fundamental factors necessary to prosper. Investing in small capitalization and emerging growth companies requires specialized research and analysis. In addition, many investors cannot invest sufficient assets in such companies to provide wide diversification.

Small companies are generally little known to most individual investors although some may be dominant in their respective industries. The subadviser believes that relatively small companies will continue to have the opportunity to develop into significant business enterprises. The Fund may invest in securities of small issuers in the relatively early stages of business development that have a new technology, a unique or proprietary product or service, or a favorable market position. Such companies may not be counted upon to develop into major industrial companies, but Fund management believes that eventual recognition of their special value characteristics by the investment community can provide above-average long-term growth to the portfolio.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 24

Equity securities of specific small capitalization issuers may present different opportunities for long-term capital appreciation during varying portions of economic or securities markets cycles, as well as during varying stages of their business development. The market valuation of small capitalization issuers tends to fluctuate during economic or market cycles, presenting attractive investment opportunities at various points during these cycles. Smaller companies, due to the size and kinds of markets that they serve, may be less susceptible than large companies to intervention from the federal government by means of price controls, regulations or litigation.

TEMPORARY DEFENSIVE STRATEGY AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS. The Fund may temporarily invest without limit in money market instruments, including commercial paper of U.S. corporations, certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances and other obligations of domestic banks, and obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, its agencies or its instrumentalities, as part of a temporary defensive strategy.

The Fund may invest in money market instruments to maintain appropriate liquidity to meet anticipated redemptions. Money market instruments typically have a maturity of one year or less as measured from the date of purchase. The Fund also may temporarily hold cash or invest in money market instruments pending investment of proceeds from new sales of Fund shares or during periods of portfolio restructuring.

U.S. GOVERNMENT AND AGENCY SECURITIES. The Fund may invest in adjustable rate and fixed rate U.S. Government securities. U.S. Government securities are instruments issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury or by an agency or instrumentality of the U.S. Government. U.S. Government guarantees do not extend to the yield or value of the securities or the Fund's shares. Not all U.S. Government securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. Some are supported only by the credit of the issuing agency.

U.S. Treasury securities include bills, notes, bonds and other debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. These instruments are direct obligations of the U.S. Government and, as such, are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. They differ primarily in their interest rates, the lengths of their maturities and the dates of their issuances.

Securities issued by agencies of the U.S. Government or instrumentalities of the U.S. Government, including those which are guaranteed by Federal agencies or instrumentalities, may or may not be backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. Obligations of Ginnie Mae, the Farmers Home Administration and the Small Business Administration are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. In the case of securities not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, the Fund must look principally to the agency issuing or guaranteeing the obligation for ultimate repayment and may not be able to assert a claim against the United States if the agency or instrumentality does not meet its commitments.

The Fund may also invest in component parts of U.S. Government securities, namely either the corpus (principal) of such obligations or one or more of the interest payments scheduled to be paid on such obligations. These obligations may take the form of (1) obligations from which the interest coupons have been stripped; (2) the interest coupons that are stripped; (3) book-entries at a Federal Reserve member bank representing ownership of obligation components; or (4) receipts evidencing the component parts (corpus or coupons) of U.S. Government obligations that have not actually been stripped. Such receipts evidence ownership of component parts of U.S. Government obligations (corpus or coupons) purchased by a third party (typically an investment banking firm) and held on behalf of the third party in physical or book-entry form by a major commercial bank or trust company pursuant to a custody agreement with the third party. The Fund may also invest in custodial receipts held by a third party that are not U.S. Government securities.

WARRANTS AND RIGHTS. Warrants and rights are securities permitting, but not obligating, the warrant holder to subscribe for other securities. Buying a warrant does not make the Fund a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no right to dividends or votes on the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to assets of the issuer, and for this reason investment in warrants may be more speculative than other equity-based investments.

WHEN-ISSUED SECURITIES, DELAYED-DELIVERY SECURITIES AND FORWARD COMMITMENTS. The Fund may purchase or sell securities that the Fund is entitled to receive on a when-issued basis. The Fund may also purchase or sell securities on a delayed-delivery basis or through a forward commitment. When delayed-delivery securities are purchased, the price and interest rate are fixed at the time of purchase. When-issued, delayed-delivery and forward commitment transactions all involve the purchase or sale of securities with payment and delivery taking place in the future. The Fund enters into these transactions to obtain what is considered an advantageous price to the Fund at the time of entering into the transaction. The Fund has not established any limit on the percentage of its assets that may be committed in connection with these transactions.

There can be no assurance that a security purchased on a when-issued basis will be issued or that a security purchased or sold through a forward commitment will be delivered. The value of securities in these transactions on the delivery date may be more or less than the Fund's purchase price. The Fund may bear the risk of a decline in the value of the security in these transactions and may not benefit from an appreciation in the value of the security during the commitment period.

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

The Fund has adopted the restrictions listed below as fundamental policies. Under the 1940 Act, a fundamental policy is one that cannot be changed without the approval of the holders of a majority of the Fund's outstanding voting securities. A "majority of the Fund's outstanding voting securities," when used in this SAI, means the lesser of (i) 67% of the voting shares represented at a meeting at which more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares are present in person or represented by proxy or (ii) more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares.

1. The Fund may not issue senior securities or borrow money or pledge its assets, except as permitted by the 1940 Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time except to the extent that the Fund may be permitted to do so by exemptive order, SEC release, no-action letter or similar relief or interpretations (collectively, the 1940 Act Laws, Interpretations and Exemptions). For purposes of this restriction, the purchase or sale of securities on a when-issued or delayed delivery basis, reverse repurchase agreements, dollar rolls, short sales, derivative and hedging transactions such as interest rate swap transactions, and collateral arrangements with respect thereto, and transactions similar to any of the foregoing and collateral arrangements with respect thereto, and obligations of the Fund to Trustees pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements are not deemed to be a pledge of assets or the issuance of a senior security.

2. The Fund may not buy or sell real estate, except that investment in securities of issuers that invest in real estate and investments in mortgage-backed securities, mortgage participations or other instruments supported or secured by interests in real estate are not subject to this limitation, and except that the Fund may exercise rights relating to such securities, including the right to enforce security interests and to hold real estate acquired by reason of such enforcement until that real estate can be liquidated in an orderly manner.

3. The Fund may not buy or sell physical commodities or contracts involving physical commodities. The Fund may purchase and sell (i) derivative, hedging and similar instruments such as financial futures contracts and options thereon, and (ii) securities or instruments backed by, or the return from which is linked to, physical commodities or currencies, such as forward currency exchange contracts, and the Fund may exercise rights relating to such instruments, including the right to enforce security interests and to hold physical commodities and contracts involving physical commodities acquired as a result of the Fund's ownership of instruments supported or secured thereby until they can be liquidated in an orderly manner.

4. The Fund may not purchase any security if as a result 25% or more of the Fund's total assets would be invested in the securities of issuers having their principal business activities in the same industry, except for temporary defensive purposes, and except that this limitation does not apply to securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, its agencies or instrumentalities, or to real estate securities, including REITs. The Fund will concentrate its investments (i.e., will invest at least 25% of its total assets under normal circumstances) in real estate securities, including REITs.

5. The Fund may not act as underwriter except to the extent that, in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities, it may be deemed to be an underwriter under certain federal securities laws.

6. The Fund may make loans, including loans of assets of the Fund, repurchase agreements, trade claims, loan participations or similar investments, or as permitted by the 1940 Act Laws, Interpretations and Exemptions. The acquisition of bonds, debentures, other debt securities or instruments, or participations or other interests therein and investments in government obligations, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances or instruments similar to any of the foregoing will not be considered the making of a loan, and is permitted if consistent with the Fund's investment objectives.

With respect to Investment Restriction 1 above, the 1940 Act permits the Fund to borrow money in amounts of up to one-third of the Fund's total assets from banks for any purpose, and to borrow up to 5% of the Fund's total assets from banks or other lenders for temporary purposes. (The Fund's total assets include the amounts being borrowed.) To limit the risks attendant to borrowing, the 1940 Act requires the Fund to maintain an "asset coverage" of at least 300% of the amount of its borrowings, provided that in the event that the Fund's asset coverage falls below 300%, the Fund is required to reduce the amount of its borrowings so that it meets the 300% asset coverage threshold within three days (not including Sundays and holidays). Asset coverage means the ratio that the value of the Fund's total assets (including amounts borrowed), minus liabilities other than borrowings, bears to the aggregate amount of all borrowings. Borrowing money to increase portfolio holdings is known as "leveraging." Borrowing, especially when used for leverage, may cause the value of the Fund's shares to be more volatile than if the Fund did not borrow. This is because borrowing tends to magnify the effect of any increase or decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio holdings. Borrowed money thus creates an opportunity for greater gains, but also greater losses. To repay borrowings, the Fund may have to sell securities at a time and at a price that is unfavorable to the Fund. There also are costs associated with borrowing money, and these costs would offset and could eliminate the Fund's net investment income in any given period. Investment Restriction 1 will be interpreted to permit the Fund to engage in trading practices and investments that may be considered to be borrowing to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder. Certain trading practices and investments, such as derivatives transactions, may be treated as senior securities under the 1940 Act. Rule 18f-4

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 26

under the 1940 Act provides an exemption from certain limitations on the issuance of senior securities for transactions in derivatives instruments where the Fund complies with the requirements of the rule. Practices and investments that may involve leverage but are not considered to be borrowings or senior securities are not subject to the policy. In addition, Investment Restriction 1 will be interpreted not to prevent investments in derivatives or any collateral arrangements associated therewith, or collateral arrangements with respect to swaps, options, forward or futures contracts or other derivatives, the posting of initial or variation margin or the Fund's deferred compensation arrangements with the Trustees.

Investment Restriction 2 prohibits the Fund from buying or selling real estate. The Fund may invest in real estate-related companies, companies whose businesses consist in whole or in part of investing in real estate, instruments (like mortgages and mortgage participations) that are secured by real estate or interests therein, or REIT securities. The Fund may exercise rights relating to real estate securities, including the right to enforce security interests and to hold real estate acquired by reason of such enforcement until that real estate can be liquidated in an orderly manner.

Investment Restriction 3 prohibits the Fund from buying or selling physical commodities (such as oil or grains) or contracts involving physical commodities. The Fund may purchase and sell derivative, hedging and similar instruments such as financial futures contracts and options thereon (such as futures or options on market indexes, currencies, interest rates or some other benchmark, and swap agreements) and securities or instruments backed by, or the return from which is linked to, physical commodities or currencies, such as forward currency exchange contracts. In addition, the Fund may exercise rights relating to such instruments, including the right to enforce security interests and to hold physical commodities and contracts involving physical commodities acquired as a result of the Fund's ownership of instruments supported or secured thereby until they can be liquidated in an orderly manner.

With respect to Investment Restriction 4 relating to concentration, the 1940 Act does not define what constitutes "concentration" in an industry. The SEC staff has taken the position that investment of 25% or more of a fund's total assets in one or more issuers conducting their principal business activities in the same industry constitutes concentration. It is possible that interpretations of concentration could change in the future. The policy in Investment Restriction 4 will be interpreted to refer to concentration as that term may be interpreted from time to time by the SEC staff. Investment without limit in securities of the U.S. Government and its agencies or instrumentalities is permitted by the restriction, as is investment without limit in real estate securities, including REITs.

For purposes of Investment Restriction 4, the Fund relies on the Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS") published by S&P in determining industry classification. The Fund's reliance on this classification system is not a fundamental policy of the Fund and, therefore, can be changed without shareholder approval.

Investment Restriction 5 prohibits the Fund from acting as underwriter except to the extent that, in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities, it may be deemed to be an underwriter under certain federal securities laws. A fund engaging in transactions involving disposition of portfolio securities may be considered to be an underwriter under the 1933 Act. Under the 1933 Act, an underwriter may be liable for material omissions or misstatements in an issuer's registration statement or prospectus. Securities purchased from an issuer and not registered for sale under the 1933 Act are considered restricted securities. There may be a limited market for these securities. If these securities are registered under the 1933 Act, they may then be eligible for sale but participating in the sale may subject the seller to underwriter liability. These risks could apply to a fund investing in restricted securities. The Fund may purchase restricted securities without limit (except to the extent that restricted securities are subject to the limitation on investment in illiquid investments).

For purposes of Investment Restriction 6, the Fund may currently lend up to 33 ?1 ? 3 % of the value of its total assets.

With respect to Investment Restriction 6, the 1940 Act does not prohibit a fund from making loans; however, SEC staff interpretations currently prohibit funds from lending more than one-third of their total assets, except through the purchase of debt obligations or the use of repurchase agreements. (A repurchase agreement is an agreement to purchase a security, coupled with an agreement to sell that security back to the original seller on an agreed-upon date at a price that reflects current interest rates. The SEC frequently treats repurchase agreements as loans.) Investment Restriction 6 permits the Fund to lend its portfolio securities. While lending securities may be a source of income to the Fund, as with other extensions of credit, there are risks of delay in recovery or even loss of rights in the underlying securities should the borrower fail financially. Additionally, losses could result from the reinvestment of collateral received on loaned securities in investments that decline in value, default, or do not perform as well as expected. Investment Restriction 6 also permits the Fund to make loans of money, including loans of money to other PGIM Funds pursuant to an SEC order for exemptive relief. Investment Restriction 6 will be interpreted not to prevent a fund from purchasing or investing in debt obligations and loans.

Whenever any fundamental investment policy or investment restriction states a maximum percentage of the Fund's assets, it is intended that, if the percentage limitation is met at the time the investment is made, a later change in percentage resulting from changing total asset values will not be considered a violation of such policy.

The Fund's fundamental investment restrictions will be interpreted broadly. For example, the policies will be interpreted to refer to the 1940 Act and the related rules as they are in effect from time to time, and to interpretations and modifications of or relating to the 1940 Act by the SEC and others as they are given from time to time. When a restriction provides that an investment practice may be conducted as permitted by the 1940 Act, the restriction will be interpreted to mean either that the 1940 Act expressly permits the practice or that the 1940 Act does not prohibit the practice.

Non-Fundamental Investment Policies

Although not fundamental, the Fund has the following additional investment policies:

The Fund may not make investments for the purpose of exercising control or management.

The Fund may not invest in other registered open-end management investment companies and registered unit investment trusts in reliance upon the provisions of subparagraphs (G) or (F) of Section 12(d)(1) of the 1940 Act. The foregoing investment policy does not restrict the Fund from (i) acquiring securities of other registered investment companies in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or acquisition of assets, or (ii) purchasing the securities of registered investment companies, to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 12(d)(1) of the 1940 Act, or Rule 12d1-4 or 1940 Act Laws, Interpretations and Exemptions.

The Fund may not purchase or otherwise acquire any security if immediately after the acquisition the value of illiquid investments held by the Fund would exceed 15% of the Fund's net assets except as permitted by 1940 Act Laws, Interpretations and Exemptions. The Fund monitors the portion of the Fund's net assets that is invested in illiquid investments on an ongoing basis, not only at the time of investment in such securities.

The Fund's investment objectives are not fundamental policies of the Fund.

The Fund will provide 60 days' prior written notice to shareholders of a change in the Fund's non-fundamental policy of investing at least 80% of its investable assets in equity-related securities of real estate companies.

The Fund will not purchase portfolio securities when borrowings exceed 5% of the value of its total assets.

With respect to short sales, no more than 25% of the Fund's net assets will be deposited as collateral for the obligation to replace securities borrowed to effect short sales. With respect to short sales against-the-box, no more than 25% of the Fund's net assets (determined at the time of the short sale against-the-box) may be subject to such sales.

Diversification

The Fund is currently classified as a "diversified" fund under the 1940 Act. In general, this means that the Fund may not purchase securities of an issuer (other than obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities or securities of other investment companies) if, with respect to 75% of its total assets, (a) more than 5% of the Fund's total assets would be invested in securities of that issuer or (b) the Fund would hold more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of that issuer. With respect to the remaining 25% of its total assets, the Fund can invest more than 5% of its assets in one issuer. Under the 1940 Act, the Fund cannot change its classification from diversified to non-diversified without shareholder approval.

INFORMATION ABOUT BOARD MEMBERS AND OFFICERS

Information about Board Members and Officers of the Fund is set forth below. Board Members who are not deemed to be "interested persons" of the Fund, as defined in the 1940 Act, are referred to as "Independent Board Members." Board Members who are deemed to be "interested persons" of the Fund are referred to as "Interested Board Members." The Board Members are responsible for the overall supervision of the operations of the Fund and perform the various duties imposed on the directors of investment companies by the 1940 Act. The Board in turn elects the Officers, who are responsible for administering the day-to-day operations of the Fund.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 28

Independent Board Members

Name

Year of Birth

Position(s)

Portfolios Overseen

Principal Occupation(s)

During Past Five Years

Other Directorships

Held During

Past Five Years

Length of

Board Service

Ellen S. Alberding

1958

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 102

Formerly, Chief Executive Officer and President,

The Joyce Foundation (charitable foundation)

(2002-2024); formerly Vice Chair, City Colleges

of Chicago (community college system)

(2011-2015); formerly Trustee, National Park

Foundation (charitable foundation for national

park system) (2009-2018); formerly Trustee,

Economic Club of Chicago (2009-2016);

Trustee, Loyola University (since 2018).

None.

Since September 2013

Kevin J. Bannon

1952

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 103

Retired; formerly Managing Director (April

2008-May 2015) and Chief Investment Officer

(October 2008-November 2013) of Highmount

Capital LLC (registered investment adviser);

formerly Executive Vice President and Chief

Investment Officer (April 1993-August 2007) of

Bank of New York Company; formerly President

(May 2003-May 2007) of BNY Hamilton Family

of Mutual Funds.

Formerly, Director of Urstadt Biddle Properties

(equity real estate investment trust) (September

2008-August 2023).

Since July 2008

Linda W. Bynoe

1952

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 100

President and Chief Executive Officer (since

March 1995) and formerly Chief Operating

Officer (December 1989-February 1995) of

Telemat Limited LLC (formerly Telemat Ltd )

(management consulting); formerly Vice

President (January 1985-June 1989) at Morgan

Stanley & Co. (broker-dealer).

Trustee of Equity Residential (residential real

estate) (since December 2009); Director of

Northern Trust Corporation (financial services)

(since April 2006); formerly Director of Anixter

International, Inc. (communication products

distributor) (January 2006-June 2020).

Since March 2005

Barry H. Evans

1960

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 103

Retired; formerly President (2005-2016), Global

Chief Operating Officer (2014-2016), Chief

Investment Officer - Global Head of Fixed

Income (1998-2014), and various portfolio

manager roles (1986-2006), Manulife Asset

Management (asset management).

Formerly Director, Manulife Trust Company

(2011-2018); formerly Director, Manulife Asset

Management Limited (2015-2017); formerly

Chairman of the Board of Directors of Manulife

Asset Management U.S. (2005-2016); formerly

Chairman of the Board, Declaration Investment

Management and Research (2008-2016).

Since September 2017

Keith F. Hartstein

1956

Board Member &

Independent Chair

Portfolios Overseen: 103

Retired; formerly Member (November

2014-September 2022) of the Governing Council

of the Independent Directors Council (IDC)

(organization of independent mutual fund

directors); formerly Executive Committee of the

IDC Board of Governors (October

2019-December 2021); formerly President and

Chief Executive Officer (2005-2012), Senior Vice

President (2004-2005), Senior Vice President of

Sales and Marketing (1997-2004), and various

executive management positions (1990-1997),

John Hancock Funds, LLC (asset management);

formerly Chairman, Investment Company

Institute's Sales Force Marketing Committee

(2003-2008).

None.

Since September 2013

Laurie Simon Hodrick

1962

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 100

A. Barton Hepburn Professor Emerita of

Economics in the Faculty of Business, Columbia

Business School (since 2018); Visiting Fellow at

the Hoover Institution, Stanford University

(since 2015); Sole Member, ReidCourt LLC

(since 2008) (a consulting firm); formerly

Visiting Professor of Law, Stanford Law School

(2015-2021); formerly A. Barton Hepburn

Professor of Economics in the Faculty of

Business, Columbia Business School

(1996-2017); formerly Managing Director,

Global Head of Alternative Investment

Strategies, Deutsche Bank (2006-2008).

Independent Director, Roku (since December

2020) (communication services); formerly

Independent Director, Andela (2022-2024)

(global talent network); formerly Independent

Director, Synnex Corporation (2019-2021)

(information technology); formerly Independent

Director, Kabbage, Inc. (2018-2020) (financial

services); formerly Independent Director,

Corporate Capital Trust (2017-2018) (a

business development company).

Since September 2017

Independent Board Members

Name

Year of Birth

Position(s)

Portfolios Overseen

Principal Occupation(s)

During Past Five Years

Other Directorships

Held During

Past Five Years

Length of

Board Service

Brian K. Reid

1961

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 103

Retired; formerly Chief Economist for the

Investment Company Institute (ICI)

(2005-2017); formerly Senior Economist and

Director of Industry and Financial Analysis at

the ICI (1998-2004); formerly Senior Economist,

Industry and Financial Analysis at the ICI

(1996-1998); formerly Staff Economist at the

Federal Reserve Board (1989-1996); formerly

Director, ICI Mutual Insurance Company

(2012-2017).

None.

Since March 2018

Grace C. Torres

1959

Board Member

Portfolios Overseen: 103

Retired; formerly Treasurer and Principal

Financial and Accounting Officer of the PGIM

Funds, Target Funds, Advanced Series Trust,

Prudential Variable Contract Accounts and The

Prudential Series Fund (1998-June 2014);

Assistant Treasurer (March 1999-June 2014)

and Senior Vice President (September

1999-June 2014) of PGIM Investments LLC;

Assistant Treasurer (May 2003-June 2014) and

Vice President (June 2005-June 2014) of AST

Investment Services, Inc.; Senior Vice President

and Assistant Treasurer (May 2003-June 2014)

of Prudential Annuities Advisory Services, Inc.

Director (since January 2018) of OceanFirst

Financial Corp. and OceanFirst Bank; formerly

Director (July 2015-January 2018) of Sun

Bancorp, Inc. N.A. and Sun National Bank.

Since November 2014

Interested Board Members

Name

Year of Birth

Position(s)

Portfolios Overseen

Principal Occupation(s)

During Past Five Years

Other Directorships

Held During

Past Five Years

Length of

Board Service

Stuart S. Parker

1962

Board Member,

President & Principal

Executive Officer

Portfolios Overseen: 103

President, Chief Executive Officer and Officer in

Charge (since January 2012) of PGIM

Investments LLC; President and Principal

Executive Officer (since March 2022) of the

PGIM Alternatives Funds and (since January

2012) of the PGIM Retail Funds; formerly Chief

Operating Officer for PGIM Investments LLC

(January 2012 - January 2024); formerly

Executive Vice President of Jennison Associates

LLC and Head of Retail Distribution of PGIM

Investments LLC (June 2005-December 2011);

Investment Company Institute - Board of

Governors (since May 2012).

None.

Since January 2012

Scott E. Benjamin

1973

Board Member & Vice

President

Portfolios Overseen: 149

Executive Vice President (since May 2009) of

PGIM Investments LLC; Vice President (since

June 2012) of Prudential Investment

Management Services LLC; Executive Vice

President (since September 2009) of AST

Investment Services, Inc.; Senior Vice President,

Global Product Management and Marketing

(since February 2006) of PGIM Investments LLC;

Vice President (since March 2022) of the PGIM

Alternatives Funds and (since March 2010) of

the PGIM Retail Funds; formerly Vice President

of Product Development and Product

Management, PGIM Investments LLC

(2003-2006).

None.

Since March 2010

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 30

Fund Officers (a)

Name

Year of Birth

Fund Position

Principal Occupation(s) During Past Five Years

Length of

Service as Fund Officer

Claudia DiGiacomo

1974

Chief Legal Officer

Chief Legal Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary (since August 2020) of PGIM Investments LLC; Chief

Legal Officer (since January 2024) of PGIM DC Solutions LLC, (since July 2022) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds

and (since August 2020) of the PGIM Retail Funds, Prudential Annuities Funds, Prudential Mutual Fund

Services LLC, and PIFM Holdco, LLC; Vice President and Corporate Counsel (since January 2005) of Prudential;

and Corporate Counsel (since August 2020) of AST Investment Services, Inc.; formerly Vice President and

Assistant Secretary of PGIM Investments LLC (2005-2020); formerly Associate at Sidley Austin Brown & Wood

LLP (1999-2004).

Since December 2005

Dino Capasso

1974

Chief Compliance Officer

Vice President (since June 2024) of PGIM Investments LLC; Chief Compliance Officer (since July 2024) of the

PGIM Retail Funds, Prudential Annuities Funds and PGIM Alternatives Funds; formerly Chief Compliance Officer

and Vice President (May 2022 - May 2024) of T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., T. Rowe PriceInvestment

Management, Inc., and the T. Rowe Price mutual fund complex; formerly Chief Compliance Officer (September

2019 - April 2022) of PGIM Investments LLC and AST Investment Services, Inc. (ASTIS); formerly Chief

Compliance Officer (July 2019 - April 2022) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds and

(March 2022 - April 2022) of PGIM Private Real Estate Fund, Inc.; formerly Vice President and Deputy Chief

Compliance Officer (June 2017 - September 2019) of PGIM Investments LLC and ASTIS.

Since July 2024

Andrew R. French

1962

Secretary

Vice President and Assistant Secretary (since January 2007) of PGIM Investments LLC; Secretary (since March

2022) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds and (since December 2018) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential

Annuities Funds; Vice President and Assistant Secretary (since January 2007) of Prudential Mutual Fund

Services LLC; formerly Vice President and Corporate Counsel (2010-2018) of Prudential; formerly Director and

Corporate Counsel (2006-2010) of Prudential.

Since October 2006

Melissa Gonzalez

1980

Assistant Secretary

Vice President and Corporate Counsel (since September 2018) of Prudential; Vice President and Assistant

Secretary (since August 2020) of PGIM Investments LLC; Vice President and Assistant Secretary (since June

2025) of AST Investment Services, Inc.; Assistant Secretary (since March 2022) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds,

(since March 2020) of the PGIM Retail Funds and (since March 2019) of the Prudential Annuities Funds;

formerly Director and Corporate Counsel (March 2014-September 2018) of Prudential.

Since March 2020

Patrick E. McGuinness

1986

Assistant Secretary

Director and Corporate Counsel (since February 2017) of Prudential; Vice President and Assistant Secretary

(since August 2020) of PGIM Investments LLC; Assistant Secretary (since March 2022) of the PGIM Alternatives

Funds and (since June 2020) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds.

Since June 2020

Debra Rubano

1975

Assistant Secretary

Vice President and Corporate Counsel (since November 2020) of Prudential; Assistant Secretary (since March

2022) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds and (since December 2020) of the PGIM Retail Funds and (since

November 2020) of the Prudential Annuities Funds; formerly Director and Senior Counsel of Allianz Global

Investors U.S. Holdings LLC (2010-2020) and Assistant Secretary of numerous funds in the Allianz fund

complex (2015-2020).

Since December 2020

George Hoyt

1965

Assistant Secretary

Vice President and Corporate Counsel (since September 2023) of Prudential; Assistant Secretary (since March

2024) of the Prudential Annuities Funds, (since December 2023) of the PGIM Retail Funds, and (since

September 2023) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds; formerly Associate General Counsel of Franklin Templeton

and Secretary and Chief Legal Officer of certain funds in the Franklin Templeton complex (2020-2023) and

Managing Director (2016-2020) and Associate General Counsel for Legg Mason, Inc. and its predecessors

(2004-2020).

Since December 2023

Devan Goolsby

1991

Assistant Secretary

Vice President and Corporate Counsel (since May 2023) of Prudential; Assistant Secretary (since March 2024)

of the Prudential Annuities Funds, (since December 2023) of the PGIM Retail Funds and (since September

2023) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds; formerly Associate at Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP (2021-2023);

Compliance Officer at Bloomberg LP (2019-2021); and an Examiner at the Financial Industry Regulatory

Authority (2015-2019).

Since December 2023

Kelly A. Coyne

1968

Assistant Secretary

Director, Investment Operations (since 2010) of Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC; Assistant Secretary

(since March 2022) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds and (since March 2015) of the PGIM Retail Funds.

Since March 2015

Christian J. Kelly

1975

Chief Financial Officer

Vice President, Global Head of Investment Operations (since November 2018) of PGIM Investments LLC; Chief

Financial Officer (since March 2023) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds and (since July

2022) of the PGIM Alternatives Funds; formerly Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer (January 2019 - March

2023) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds; formerly Treasurer and Principal Financial

Officer (March 2022 - July 2022) of the PGIM Private Real Estate Fund, Inc.; formerly Director of Fund

Administration of Lord Abbett & Co. LLC (2009-2018), Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Lord

Abbett Family of Funds (2017-2018); Director of Accounting, Avenue Capital Group (2008-2009); Senior

Manager, Investment Management Practice of Deloitte & Touche LLP (1998-2007).

Since January 2019

Fund Officers (a)

Name

Year of Birth

Fund Position

Principal Occupation(s) During Past Five Years

Length of

Service as Fund Officer

Russ Shupak

1973

Treasurer and Principal Accounting

Officer

Vice President (since 2017) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration; Treasurer and Principal Accounting

Officer (since September 2023) of the PGIM Credit Income Fund, (since March 2023) of the PGIM Retail Funds,

and (since July 2022) of the PGIM Private Real Estate Fund, Inc.; Assistant Treasurer (since September 2023)

of the PGIM Rock ETF Trust, (since September 2022) of the PGIM Private Credit Fund and (since October 2019)

of the Prudential Annuities Funds; formerly Assistant Treasurer (March 2022 - July 2022) of the PGIM Private

Real Estate Fund, Inc.; formerly Director (2013-2017) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration.

Since October 2019

Lana Lomuti

1967

Assistant Treasurer

Vice President (since 2007) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration; Assistant Secretary (since April

2014) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds; formerly Assistant Treasurer (December 2007-

February 2014) of The Greater China Fund, Inc.; formerly Director (2005-2007) within PGIM Investments Fund

Administration.

Since April 2014

Deborah Conway

1969

Assistant Treasurer

Vice President (since 2017) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration; Assistant Secretary (since October

2019) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds; formerly Director (2007-2017) within PGIM

Investments Fund Administration.

Since October

2019

Elyse M. McLaughlin

1974

Assistant Treasurer

Vice President (since 2017) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration; Treasurer and Principal Accounting

Officer (since September 2023) of the PGIM Rock ETF Trust, (since March 2023) of the Prudential Annuities

Funds, and (since September 2022) of the PGIM Private Credit Fund; Assistant Treasurer (since September

2023) of the PGIM Credit Income Fund, (since March 2022) of the PGIM Private Real Estate Fund, Inc., and

(since October 2019) of the PGIM Retail Funds; formerly Director (2011-2017) within PGIM Investments Fund

Administration.

Since October 2019

Robert W. McCormack

1973

Assistant Treasurer

Vice President (since 2019) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration; Assistant Treasurer (since March

2023) of the PGIM Retail Funds and Prudential Annuities Funds and (since March 2022) of the PGIM

Alternatives Funds; formerly Director (2016-2019) within PGIM Investments Fund Administration; formerly Vice

President within Goldman, Sachs & Co.Investment Management Controllers (2008-2016), Assistant Treasurer

of Goldman Sachs Family of Funds (2015-2016).

Since March 2023

Kelly Florio

1978

Anti-Money Laundering Compliance

Officer

Vice President, Corporate Compliance, Global Compliance Programs and Compliance Risk Management (since

December 2021) of Prudential; formerly Head of Fraud Risk Management (October 2019-December 2021) at

New York Life Insurance Company; formerly Head of Key Risk Area Operations (November 2018-October 2019),

Director of the US Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Unit (2009-2018) and Bank Loss Prevention Associate

(2006-2009) at MetLife.

Since June 2022

(a) Excludes Mr. Parker and Mr. Benjamin, interested Board Members who also serve as President and Vice President, respectively.

Explanatory Notes to Tables:

?

Board Members are deemed to be "Interested," as defined in the 1940 Act, by reason of their affiliation with PGIM Investments LLC and/or an affiliate of PGIM Investments LLC.

?

Unless otherwise noted, the address of all Board Members and Officers is c/o PGIM Investments LLC, 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102-4410.

?

There is no set term of office for Board Members or Officers. The Board Members have adopted a retirement policy, which calls for the retirement of Board Members on December 31 of the year in which they reach the age of 75.

?

"Other Directorships Held" includes all directorships of companies required to register or file reports with the SEC under the 1934 Act (that is, "public companies") or other investment companies registered under the 1940 Act.

?

"Portfolios Overseen" includes such applicable investment companies managed by PGIM Investments LLC and overseen by the Board Member. The investment companies for which PGIM Investments LLC serves as manager include:

?

The "PGIM Retail Funds" (currently consisting of the PGIM Retail Mutual Funds, PGIM ETF Trust, PGIM High Yield Bond Fund, Inc., PGIM Global High Yield Fund, Inc. and PGIM Short Duration High Yield Opportunities Fund);

?

The "Prudential Annuities Funds" (currently consisting of The Prudential Series Fund, Prudential's Gibraltar Fund, Inc. and the Advanced Series Trust); and

?

The "PGIM Alternatives Funds" (currently consisting of PGIM Rock ETF Trust, PGIM Private Real Estate Fund, Inc., PGIM Private Credit Fund, and PGIM Credit Income Fund).

?

As used in the Fund Officers table "Prudential" means The Prudential Insurance Company of America.

COMPENSATION OF BOARD MEMBERS AND OFFICERS. Pursuant to a management agreement with PIP 12 on behalf of the Fund the Manager pays all compensation of Fund Officers and employees as well as the fees and expenses of all Interested Board Members.

The Fund pays each Independent Board Member annual compensation in addition to certain out-of-pocket expenses. Independent Board Members who serve on Board Committees may receive additional compensation. The amount of annual compensation paid to each Independent Board Member may change as a result of the introduction of additional funds on whose Boards the Board Member may be asked to serve.

Independent Board Members may defer receipt of their fees pursuant to a deferred fee agreement with the Fund. Under the terms of the agreement, the Fund accrues deferred Board Members' fees daily which, in turn, accrue interest at a rate equivalent to the prevailing rate of 90-day U.S. Treasury Bills at the beginning of each calendar quarter or at the daily rate of return of any mutual fund

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 32

managed by PGIM Investments chosen by the Board Member. Payment of the interest so accrued is also deferred and becomes payable at the option of the Board Member. The obligation to make payments of deferred Board Members' fees, together with interest thereon, is a general obligation of the Fund. The Fund does not have a retirement or pension plan for Board Members.

The following table sets forth the aggregate compensation paid by the Fund for the most recently completed fiscal year to the Independent Board Members for service on the Board, and the Board of any other investment company in the Fund Complex for the most recently completed calendar year. Board Members and officers who are "interested persons" of the Fund (as defined in the 1940 Act) do not receive compensation from PGIM Investments-managed funds and therefore are not shown in the following table.

Name                           Aggregate Fiscal YearCompensation from the Fund Pension or Retirement BenefitsAccrued as Part of Fund Expenses Estimated Annual BenefitsUpon Retirement Total Compensation from Fundand Fund Complex for MostRecent Calendar Year
Compensation Received by Independent Board Members
Ellen S. Alberding*** $2,393   None                                            None                                                           $323,000* (33/104)** 
Kevin J. Bannon                $2,483                                          None                                                           None                                     $343,000* (33/105)** 
Linda W. Bynoe                 $2,427                                          None                                                           None                                     $327,000* (30/102)** 
Barry Evans*** $2,703          None                                            None                                                           $385,000* (32/105)** 
Keith F. Hartstein             $2,910                                          None                                                           None                                     $421,000* (33/105)** 
Laurie Simon Hodrick*** $2,523 None                                            None                                                           $343,000* (29/102)** 
Brian Reid                     $2,703                                          None                                                           None                                     $385,000* (32/105)** 
Grace C. Torres                $2,703                                          None                                                           None                                     $385,000* (32/105)** 


Explanatory Notes to Board Member Compensation Tables

* Compensation relates to portfolios that were in existence for any period during 2024.

** Number of funds and portfolios represent those in existence as of December 31, 2024, and excludes funds that have merged or liquidated during the year. Additionally, the number of funds and portfolios includes those which are approved as of December 31, 2024, however, may commence operations after that date. No compensation is paid out from such funds/portfolios.

*** Under the deferred fee agreement for the PGIM Investments-managed funds, certain Board Members have elected to defer all or part of their total compensation. The amount of compensation deferred during the calendar year ended December 31, 2024, amounted to $289,370, $345,480, and $311,690 for Ms. Alberding, Mr. Evans, and Ms. Hodrick, respectively. Under the deferred fee arrangement, these amounts are deposited into a trust held for the benefit of participating Board Members and are not continuing obligations of the Fund.

BOARD COMMITTEES. The Board has established four standing committees in connection with Fund governance-Audit, Nominating and Governance, Investment, and Compliance. Information on the membership of each standing committee and its functions is set forth below.

Audit Committee: The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is not an "interested person" as defined in the 1940 Act. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in overseeing the Fund's independent registered public accounting firm, accounting policies and procedures and other areas relating to the Fund's auditing processes. The Audit Committee is responsible for pre-approving all audit services and any permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm directly to the Fund. The Audit Committee is also responsible for pre-approving permitted services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to (1) the Manager and (2) any entity in a control relationship with the Manager that provides ongoing services to the Fund, provided that the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm relates directly to the operation and financial reporting of the Fund. The scope of the Audit Committee's responsibilities is oversight. It is management's responsibility to maintain appropriate systems for accounting and internal control and the independent registered public accounting firm's responsibility to plan and carry out an audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The number of Audit Committee meetings held during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year is set forth in the table below.

The membership of the Audit Committee is set forth below:

Grace Torres (Chair)

Linda Bynoe

Barry Evans

Keith Hartstein (ex-officio)

Brian Reid

Nominating and Governance Committee: The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board is responsible for nominating Board Members and making recommendations to the Board concerning Board composition, committee structure and governance, director education, and governance practices. The Board has determined that each member of the Nominating and Governance Committee is

not an "interested person" as defined in the 1940 Act. The number of Nominating and Governance Committee meetings held during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year is set forth in the table below. The Nominating and Governance Committee Charter is available on the Fund's website.

The membership of the Nominating and Governance Committee is set forth below:

Kevin Bannon (Chair)

Ellen Alberding

Keith Hartstein (ex-officio)

Laurie Simon Hodrick

Investment Committees: The Board of each fund in the PGIM retail funds complex has formed joint committees to review the performance of each fund in the Fund Complex. The Gibraltar Investment Committee reviews the performance of each fund that is subadvised by Jennison Associates LLC and PGIM Quantitative Solutions LLC (single managed funds). The Dryden Investment Committee reviews the performance of each fund that is subadvised by PGIM Fixed Income, PGIM Real Estate (each of which is a business unit of PGIM, Inc.), PGIM Limited, PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited, PGIM Quantitative Solutions LLC (asset allocation funds) and PGIM DC Solutions LLC. In addition, the Dryden Investment Committee reviews the performance of the closed-end funds. Each committee meets at least four times per year and reports the results of its review to the full Board of each fund at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Every Independent Board Member sits on one of the two Investment Committees.

The number of Gibraltar Investment Committee or Dryden Investment Committee meetings, as applicable, held during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year is set forth in the table below.

The membership of the Gibraltar Investment Committee and the Dryden Investment Committee is set forth below:

Gibraltar Investment Committee

Laurie Simon Hodrick (Chair)

Linda Bynoe

Keith Hartstein (ex-officio)

Grace Torres

Dryden Investment Committee

Barry Evans (Chair)

Ellen Alberding

Kevin Bannon

Keith Hartstein (ex-officio)

Brian Reid

Compliance Committee. The Compliance Committee serves as the liaison between the Board and the Fund's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"). In its role as liaison, the Compliance Committee assists the Board in overseeing compliance matters and administration. The Compliance Committee's responsibilities include, among other matters, considering any material compliance matter reported by the CCO between meetings of the Board and receiving reports on any investigations into matters within the Committee's scope of responsibilities.

The number of Compliance Committee meetings held during the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year is set forth in the table below.

The membership of the Compliance Committee is set forth below:

Brian Reid (Chair)

Barry Evans

Keith Hartstein (ex-officio)

Grace Torres

Board Committee Meetings (for most recently completed fiscal year)
Audit Committee Nominating & Governance Committee Dryden & Gibraltar InvestmentCommittees Compliance Committee
4               4                                 4                                       4


LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE AND QUALIFICATIONS OF BOARD MEMBERS. The Board is responsible for oversight of the Fund. The Fund has engaged the Manager to manage the Fund on a day-to-day basis. The Board oversees the Manager and certain other principal service providers in the operations of the Fund. The Board is currently composed of ten members, eight of whom are Independent Board

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 34

Members. The Board meets in-person at regularly scheduled meetings four times throughout the year. In addition, the Board Members may meet in-person or by telephone at special meetings or on an informal basis at other times. As described above, the Board has established four standing committees-Audit, Nominating and Governance, Investment and Compliance-and may establish ad hoc committees or working groups from time to time, to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities. The Independent Board Members have also engaged independent legal counsel to assist them in fulfilling their responsibilities.

The Board is chaired by an Independent Board Member. As Chair, this Independent Board Member leads the Board in its activities. Also, the Chair acts as a member or as an ex-officio member of each standing committee and any ad hoc committee of the Board. The Board Members have determined that the Board's leadership and committee structure is appropriate because the Board believes it sets the proper tone to the relationships between the Fund, on the one hand, and the Manager, the subadviser(s) and certain other principal service providers, on the other, and facilitates the exercise of the Board's independent judgment in evaluating and managing the relationships. In addition, the structure efficiently allocates responsibility among committees.

The Board has concluded that, based on each Board Member's experience, qualifications, attributes or skills on an individual basis and in combination with those of the other Board Members, each Board Member should serve as a Board Member. Among other attributes common to all Board Members are their ability to review critically, evaluate, question and discuss information provided to them, to interact effectively with the various service providers to the Fund, and to exercise reasonable business judgment in the performance of their duties as Board Members. In addition, the Board has taken into account the actual service and commitment of the Board Members during their tenure in concluding that each should continue to serve. A Board Member's ability to perform his or her duties effectively may have been attained through a Board Member's educational background or professional training; business, consulting, public service or academic positions; experience from service as a Board Member of the Fund, other funds in the Fund Complex, public companies, or non-profit entities or other organizations; or other experiences or a combination of the foregoing. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of each Board Member that led the Board to conclude that he or she should serve as a Board Member.

Ellen S. Alberding. Ms. Alberding joined the Board of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex in 2013. Ms. Alberding has over 30 years of experience in the non-profit sector, including over 20 years as the president of a charitable foundation, where she oversees multiple investment managers. Ms. Alberding also served as a Trustee of the Aon Funds from 2000 to 2003.

Kevin J. Bannon. Mr. Bannon joined the Board of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex in 2008. Mr. Bannon has held senior executive positions in the financial services industry, including serving as a senior executive of asset management firms, for over 25 years.

Linda W. Bynoe. Ms. Bynoe has been a Board Member of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex since 2005, having served on the boards of other mutual fund complexes since 1993. She has worked in the financial services industry over 20 years, has over 30 years of experience as a management consultant and serves as a Director of financial services and other complex global corporations.

Barry H. Evans. Mr. Evans joined the Board of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex in 2017. Mr. Evans has held senior executive positions and various portfolio manager roles in an asset management firm for 30 years.

Keith F. Hartstein . Mr. Hartstein joined the Board of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex in 2013. Mr. Hartstein has worked in the asset management industry for 30 years and served as a senior executive in an asset management firm.

Laurie Simon Hodrick . Ms. Hodrick joined the Board of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex in 2017. Ms. Hodrick brings more than 30 years of experience as a finance academic, practitioner, and consultant.

Brian K. Reid . Mr. Reid joined the Board of the Fund and the other funds in the Fund Complex in 2018. Mr. Reid has more than 30 years of experience in economics and related fields, including serving as Chief Economist for the Investment Company Institute ("ICI") for 13 years.

Grace C. Torres. Ms. Torres joined the Board of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex in 2014. Ms. Torres formerly served as Treasurer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer for the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex for 16 years and held senior positions with the Manager from 1999 to 2014. In addition, Ms. Torres is a certified public accountant ("CPA").

Stuart S. Parker . Mr. Parker, who has served as an Interested Board Member and President of the Fund and the other funds in the Fund Complex since 2012, is President, Chief Executive Officer and Officer in Charge of PGIM Investments and several of its affiliates that provide services to the Fund and has held senior positions in PGIM Investments since 2005.

Scott E. Benjamin . Mr. Benjamin, an Interested Board Member of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex since 2010, serves as Executive Vice President of the Fund and other funds in the Fund Complex and has held senior positions in PGIM Investments since 2003.

Specific details about each Board Member's professional experience appear in the professional biography tables, above.

Risk Oversight. Investing in general and the operation of a mutual fund involve a variety of risks, such as investment risk, illiquidity risk, compliance risk, and operational risk, among others. The Board oversees risk as part of its oversight of the Fund. Risk oversight is addressed as part of various regular Board and committee activities. The Board, directly or through its committees, reviews reports from among others, the Manager, subadvisers, the Fund's Chief Compliance Officer, the Fund's independent registered public accounting firm, counsel, and internal auditors of the Manager or its affiliates, as appropriate, regarding risks faced by the Fund and the risk management programs of the Manager and certain service providers. The actual day-to-day risk management with respect to the Fund resides with the Manager and other service providers to the Fund. Although the risk management policies of the Manager and the service providers are designed to be effective, those policies and their implementation vary among service providers and over time, and there is no guarantee that they will be effective. Not all risks that may affect the Fund can be identified or processes and controls developed to eliminate or mitigate their occurrence or effects, and some risks are simply beyond any control of the Fund or the Manager, its affiliates or other service providers.

Selection of Board Member Nominees. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for considering nominees for Board Members at such times as it considers electing new members to the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee may consider recommendations by business and personal contacts of current Board Members, and by executive search firms which the Committee may engage from time to time and will also consider shareholder recommendations. The Nominating and Governance Committee has not established specific, minimum qualifications that it believes must be met by a nominee. In evaluating nominees, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers, among other things, an individual's background, skills, and experience; whether the individual is an "interested person" as defined in the 1940 Act; and whether the individual would be deemed an "audit committee financial expert" within the meaning of applicable SEC rules. The Nominating and Governance Committee also considers whether the individual's background, skills, and experience will complement the background, skills, and experience of other nominees and Board Members and will contribute to the diversity of the Board. There are no differences in the manner in which the Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates nominees for the Board based on whether the nominee is recommended by a shareholder.

A shareholder who wishes to recommend a board member for nomination should submit his or her recommendation in writing to the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, in either case in care of the specified Fund(s), at 655 Broad Street, 6 th Floor, Newark, New Jersey 07102-4410. At a minimum, the recommendation should include: the name, address and business, educational and/or other pertinent background of the person being recommended; a statement concerning whether the person is an "interested person" as defined in the 1940 Act; any other information that the Fund would be required to include in a proxy statement concerning the person if he or she was nominated; and the name and address of the person submitting the recommendation, together with the number of Fund shares held by such person and the period for which the shares have been held. The recommendation also can include any additional information which the person submitting it believes would assist the Nominating and Governance Committee in evaluating the recommendation.

Shareholders should note that a person who owns securities issued by Prudential (the parent company of the Fund's Manager) would be deemed an "interested person" under the 1940 Act. In addition, certain other relationships with Prudential or its subsidiaries, with registered broker-dealers, or with the Fund's outside legal counsel may cause a person to be deemed an "interested person." Before the Nominating and Governance Committee decides to nominate an individual to the Board, Committee members and other Board Members customarily interview the individual in person. In addition, the individual customarily is asked to complete a detailed questionnaire which is designed to elicit information which must be disclosed under SEC and stock exchange rules and to determine whether the individual is subject to any statutory disqualification from serving on the board of a registered investment company.

Share Ownership. Information relating to each Board Member's Fund share ownership and in all registered funds in the PGIM Investments-advised funds that are overseen by the respective Board Member as of the most recently completed calendar year is set forth in the chart below.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 36

Name                 Dollar Range of EquitySecurities in the Fund Aggregate Dollar Range ofEquity Securities in AllRegistered InvestmentCompanies Overseen byBoard Member in Fund Complex
Board Member Share Ownership: Independent Board Members
Ellen S. Alberding   None                                         Over $100,000
Kevin J. Bannon      None                                         Over $100,000
Linda W. Bynoe       None                                         Over $100,000
Barry H. Evans       None                                         Over $100,000
Keith F. Hartstein   None                                         Over $100,000
Laurie Simon Hodrick None                                         Over $100,000
Brian K. Reid        None                                         Over $100,000
Grace C. Torres      $10,001-$50,000                              Over $100,000
Board Member Share Ownership: Interested Board Members
Scott E. Benjamin    $10,001-$50,000                              Over $100,000
Stuart S. Parker     None                                         Over $100,000


None of the Independent Board Members, or any member of his/her immediate family, owned beneficially or of record any securities in an investment adviser or principal underwriter of the Fund or a person (other than a registered investment company) directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with an investment adviser or principal underwriter of the Fund as of the most recently completed calendar year.

Shareholder Communications with Board Members. Shareholders can communicate directly with Board Members by writing to the Chair of the Board, c/o the Fund, 655 Broad Street, 6 th Floor, Newark, New Jersey 07102-4410. Shareholders can communicate directly with an individual Board Member by writing to that Board Member, c/o the Fund, 655 Broad Street, 6 th Floor, Newark, New Jersey 07102-4410. Such communications to the Board or individual Board Members are not screened before being delivered to the addressee.

MANAGEMENT & ADVISORY ARRANGEMENTS

MANAGER. The Manager's address is 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102-4410. The Manager serves as manager to all of the other investment companies that, together with the Fund, comprise the PGIM Funds. See the Prospectus for more information about PGIM Investments LLC ("PGIM Investments"). As of October 31, 2025, the Manager served as the investment manager to all of the Prudential U.S. and offshore open-end investment companies, and as administrator to closed-end investment companies, with aggregate assets of approximately $335.3 billion.

The Manager is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PIFM Holdco, LLC, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PGIM Holding Company LLC, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential. PMFS, an affiliate of PGIM Investments, serves as the transfer agent and dividend distribution agent for the PGIM Funds and, in addition, provides customer service, record keeping and management and administrative services to qualified plans.

Pursuant to the Management Agreement between PIP 12, on behalf of the Fund, and PGIM Investments (the "Management Agreement"), PGIM Investments, subject to the supervision of the Board and in conformity with the stated policies of the Fund, manages both the investment operations of the Fund and the composition of the Fund's portfolio, including the purchase, retention, disposition and loan of securities and other assets. In connection therewith, the Manager is obligated to keep certain books and records of the Fund. The Manager is authorized to enter into subadvisory agreements for investment advisory services in connection with the management of the Fund. The Manager will continue to have responsibility for all investment advisory services performed pursuant to any such subadvisory agreements. PGIM Investments will review the performance of the subadviser(s) and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the retention of subadvisers and the renewal of contracts. The Manager also administers the Fund's corporate affairs and, in connection therewith, furnishes the Fund with office facilities, together with those ordinary clerical and bookkeeping services which are not being furnished by the Fund's custodian (the "Custodian") and PMFS. The management services of PGIM Investments to the Fund are not exclusive under the terms of the Management Agreement and PGIM Investments is free to, and does, render management services to others.

PGIM Investments may from time to time waive all or a portion of its management fee and subsidize all or a portion of the operating expenses of the Fund. Fee waivers and subsidies will increase the Fund's total return. These voluntary waivers may be terminated at any time without notice. To the extent that PGIM Investments agrees to waive its fee or subsidize the Fund's expenses, it may enter into a relationship agreement with the subadviser to share the economic impact of the fee waiver or expense subsidy.

In connection with its management of the corporate affairs of the Fund, PGIM Investments bears the following expenses:

?

the salaries and expenses of all of its and the Fund's personnel except the fees and expenses of Independent Board Members;

?

all expenses incurred by the Manager or the Fund in connection with managing the ordinary course of the Fund's business, other than those assumed by the Fund as described below; and

?

the fees, costs and expenses payable to any subadviser pursuant to a subadvisory agreement between PGIM Investments and such subadviser.

Under the terms of the Management Agreement, the Fund is responsible for the payment of the following expenses:

?

the fees and expenses incurred by the Fund in connection with the management of the investment and reinvestment of the Fund's assets payable to the Manager;

?

the fees and expenses of Independent Board Members;

?

the fees and certain expenses of the Custodian and transfer and dividend disbursing agent, including the cost of providing records to the Manager in connection with its obligation of maintaining required records of the Fund and of pricing the Fund's shares;

?

the charges and expenses of the Fund's legal counsel and independent auditors and of legal counsel to the Independent Board Members;

?

brokerage commissions and any issue or transfer taxes chargeable to the Fund in connection with Fund securities (and futures, if applicable) transactions;

?

all taxes and corporate fees payable by the Fund to governmental agencies;

?

the fees of any trade associations of which the Fund may be a member;

?

the cost of share certificates representing, and/or non-negotiable share deposit receipts evidencing, shares of the Fund;

?

the cost of fidelity, directors and officers and errors and omissions insurance;

?

the fees and expenses involved in registering and maintaining registration of the Fund and of Fund shares with the SEC and paying notice filing fees under state securities laws, including the preparation and printing of the Fund's registration statements and prospectuses for such purposes; allocable communications expenses with respect to investor services and all expenses of shareholders' and Board meetings and of preparing, printing and mailing reports and notices to shareholders; and

?

litigation and indemnification expenses and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the Fund's business and distribution and service (12b-1) fees.

The Management Agreement provides that PGIM Investments will not be liable for any error of judgment by PGIM Investments or for any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which the Management Agreement relates, except a loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the receipt of compensation for services (in which case any award of damages shall be limited to the period and the amount set forth in Section 36(b)(3) of the 1940 Act) or loss resulting from willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence or reckless disregard of duties. The Management Agreement provides that it will terminate automatically if assigned (as defined in the 1940 Act), and that it may be terminated without penalty by either PGIM Investments or the Fund by the Board or vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund (as defined in the 1940 Act) upon not more than 60 days', nor less than 30 days', written notice. The Management Agreement will continue in effect for a period of more than two years from the date of execution only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act.

Fees payable under the Management Agreement are computed daily and paid monthly. The applicable fee rate and the management fees received by PGIM Investments from the Fund for the indicated fiscal years are set forth below.

Management Fee Rate:

0.75% of average daily net assets to $5 billion;

0.74% of average daily net assets from $5 billion to $10 billion;

0.73% of average daily net assets over $10 billion

Management Fees Paid by the Fund                                     
                                              2025       2024       2023
Gross Fee                                     $6,501,882 $7,071,308 $7,207,954
Amount Waived/ Reimbursed by PGIM Investments $(10,347)  $(10,698)  $(10,288)
Net Fee                                       $6,491,535 $7,060,610 $7,197,666


PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 38

Note: For the fiscal years shown above, PGIM Investments contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse certain expenses. The "gross fee" shown above is the fee amount that PGIM Investments earned from the Fund without reflecting the impact of the contractual fee waiver/reimbursement arrangement. The "net fee" reflects the impact of the contractual fee waiver/reimbursement, and is the actual fee amount paid by the Fund, if any, to PGIM Investments.

SUBADVISORY ARRANGEMENTS. The Manager has entered into a subadvisory agreement ("Subadvisory Agreement") with the Fund's subadvisers. The Subadvisory Agreement provides that the subadvisers will furnish investment advisory services in connection with the management of the Fund. In connection therewith, the subadvisers are obligated to keep certain books and records of the Fund. Under the Subadvisory Agreement, the subadvisers, subject to the supervision of PGIM Investments, are responsible for managing the assets of the Fund in accordance with the Fund's investment objectives, investment program and policies. The subadvisers determine what securities and other instruments are purchased and sold for the Fund and are responsible for obtaining and evaluating financial data relevant to the Fund. PGIM Investments continues to have responsibility for all investment advisory services pursuant to the Management Agreement and supervises the subadvisers' performance of such services.

As discussed in the Prospectus, PGIM Investments employs the subadvisers under a "manager of managers" structure that allows PGIM Investments to replace the subadvisers or amend a Subadvisory Agreement without seeking shareholder approval. The Subadvisory Agreement provides that it will terminate in the event of its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or upon the termination of the Management Agreement. The Subadvisory Agreement may be terminated by the Fund, PGIM Investments, or the subadvisers upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' written notice. The Subadvisory Agreement provides that it will continue in effect for a period of not more than two years from its execution only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Any new subadvisory agreement or amendment to the Fund's Management Agreement or Subadvisory Agreement that directly or indirectly results in an increase in the aggregate management fee rate payable by the Fund will be submitted to the Fund's shareholders for their approval. PGIM Investments does not currently intend to retain unaffiliated subadvisers.

The applicable fee rate and the subadvisory fees paid by PGIM Investments for the indicated fiscal years are set forth below. Subadvisory fees are based on the average daily net assets of the Fund, calculated and paid on a monthly basis, at the fee rate as set forth in the Subadvisory Agreement. Subadvisory fees are paid by PGIM Investments out of the management fee that it receives from the Fund.

Fund Subadviser & Fee Rates
Subadviser                                     Fee Rate
PGIM Real Estate/PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited 0.45% to $1 billion;0.40% over $1 billion


Subadvisory Fees Paid by PGIM Investments:*                           
                                               2025       2024       2023
PGIM Real Estate/PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited $3,294,287 $3,582,796 $3,652,030


* PGIM Investments, PGIM, Inc. (on behalf of PGIM Real Estate) and PGIM RE (UK) Limited have executed a waiver agreement with respect to the Fund, pursuant to which the parties have agreed that PGIM Investments will pay PGIM Real Estate and PGIM RE (UK) Limited a subadvisory fee of 0.38% of the Fund's average daily net assets. The waiver agreement will remain in effect until further mutual agreement of the parties.

THE FUND'S PORTFOLIO MANAGERS: INFORMATION ABOUT OTHER ACCOUNTS MANAGED

The table below identifies the number and total assets of other registered investment companies and other types of investment accounts managed by each portfolio manager. For each category, the number of investment accounts and total assets in the investment accounts whose fees are based on performance, if any, is indicated in italics typeface. Information shown below is as of the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year, unless noted otherwise.

Other Funds and Investment Accounts Managed by the Portfolio Managers
Subadviser                            Portfolio Managers          Registered InvestmentCompanies/Total Assets Other PooledInvestment Vehicles/Total Assets Other Accounts/Total Assets
PGIM Real Estate* Rick J. Romano, CFA 7/$863,613,2401/$55,864,289 3/$537,438,022                              18/$2,517,347,9771/$588,139,489
                                      Daniel Cooney, CFA          7/$863,613,2401/$55,864,289                 3/$537,438,022                               18/$2,517,347,9771/$588,139,489
                                      Alvin Chan, CFA             7/$863,613,2401/$55,864,289                 3/$537,438,022                               18/$2,517,347,9771/$588,139,489


Other Funds and Investment Accounts Managed by the Portfolio Managers
Subadviser                    Portfolio Managers Registered InvestmentCompanies/Total Assets Other PooledInvestment Vehicles/Total Assets Other Accounts/Total Assets
PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited Michael Gallagher  7/$863,613,2401/$55,864,289                 3/$537,438,022                               18/$2,517,347,9771/$588,139,489


*PGIM Real Estate is a business unit of PGIM, Inc.

THE FUND'S PORTFOLIO MANAGERS: PERSONAL INVESTMENTS AND FINANCIAL INTERESTS

The table below identifies the dollar value (in ranges) of investments beneficially held by, and financial interests awarded to, each portfolio manager, if any, in the Fund and in other investment accounts managed by each portfolio manager that utilize investment strategies, objectives and policies similar to the Fund. Information shown below is as of the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year, unless noted otherwise.

Personal Investments and Financial Interests of the Portfolio Managers
Subadviser                             Portfolio Managers Investments and Other Financial Interestsin the Fund and Similar Strategies*
PGIM Real Estate** Rick J. Romano, CFA Over $1,000,000
                                       Daniel Cooney, CFA Over $1,000,000
                                       Alvin Chan, CFA    $100,001-$500,000
PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited          Michael Gallagher  $100,001-$500,000


* "Investments and Other Financial Interests in the Fund and Similar Strategies" include the Fund and all other investment accounts which are managed by the same portfolio manager that utilize investment strategies, investment objectives and policies that are similar to those of the Fund. "Other Investment Accounts" in similar strategies include other registered investment companies, insurance company separate accounts, and collective and commingled trusts. "Investments" include holdings in the Fund and in investment accounts in similar strategies, including shares or units that may be held through a 401(k) plan and/or deferred compensation plan. "Other Financial Interests" include interests in the Fund and in investment accounts in similar strategies resulting from awards under an investment professional's long-term compensation plan, where such awards track the performance of certain strategies and are subject to increase or decrease based on the annual performance of such strategies. The dollar ranges for each Portfolio Manager's investment in the Fund are as follows: Rick J. Romano, CFA: $100,001 - $500,000; Daniel Cooney, CFA: $100,001 - $500,000; Alvin Chan, CFA: $10,001 -$50,000; Michael Gallagher: $10,001 - $50,000.

** PGIM Real Estate is a business unit of PGIM, Inc.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PORTFOLIO MANAGERS-COMPENSATION AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. Set forth below is an explanation of the structure of, and methods used to determine, portfolio manager compensation. Also set forth below is an explanation of any material conflicts of interest that may arise between a portfolio manager's management of the Fund's investments and investments in other accounts.

PGIM REAL ESTATE. Portfolio managers are compensated based on the overall performance of PGIM Real Estate, including the Real Estate Securities Group. Additionally, officers of the Real Estate Securities Group receive compensation from carried interest that is generated by our real estate private equity funds. The carried interest compensation is tied to a multi-year vesting plan.

COMPENSATION. Specifically, there are three elements of compensation: base salary, bonus and deferred compensation.

Base salary/bonus-reviews are completed for these components annually. Bonuses are generally based on investment performance, on the overall financial results of PGIM, PGIM Real Estate, the Real Estate Securities Group, as well as the individual's own performance and contribution. For officers, bonuses can range from 70% to 200% of base salary. PGIM Real Estate's incentive compensation program is designed to align the interests of each investment professional with those of our clients. Total compensation is designed to be competitive with the market, but an individual's actual compensation will vary. The size of the overall bonus pool available in a given year primarily depends on the financial performance of PGIM Real Estate and the investment performance of our clients' accounts for the applicable year measured against each account's benchmark. An individual's share of the pool is based on his or her contribution toward meeting these goals. The individual's contribution is determined based on a set of goals for that individual, the performance of the accounts in which the individual is involved and the judgment of senior management. Thus, the performance of our clients' accounts, PGIM Real Estate and the individual are all important factors in the size of the annual bonus awarded to an individual.

Individuals at the Managing Director, Principals, and Vice President levels also receive deferred compensation awards. Those professionals who are eligible to participate in this program receive an annual award based on the same factors as the annual bonus. The award, however, is not immediately paid to the individual and does not vest until three years later. During that period, the value of the award increases or decreases based on the performance of the accounts on which the participant works directly and the performance of all discretionary equity real estate accounts that PGIM Real Estate manages.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 40

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. PGIM Real Estate is a division of PGIM, which is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Financial and is part of a full scale global financial services organization, affiliated with insurance companies, investment advisers and broker-dealers. PGIM Real Estate's portfolio managers are often responsible for managing multiple accounts, including accounts of affiliates, institutional accounts, mutual funds, insurance company separate accounts and various pooled investment vehicles, such as commingled trust funds and unregistered funds. These affiliations and portfolio management responsibilities may cause potential and actual conflicts of interest. PGIM Real Estate aims to conduct itself in a manner it considers to be the most fair and consistent with its fiduciary obligations to all of its clients, including the Fund.

Management of multiple accounts and funds side-by-side may raise potential conflicts of interest relating to the allocation of investment opportunities, the aggregation and allocation of trades and cross trading. PGIM Real Estate has developed policies and procedures designed to address these potential conflicts of interest.

There may be restrictions imposed by law, regulation or contract regarding how much, if any, of a particular security PGIM Real Estate may purchase or sell on behalf of a Fund, and as to the timing of such purchase or sale. Such restrictions may come into play as a result of PGIM Real Estate's relationship with Prudential Financial and its other affiliates. The Fund may be prohibited from engaging in transactions with its affiliates even when such transactions may be beneficial for the Fund. Certain affiliated transactions are permitted in accordance with applicable law and procedures adopted thereunder by the Trust and reviewed by the Independent Board Members of the Trust.

PGIM Real Estate may come into possession of material, non-public information with respect to a particular issuer and as a result be unable to execute purchase or sale transactions in securities of such issuer for a Fund. PGIM Real Estate, on behalf of client portfolios, engages in real estate and other transactions with REITs and real estate operating companies and may thereby obtain material, non-public information about issuers, resulting in restrictions in trading in securities of such issuers. PGIM Real Estate generally is able to avoid certain other potential conflicts due to the possession of material, non-public information by maintaining information barriers to prevent the transfer of this information between units of PGIM as well as between affiliates and PGIM. Additionally, in an effort to avoid potential conflicts of interest, PGIM Real Estate has procedures in place to carefully consider whether or not to accept material, non-public information with respect to certain issuers, where appropriate.

Certain affiliates of PGIM Real Estate develop and may publish credit research that is independent from the research developed within PGIM Real Estate. PGIM Real Estate may hold different opinions on the investment merits of a given security, issuer or industry such that PGIM Real Estate may be purchasing or holding a security for the Fund and an affiliated entity may be selling or recommending a sale of the same security or other securities of the issuer. Conversely, PGIM Real Estate may be selling a security for the Fund and an affiliated entity may be purchasing or recommending a buy of the same security or other securities of the same issuer. In addition, PGIM Real Estate's affiliated broker-dealers or investment advisers may be executing transactions in the market in the same securities as the Fund at the same time. PGIM Real Estate may cause securities transactions to be executed for the Fund concurrently with authorizations to purchase or sell the same securities for other accounts managed by PGIM Real Estate, including proprietary accounts or accounts of affiliates. In these instances, the executions of purchases or sales, where possible, are allocated equitably among the various accounts (including the Fund).

PGIM Real Estate may buy or sell, or may direct or recommend that one client buy or sell, securities of the same kind or class that are purchased or sold for the Fund, at prices which may be different. In addition, PGIM Real Estate may, at any time, execute trades of securities of the same kind or class in one direction for an account and trade in the opposite direction or not trade for any other account, including the Fund, due to differences in investment strategy or client direction.

The fees charged to advisory clients by PGIM Real Estate may differ depending upon a number of factors including, but not limited to, the unit providing the advisory services, the particular strategy, the size of a portfolio being managed, the relationship with the client, the origination and service requirements and the asset class involved. Fees may also differ based on account type (e.g., commingled accounts, trust accounts, insurance company separate accounts, and corporate, bank or trust-owned life insurance products). Fees are negotiable so one client with similar investment objectives or goals may be paying a higher fee than another client. Fees paid by certain clients may also be higher due to performance based fees which increase based on the performance of a portfolio above an established benchmark.

Large clients generate more revenue for PGIM Real Estate than do smaller accounts. A portfolio manager may be faced with a conflict of interest when allocating scarce investment opportunities given the benefit to PGIM Real Estate of favoring accounts that pay a higher fee or generate more income for PGIM. To address this conflict of interest, PGIM Real Estate has adopted allocation policies as well as supervisory procedures that are intended to fairly allocate investment opportunities among competing client accounts. PGIM Real Estate manages certain funds that are subject to incentive compensation on a side-by-side basis with other accounts including the Fund.

PGIM Real Estate has implemented policies and procedures to address potential conflicts of interest arising out of such side-by-side management.

Conflicts of interest may also arise regarding proxy voting. A committee of senior business representatives together with relevant regulatory personnel oversees the proxy voting process and monitors potential conflicts of interest relating to proxy voting.

PGIM Real Estate and certain of its affiliates engage in various activities related to investment in real estate. For example, PGIM Real Estate or any of its affiliates may enter into financing arrangements with issuers of real estate securities, including the making of loans secured by the assets or by the credit of the issuer of the real estate securities and may, in certain circumstances, exercise of creditor or other remedies, against the issuer of such real estate securities in connection with such financing arrangements. In addition, PGIM Real Estate or any of its affiliates may buy or sell, or may direct or recommend that another person buy or sell, securities of the same kind or class, or from the same issuer as are purchased or sold for this or any other account under the direction of PGIM Real Estate or any of its affiliates. PGIM Real Estate or its affiliates, as a part of its direct investment in real estate on behalf of clients, may obtain material non-public information regarding an issuer of securities that the fund may hold or wish to hold. As a consequence of these activities, PGIM Real Estate's ability to purchase or sell, or to choose the timing of purchase or sale of, real estate securities of a given issuer may be restricted by contract or by applicable laws, including ERISA or federal securities laws.

Prudential Financial and the general account of The Prudential Insurance Company of America ("PICA") may at times have various levels of financial or other interests in companies whose securities may be purchased or sold in PGIM's client accounts, including the Fund. These financial interests may at any time be in potential or actual conflict or may be inconsistent with positions held or actions taken by PGIM on behalf of the Fund. These interests can include loan servicing, debt or equity financing, services related to advising on merger and acquisition issues, strategic corporate relationships or investments and the offering of investment advice in various forms. Thus PGIM may invest Fund assets in the securities of companies with which PGIM or an affiliate of PGIM has a financial relationship, including investment in the securities of companies that are advisory clients of PGIM.

PGIM Real Estate follows Prudential Financial's policies on business ethics, personal securities trading by investment personnel, and information barriers and has adopted a code of ethics, allocation policies, supervisory procedures and conflicts of interest policies, among other policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure that clients are not harmed by these potential and actual conflicts of interests; however, there is no guarantee that such policies and procedures will detect and will ensure avoidance or disclosure of each and every situation in which a conflict may arise.

OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS

CUSTODIAN. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ("BNY"), 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286, serves as Custodian for the Fund's portfolio securities and cash, and in that capacity, maintains certain financial accounting books and records pursuant to an agreement with the Fund. Subcustodians provide custodial services for any non-U.S. assets held outside the United States.

SECURITIES LENDING ACTIVITIES . Goldman Sachs Bank USA, d/b/a Goldman Sachs Agency Lending ("GSAL") serves as securities lending agent for the Fund and in that role administers the Fund's securities lending program pursuant to the terms of a securities lending agency agreement.

As securities lending agent, GSAL is responsible for marketing to approved borrowers available securities from the Fund's portfolio.

GSAL is responsible for the administration and management of the Fund's securities lending program, including the preparation and execution of a participant agreement with each borrower governing the terms and conditions of any securities loan, ensuring that securities loans are properly coordinated and documented with the Fund's custodian, ensuring that loaned securities are daily valued and that the corresponding required cash collateral is delivered by the borrower(s), and arranging for the investment of cash collateral received from borrowers.

GSAL receives as compensation for its services a portion of the amount earned by the Fund for lending securities.

The table below sets forth, for the Fund's most recently completed fiscal year, the Fund's gross income received from securities lending activities, the fees and/or other compensation paid by the Fund for securities lending activities, and the net income earned by the Fund for securities lending activities. The table below also discloses any other fees or payments incurred by the Fund resulting from lending securities during the period.

Securities Lending Activities:
Gross Income from securities lending activities                                 $ 404,573
Fees and/or compensation for securities lending activities and related services  


PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 42

Securities Lending Activities:
Fees paid to securities lending agent from a revenue split                                          $ (2,778)
Fees paid for any cash collateral management service (including fees deducted from a pooled cash collateral investment vehicle)$ (6,462)
Administrative fees not included in revenue split                                                   $ -
Indemnification fee not included in revenue split                                                   $ -
Rebate (paid to borrower)                                                                           $(368,230)
Other fees not included in revenue split (specify)                                                  $ -
Aggregate fees/compensation for securities lending activities                                       $(377,470)
Net Income from securities lending activities                                                       $ 27,103


TRANSFER AGENT. PMFS, 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102, serves as the transfer and dividend disbursing agent of the Fund. PMFS is an affiliate of the Manager. PMFS provides customary transfer agency services to the Fund, including the handling of shareholder communications, the processing of shareholder transactions, the maintenance of shareholder account records, the payment of dividends and distributions, and related functions. For these services, PMFS receives compensation from the Fund and is reimbursed for its transfer agent expenses which include an annual fee and certain out-of-pocket expenses including, but not limited to, postage, stationery, printing, allocable communication expenses and other costs.

BNY Mellon Asset Servicing (US) Inc. ("BNYAS"), 301 Bellevue Parkway, Wilmington, Delaware 19809, serves as sub-transfer agent to the Fund. PMFS has contracted with BNYAS to provide certain administrative functions to PMFS. PMFS will compensate BNYAS for such services.

For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Fund incurred the following amount of fees for services provided by PMFS:

Fees Paid to PMFS             
Fund Name                    Amount
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund $53,024


INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC"), 300 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017-6204 serves as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Fund.

DISTRIBUTION OF FUND SHARES

DISTRIBUTOR. Prudential Investment Management Services LLC ("PIMS" or the "Distributor"), 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102-4410, acts as the distributor of all of the shares of the Fund. The Distributor is a subsidiary of Prudential.

The Distributor incurs the expenses of distributing each of the Fund's share classes pursuant to separate Distribution and Service (12b-1) Plans or Distribution Plans, as applicable, for each share class (collectively, "the Plans") adopted by the Fund pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act and a distribution agreement (the "Distribution Agreement"). PIMS also incurs the expenses of distributing any share class offered by the Fund which is not subject to a Distribution and Service (12b-1) Plan, and none of the expenses incurred by PIMS in distributing such share classes are reimbursed or paid for by the Fund.

The expenses incurred under the Plans include commissions and account servicing fees paid to, or on account of, brokers or financial institutions which have entered into agreements with the Distributor, as applicable, advertising expenses, the cost of printing and mailing prospectuses to potential investors and indirect and overhead costs of the Distributor associated with the sale of Fund shares, including sales promotion expenses.

Under the Plans, the Fund is obligated to pay distribution and/or service fees to the Distributor, as applicable, as compensation for its distribution and service activities, not as reimbursement for specific expenses incurred. If the Distributor's expenses exceed its distribution and service (12b-1) fees, the Fund will not be obligated to pay any additional expenses. If the Distributor's expenses are less than such distribution and service (12b-1) fees, then it will retain its full fees and realize a profit.

The distribution and/or service fees may also be used by the Distributor to compensate on a continuing basis brokers in consideration for the distribution, marketing, administrative and other services and activities provided by brokers with respect to the promotion of the sale of Fund shares and the maintenance of related shareholder accounts.

Distribution expenses attributable to the sale of each share class are allocated to each such class based upon the ratio of sales of each such class to the combined sales of all classes of the Fund, other than expenses allocable to a particular class. The distribution fee and sales charge of one class will not be used to subsidize the sale of another class or another fund.

Each Plan continues in effect from year to year, provided that each such continuance is approved at least annually by a vote of the Board, including a majority vote of the Board Members who are not interested persons of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in any of the Plans or in any agreement related to the Plans (the "Rule 12b-1 Board Members"), cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such continuance. A Plan may be terminated at any time, without penalty, by the vote of a majority of the Rule 12b-1 Board Members or by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the applicable class of the Fund. The Plans may not be amended to increase materially the amounts to be spent for the services described therein without approval by the shareholders of the applicable class, and all material amendments are required to be approved by the Board in the manner described above. The Fund will not be contractually obligated to pay expenses incurred under any Plan if it is terminated or not continued.

Pursuant to each Plan, the Board will review at least quarterly a written report of the distribution expenses incurred on behalf of each class of shares of the Fund by the Distributor. The report will include an itemization of the distribution expenses and the purposes of such expenditures. In addition, as long as the Plans remain in effect, the selection and nomination of Rule 12b-1 Board Members shall be committed to the Rule 12b-1 Board Members.

Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, the Fund has agreed to indemnify the Distributor to the extent permitted by applicable law against certain liabilities under federal securities laws. In addition to distribution and service (12b-1) fees paid by the Fund under the Plans, the Manager (or one of its affiliates) may make payments out of its own resources to dealers and other persons which distribute shares of the Fund. Such payments may be calculated by reference to the NAV of shares sold by such persons or otherwise.

CLASS A SALES CHARGE AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSE INFORMATION. Under the Class A Plan, the Fund may pay the Distributor for its distribution-related activities with respect to Class A shares at an annual rate of 0.30% of the average daily net assets of the Class A shares. The Class A Plan provides that (1) 0.25% of the average daily net assets of the Class A shares may be used to pay for personal service and/or the maintenance of shareholder accounts (service fee) and (2) total distribution fees (including the service fee of 0.25%) may not exceed 0.30% of the average daily net assets of the Class A shares. The Prospectus discusses any contractual or voluntary fee waivers that may be in effect. In addition, if you purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares, you are subject to a CDSC of 1.00% (defined below) for shares redeemed within 12 months of purchase. The CDSC is waived for certain retirement and/or benefit plans.

For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Distributor received payments under the Class A Plan of the Fund. These amounts were expended primarily for payments of account servicing fees to financial advisers and other persons who sell Class A shares. For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Distributor also received initial sales charges and proceeds of contingent deferred sales charges paid by shareholders upon certain redemptions of Class A shares. The payments received and amounts spent by the Distributor during the most recently completed fiscal year are detailed in the tables below.

CLASS C SALES CHARGE AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSE INFORMATION. Under the Class C Plan, the Fund may pay the Distributor for its distribution-related activities with respect to Class C shares at an annual rate of 1.00% of the average daily net assets of the Class C shares. The Class C Plan provides that (1) 0.25% of the average daily net assets of the shares may be paid as a service fee and (2) 0.75% (not including the service fee) of the average daily net assets of the shares (asset based sales charge) may be paid for distribution-related expenses with respect to Class C shares. The service fee (0.25% of average daily net assets) is used to pay for personal service and/or the maintenance of shareholder accounts. The Prospectus discusses any voluntary or contractual fee waivers that may be in effect. The Distributor also receives contingent deferred sales charges from certain redeeming shareholders.

For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Distributor received payments under the Class C Plan. The amount was expended primarily for payments of account servicing fees to financial advisers and other persons who sell Class C shares. For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Distributor also received the proceeds of contingent deferred sales charges paid by shareholders upon certain redemptions of Class C shares. The payments received and amounts spent by the Distributor during the most recently completed fiscal year are detailed in the tables below.

CLASS R SALES CHARGE AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSE INFORMATION. Under the Class R Plan, the Fund may pay the Distributor for its distribution-related expenses with respect to Class R shares at an annual rate of up to 0.75% of the average daily net assets of the Class R shares. The Class R Plan provides that (1) up to 0.25% of the average daily net assets of the Class R shares may be used as a service fee and (2) total distribution fees (including the service fee of 0.25%) may not exceed 0.75% of the average daily net assets of the Class R shares. There is no CDSC for the redemption of Class R shares. The Prospectus discusses any contractual or voluntary fee waivers that may be in effect. For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Distributor received payments under the Class R Plan. These amounts were expended primarily for payments of account servicing fees to financial advisors and other persons who sell Class R shares. The payments received and amounts spent by the Distributor during the most recently completed fiscal year are detailed in the tables below.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 44

CLASS R2 SALES CHARGE AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSE INFORMATION. Under the Class R2 Plan, the Fund may pay the Distributor for its distribution-related expenses with respect to Class R2 shares at an annual rate of up to 0.25% of the average daily net assets of the Class R2 shares. The Class R2 Plan does not include service fees in the Plan. Class R2 shares have a separate Shareholder Services Plan, described below. There is no CDSC for the redemption of Class R2 shares. The Prospectus discusses any contractual or voluntary fee waivers that may be in effect.

The expenses incurred under the Class R2 Plan include commissions and account servicing fees paid to, or on account of, brokers or financial institutions which have entered into agreements with the Distributor, as applicable, advertising expenses, the cost of printing and mailing prospectuses to potential investors and indirect and overhead costs of the Distributor associated with the sale of Fund shares, including sales promotion expenses. The payments received and amounts spent by the Distributor during the most recently completed fiscal year are detailed in the tables below.

Payments Received by the Distributor              
CLASS A DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICE (12B-1) FEES    $228,589
CLASS A INITIAL SALES CHARGES                    $7,289
CLASS C CONTINGENT DEFERRED SALES CHARGES (CDSC) $229
CLASS C DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICE (12B-1) FEES    $22,645
CLASS R DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICE (12B-1) FEES    $39,960
CLASS R2 DISTRIBUTION (12B-1) FEES               $6,105


For the most recently completed fiscal year, the Distributor spent the following amounts on behalf of the Fund:

Amounts Spent by Distributor
Share Class Printing & MailingProspectuses to Other thanCurrent Shareholders Compensation to Broker/Dealers forCommissions to Representatives andOther Expenses* Overhead Costs** Total AmountSpent by the Distributor
Class A     $-                                                               $188,735                                                                            $7,614 $196,349
Class C     $-                                                               $22,167                                                                             $146   $22,313
Class R     $-                                                               $39,922                                                                             $722   $40,644
Class R2    $-                                                               $6,105                                                                              $604   $6,709
Class R4    $-                                                               $-                                                                                  $658   $658


* Includes amounts paid to affiliated broker/dealers.

** Including sales promotion expenses.

SHAREHOLDER SERVICES PLAN . The Fund has adopted a Shareholder Services Plan with respect to Class R2 and Class R4 shares. Under the terms of the Shareholder Services Plan, the Fund's Class R2 and Class R4 shares are authorized to pay to PMFS, its affiliates or independent third-party service providers, as compensation for services rendered to the shareholders of such Class R2 or Class R4 shares, a shareholder service fee at an annual rate of 0.10% of the Fund's average daily net assets attributable to the Class R2 or Class R4 shares of the Fund, as applicable.

Pursuant to the Shareholder Services Plan, the Fund's Class R2 or Class R4 shares may pay for personal shareholder services and/or account maintenance services, including responding to beneficial owner inquiries, providing information regarding beneficial owner investments, other similar personal services and/or services related to the maintenance of shareholder accounts as contemplated by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Rule 2341 or any successor thereto. Because service fees are ongoing, over time they will increase the cost of an investment in the Fund. With respect to the Class R2 shares, these services are in addition to those services that may be provided under the Class R2 Plan.

FEE WAIVERS AND SUBSIDIES. PGIM Investments may from time to time waive all or a portion of its management fee and subsidize all or a portion of the operating expenses of the Fund. In addition, the Distributor may from time to time waive a portion of the distribution (12b-1) fees as described in the Prospectus. Fee waivers and subsidies will increase the Fund's total return.

PAYMENTS TO FINANCIAL SERVICES FIRMS. As described in the Fund's Prospectus, the Manager or certain of its affiliates (but not the Distributor) have entered into revenue sharing or other similar arrangements with financial services firms, including affiliates of the Manager. These revenue sharing arrangements are intended to promote the sale of Fund shares or to compensate the financial services firms for marketing or marketing support activities in connection with the sale of Fund shares.

The list below includes the names of the firms (or their affiliated broker/dealers) that received from the Manager, and/or certain of its affiliates, revenue sharing payments of more than $10,000 in calendar year 2024 for marketing and product support of the Fund and other PGIM Funds as described above.

?

Ameriprise Financial, Inc.

?

Charles Schwab & Co, Inc.

?

Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC

?

Morgan Stanley

?

Raymond James Financial

?

LPL Financial LLC

?

Edward Jones

?

Empower Retirement

?

UBS

?

National Financial Services

?

Commonwealth Financial Network

?

Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc.

?

Cetera Advisor Networks

?

Principal Securities Inc.

?

PNC

?

Osaic

?

MSCS Financial Services

?

Northwestern Mutual

?

TIAA

?

John Hancock

?

Voya Financial

?

ADP Broker Dealer, Inc.

?

Standard Insurance Company

?

Ascensus, LLC.

?

Nationwide Investment Services Co.

?

Rockefeller

?

Securities America, Inc.

?

American United Life Insurance Co.

?

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

?

The Vanguard Group, Inc.

?

Midatlantic Capital Group

?

Alight Solutions LLC

?

Talcott Resolution Life

?

Citigroup Inc.

?

Cambridge Investment Research

?

Massachusetts Mutual

?

T. Rowe Price

?

Lincoln Financial Group

?

Security Benefit

?

Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC

?

Reliance Trust Company

?

Valic Financial Advisors Inc.

?

Sammons Retirement Solutions

?

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

?

Triad Advisors, LLC

COMPUTATION OF OFFERING PRICE PER SHARE

Using the NAV at October 31, 2025, the offering prices of Fund shares were as follows:

Offering Price Per Share
         
Class A  


PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 46

Offering Price Per Share
NAV and redemption price per Class A share                        $20.57
Maximum initial sales charge (5.50% of the public offering price) $1.20
Maximum offering price to public                                  $21.77
Class C                                                            
NAV and redemption price per Class C share                        $19.84
Class R                                                            
NAV and redemption price per Class R share                        $20.49
Class Z                                                            
NAV and redemption price per Class Z share                        $20.72
Class R2                                                           
NAV and redemption price per Class R2 share                       $20.67
Class R4                                                           
NAV and redemption price per Class R4 share                       $20.68
Class R6                                                           
NAV and redemption price per Class R6 share                       $20.71


Explanatory Note to Table:

Class A and Class C shares are subject to a contingent deferred sales charge ( "CDSC") on certain redemptions. See "How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Fund Shares-How to Sell Your Shares-Contingent Deferred Sales Charge ("CDSC") in the Prospectus.

PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS & BROKERAGE

The Fund has adopted a policy pursuant to which the Fund and its Manager, subadvisers and principal underwriter are prohibited from directly or indirectly compensating a broker-dealer for promoting or selling Fund shares by directing brokerage transactions to that broker. The Fund has adopted procedures for the purpose of deterring and detecting any violations of the policy. The policy permits the Fund, the Manager and the subadvisers to use selling brokers to execute transactions in portfolio securities so long as the selection of such selling brokers is the result of a decision that executing such transactions is in the best interest of the Fund and is not influenced by considerations about the sale of Fund shares. For purposes of this section, the term "Manager" includes the subadvisers.

The Manager is responsible for decisions to buy and sell securities, futures contracts and options on such securities and futures for the Fund, the selection of brokers, dealers and futures commission merchants to effect the transactions and the negotiation of brokerage commissions, if any. On a national securities exchange, broker-dealers may receive negotiated brokerage commissions on Fund portfolio transactions, including options, futures, and options on futures transactions and the purchase and sale of underlying securities upon the exercise of options. On a non-U.S. securities exchange, commissions may be fixed. Orders may be directed to any broker or futures commission merchant including, to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable laws, one of the Manager's affiliates (an affiliated broker). Brokerage commissions on U.S. securities, options and futures exchanges or boards of trade are subject to negotiation between the Manager and the broker or futures commission merchant.

In the OTC market, securities are generally traded on a "net" basis with dealers acting as principal for their own accounts without a stated commission, although the price of the security usually includes a profit to the dealer. In underwritten offerings, securities are purchased at a fixed price which includes an amount of compensation to the underwriter, generally referred to as the underwriter's concession or discount. On occasion, certain money market instruments and U.S. Government agency securities may be purchased directly from the issuer, in which case no commissions or discounts are paid. The Fund will not deal with an affiliated broker in any transaction in which an affiliated broker acts as principal except in accordance with the rules of the SEC.

In placing orders for portfolio securities of the Fund, the Manager's overriding objective is to obtain the best possible combination of favorable price and efficient execution. The Manager seeks to effect such transaction at a price and commission that provides the most favorable total cost of proceeds reasonably attainable in the circumstances. The factors that the Manager may consider in selecting a particular broker, dealer or futures commission merchant (firms) are the Manager's knowledge of negotiated commission rates currently available and other current transaction costs; the nature of the portfolio transaction; the size of the transaction; the desired timing of the trade; the activity existing and expected in the market for the particular transaction; confidentiality; the execution, clearance and settlement capabilities of the firms; the availability of research and research-related services provided through such firms; the Manager's knowledge of the financial stability of the firms; the Manager's knowledge of actual or apparent operational problems of firms; and the amount of capital, if any, that would be contributed by firms executing the transaction. Given these factors, the Fund may pay transaction costs in excess of that which another firm might have charged for effecting the same transaction.

When the Manager selects a firm that executes orders or is a party to portfolio transactions, relevant factors taken into consideration are whether that firm has furnished research and research-related products and/or services, such as research reports, research compilations, statistical and economic data, computer databases, quotation equipment and services, research-oriented computer software and services, reports concerning the performance of accounts, valuations of securities, investment-related periodicals, investment seminars and other economic services and consultations. Such services are used in connection with some or all of the Manager's investment activities; some of such services, obtained in connection with the execution of transactions for one investment account, may be used in managing other accounts, and not all of these services may be used in connection with the Fund. The Manager maintains an internal allocation procedure to identify those firms who have provided it with research and research-related products and/or services, and the amount that was provided, and to endeavor to direct sufficient commissions to them to ensure the continued receipt of those services that the Manager believes provide a benefit to the Fund and its other clients. The Manager makes a good faith determination that the research and/or service is reasonable in light of the type of service provided and the price and execution of the related portfolio transactions.

When the Manager deems the purchase or sale of equities to be in the best interests of the Fund or its other clients, including Prudential, the Manager may, but is under no obligation to, aggregate the transactions in order to obtain the most favorable price or lower brokerage commissions and efficient execution. In such event, allocation of the transactions, as well as the expenses incurred in the transaction, will be made by the Manager in the manner it considers to be most equitable and consistent with its fiduciary obligations to its clients. The allocation of orders among firms and the commission rates paid are reviewed periodically by the Fund's Board. Portfolio securities may not be purchased from any underwriting or selling syndicate of which any affiliate, during the existence of the syndicate, is a principal underwriter (as defined in the 1940 Act), except in accordance with rules of the SEC. This limitation, in the opinion of the Fund, will not significantly affect the Fund's ability to pursue its present investment objectives. However, in the future in other circumstances, the Fund may be at a disadvantage because of this limitation in comparison to other funds with similar objectives but not subject to such limitations.

Subject to the above considerations, an affiliate may act as a broker or futures commission merchant for the Fund. In order for an affiliate of the Manager to effect any portfolio transactions for the Fund, the commissions, fees or other remuneration received by the affiliated broker must be reasonable and fair compared to the commissions, fees or other remuneration paid to other firms in connection with comparable transactions involving similar securities or futures being purchased or sold on an exchange or board of trade during a comparable period of time. This standard would allow the affiliated broker to receive no more than the remuneration which would be expected to be received by an unaffiliated firm in a commensurate arm's-length transaction. Furthermore, the Board, including a majority of the Independent Board Members, has adopted procedures which are reasonably designed to provide that any commissions, fees or other remuneration paid to the affiliated broker (or any affiliate) are consistent with the foregoing standard. In accordance with Section 11(a) of the 1934 Act, an affiliate may not retain compensation for effecting transactions on a national securities exchange for the Fund unless the Fund has expressly authorized the retention of such compensation. The affiliate must furnish to the Fund at least annually a statement setting forth the total amount of all compensation retained by the affiliate from transactions effected for the Fund during the applicable period. Brokerage transactions with an affiliated broker are also subject to such fiduciary standards as may be imposed upon the affiliate by applicable law. Transactions in options by the Fund will be subject to limitations established by each of the exchanges governing the maximum number of options which may be written or held by a single investor or group of investors acting in concert, regardless of whether the options are written or held on the same or different exchanges or are written or held in one or more accounts or through one or more brokers. Thus, the number of options which the Fund may write or hold may be affected by options written or held by the Manager and other investment advisory clients of the Manager. An exchange may order the liquidation of positions found to be in excess of these limits, and it may impose certain other sanctions.

The Fund may participate in a voluntary commission recapture program available through Capital Institutional Services, Inc. ("CAPIS"). A subadviser participating in the program retains the responsibility to seek best execution and is under no obligation to place any specific trades with a broker available through the program (each, a designated broker). A portion of commissions on trades executed through designated brokers is rebated to the Fund as a credit that can be used by the Fund to pay expenses of the Fund.

Set forth below is information concerning the payment of commissions by the Fund, including the amount of such commissions paid to an affiliate, if any, for the indicated fiscal years or periods:

Brokerage Commissions Paid by the Fund
                                                                     2025       2024       2023
Total brokerage commissions paid by the Fund                         $1,038,815 $1,258,475 $1,232,324
Total brokerage commissions paid to affiliated brokers               None       None       None
Percentage of total brokerage commissions paid to affiliated brokers None       None       None


PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 48

Brokerage Commissions Paid by the Fund
                                                                                                    2025 2024 2023
Percentage of the aggregate dollar amount of portfolio transactions involving the payment of commissions to affiliated brokersNone None None


The Fund is required to disclose its holdings of securities of its regular brokers and dealers (as defined under Rule 10b-1 under the 1940 Act) and their parents as of the most recently completed fiscal year. As of the most recently completed fiscal year, the Fund held the following securities of its regular brokers and dealers.

Broker-Dealer Securities Holdings
Fund Name                    Broker-Dealer Equity or Debt Amount
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund None          None           None


The below table shows the Fund's portfolio turnover rates over the two most recently completed fiscal years:

Portfolio Turnover Rate            
Fund Name                    2025 2024
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 94%  95%


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

FUND HISTORY. The Trust was established as a Delaware statutory trust on October 24, 1997. On June 30, 2003, the name of the Trust was changed from Prudential Real Estate Securities Fund to Strategic Partners Real Estate Securities Fund. On May 27, 2005, the name of the Trust was changed from Strategic Partners Real Estate Securities Fund to Strategic Partners Real Estate Fund. On January 3, 2007, the Trust's name changed to Dryden Global Real Estate Fund. On February 16, 2010, the Trust's name changed to Prudential Global Real Estate Fund. Effective September 17, 2010, the Trust's name changed to Prudential Investment Portfolios 12. On June 11, 2018, Prudential Global Real Estate Fund changed its name to PGIM Global Real Estate Fund and the Class Q shares were renamed Class R6.

A second series of the Trust, Prudential US Real Estate Fund, was established on September 15, 2010 and commenced operations in December 2010. On June 11, 2018, Prudential US Real Estate Fund changed its name to PGIM US Real Estate Fund and the Class Q shares were renamed Class R6.

The third and fourth series of the Trust, Prudential Short Duration Muni High Income Fund and Prudential Long-Short Equity Fund, respectively, were each established on March 5, 2014, and commenced operations in May 2014. On June 11, 2018, Prudential Short Duration Muni High Income Fund changed its name to PGIM Short Duration Muni High Income Fund, and the Class Q shares were renamed Class R6.

Effective December 31, 2015, Prudential Long-Short Equity Fund changed its name to Prudential QMA Long-Short Equity Fund. On June 11, 2018, Prudential QMA Long-Short Equity Fund changed its name to PGIM QMA Long-Short Equity Fund, and the Class Q shares were renamed Class R6.

Prudential QMA Large-Cap Core Equity PLUS Fund was established in June 2017 and commenced operations on September 19, 2017. On June 11, 2018, Prudential QMA Large-Cap Core Equity PLUS Fund changed its name to PGIM QMA Large-Cap Core Equity PLUS Fund and the Class Q shares were renamed Class R6.

PGIM Jennison Technology Fund was established in March 2018 and commenced operations on June 19, 2018.

Effective April 1, 2020, PGIM Short Duration Muni High Income Fund changed its name to PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund.

PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund was established in June 2021 and commenced operations on September 14, 2021.

PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund was established in June 2021 and commenced operations on September 14, 2021.

PGIM QMA Large-Cap Core Equity PLUS Fund was liquidated on August 23, 2021.

PGIM QMA Long-Short Equity Fund was liquidated on November 23, 2021.

PGIM Conservative Retirement Spending Fund, PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund and PGIM Enhanced Retirement Spending Fund were established on January 19, 2024, and commenced operations on April 3, 2024.

DESCRIPTION OF SHARES AND ORGANIZATION. The PGIM Global Real Estate Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, currently divided into seven classes, designated as Class A, Class C, Class R, Class Z, Class R2, Class R4 and Class R6 shares.

The PGIM US Real Estate Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, currently divided into four classes, designated as Class A, Class C, Class Z and Class R6 shares.

The PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, currently divided into four classes, designated as Class A, Class C, Class Z and Class R6 shares.

The PGIM Jennison Technology Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, currently divided into four classes, designated as Class A, Class C, Class Z and Class R6 shares.

The PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, currently divided into four classes, designated as Class A, Class C, Class Z and Class R6 shares.

The PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, currently divided into four classes, designated as Class A, Class C, Class Z and Class R6 shares.

PGIM Conservative Retirement Spending Fund, PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund and PGIM Enhanced Retirement Spending Fund are authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value per share, with one class, designated as Class R6 shares.

Each class of shares represents an interest in the same assets of a Fund and is identical in all respects except that (1) each class is subject to different sales charges and distribution and/or service fees (except for Class Z and Class R6 shares, which are not subject to any sales charges and distribution and/or service fees), which may affect performance, (2) each class has exclusive voting rights on any matter submitted to shareholders that relates solely to its distribution arrangement and has separate voting rights on any matter submitted to shareholders in which the interests of one class differ from the interests of any other class, (3) each class has a different exchange privilege, (4) only Class C shares have a conversion feature and (5) Class Z, Class R, Class R2, Class R4 and Class R6 shares are offered exclusively for sale to a limited group of investors. In accordance with the Trust's Agreement and Declaration of Trust, the Board Members may authorize the creation of additional series and classes within such series, with such preferences, privileges, limitations and voting and dividend rights as the Board Members may determine. The voting rights of the shareholders of a series or class can be modified only by the vote of shareholders of that series or class.

Shares of each Fund, when issued, are fully paid, nonassessable, fully transferable and redeemable at the option of the holder. Shares are also redeemable at the option of a Fund under certain circumstances. Each share of each class is equal as to earnings, assets and voting privileges, except as noted above, and each class of shares (with the exception of Class Z and Class R6 shares, which are not subject to any distribution or service fees) bears the expenses related to the distribution of its shares. Except for the conversion feature applicable to the Class C shares, there are no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights. In the event of liquidation, each share of the Fund is entitled to its portion of all of the Fund's assets after all debt and expenses of the Fund have been paid. Since Class C shares generally bear higher distribution expenses than Class A, Class R and Class R2 shares, the liquidation proceeds to shareholders of those classes are likely to be lower than to Class A, Class R and Class R2 shareholders and to Class Z, Class R4 and Class R6 shareholders, whose shares are not subject to any distribution and/or service fees. Class R4 shares are subject to shareholder service fees.

The Trust does not intend to hold annual meetings of shareholders unless otherwise required by law. The Trust will not be required to hold meetings of shareholders unless, for example, the election of Board Members is required to be acted on by shareholders under the 1940 Act. Shareholders have certain rights, including the right to call a meeting upon the vote of 10% of the Trust's outstanding shares entitled to vote for the purpose of voting on the removal of one or more Board Members.

Under the Agreement and Declaration of Trust, the Board Members may authorize the creation of additional series of shares (the proceeds of which would be invested in separate, independently managed portfolios with distinct investment objectives and policies and share purchase, redemption and net asset value procedures) with such preferences, privileges, limitations and voting and dividend rights as the Board Members may determine. All consideration received by the Trust for shares of any additional series, and all assets in which such consideration is invested, would belong to that series (subject only to the rights of creditors of that series) and would be subject to the liabilities related thereto.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 50

The Board Members have the power to alter the number and the terms of office of the Board Members, provided that always at least a majority of the Board Members have been elected by the shareholders of the Trust. The voting rights of shareholders are not cumulative, so that holders of more than 50 percent of the shares voting can, if they choose, elect all Board Members being selected, while the holders of the remaining shares would be unable to elect any Board Members.

PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS AND CONTROL PERSONS

Set forth below are the name and address of any person (a "principal shareholder") who owned of record or beneficially 5% or more of any class of outstanding shares of the Fund and their percentage of ownership. Also set forth below are the name and address of any person (a "control person") who owned of record or beneficially either directly or through controlled companies more than 25% of the voting securities of the Fund or who acknowledges or asserts the existence of control. Control persons may be able to determine or significantly influence the outcome of matters submitted to a shareholder vote.

Principal Fund Shareholders (as of December 3, 2025)
Fund Name and Share Class            Shareholder Name and Address                                                                        No. of Shares % of Class
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class A LPL FINANCIALA/C 1000-00054707 EXECUTIVE DRIVESAN DIEGO CA 92121-3091                               270,652.433   7.82%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class A NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLCFOR EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OFOUR CUSTOMERSATTN MUTUAL FUNDS DEPT - 4TH FLOOR499 WASHINGTON BLVDJERSEY CITY NJ 07310254,136.384   7.34%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class A WELLS FARGO CLEARING SVCS LLCSPECIAL CUSTODY ACCT FOR THEEXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF CUSTOMER2801 MARKET STSAINT LOUIS MO 63103-2523388,362.357   11.21%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class A MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLCFOR THE EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF ITSCUSTOMERS1 NEW YORK PLAZA FL 12NEW YORK NY 10004-1901378,777.112   10.94%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class A MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITHFOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUST4800 DEER LAKE DR EJACKSONVILLE FL 32246-6484366,382.710   10.58%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class C LPL FINANCIALA/C 1000-00054707 EXECUTIVE DRIVESAN DIEGO CA 92121-3091                               8,848.723     9.68%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class C NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLCFOR EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OFOUR CUSTOMERSATTN MUTUAL FUNDS DEPT - 4TH FLOOR499 WASHINGTON BLVDJERSEY CITY NJ 073104,730.756     5.17%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class C AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INVESTMENT SVC(FBO) 41999970707 2ND AVE SOUTHMINNEAPOLIS MN 55402-2405          5,572.940     6.10%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class C WELLS FARGO CLEARING SVCS LLCSPECIAL CUSTODY ACCT FOR THEEXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF CUSTOMER2801 MARKET STSAINT LOUIS MO 63103-252314,374.269    15.72%


Principal Fund Shareholders (as of December 3, 2025)
Fund Name and Share Class             Shareholder Name and Address                                                                        No. of Shares % of Class
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class C  MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLCFOR THE EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF ITSCUSTOMERS1 NEW YORK PLAZA FL 12NEW YORK NY 10004-190129,843.242    32.64%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class C  PERSHING LLC1 PERSHING PLAZAJERSEY CITY NJ 07399-0002                                               5,339.284     5.84%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R  STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST TTEEAND/OR CUSTODIAN(FBO) ADP ACCESS PRODUCT1 LINCOLN STBOSTON MA 02111-290132,612.440    8.90%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R  SAMMONS FINANCIAL NETWORK LLC4546 CORPORATE DR STE 100WEST DES MOINES IA 50266-5911                 193,805.787   52.89%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R  EMPOWER TRUST FBOLEGACY PRU SMART SOLUTION IRA - SSIC/O FASCORE LLC8515 E ORCHARD RD 2T2GREENWOOD VILLAGE CO 8011136,753.514    10.03%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class Z  NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLCFOR EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OFOUR CUSTOMERSATTN MUTUAL FUNDS DEPT 4TH FLOOR499 WASHINGTON BLVDJERSEY CITY NJ 073105,905,618.198 27.87%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class Z  MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLCFOR THE EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF ITSCUSTOMERS1 NEW YORK PLAZA FL 12NEW YORK NY 10004-19013,027,357.170 14.28%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class Z  CHARLES SCHWAB CO211 MAIN STSAN FRANCISCO CA 94105-1901                                             2,398,423.486 11.32%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class Z  PERSHING LLC1 PERSHING PLAZAJERSEY CITY NJ 07399-0002                                               2,878,219.252 13.58%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class Z  RAYMOND JAMESOMNIBUS FOR MUTUAL FUNDSHOUSE ACCT FIRM 92500015ATTN: COURTNEY WALLER880 CARILLON PARKWAYST PETERSBURG FL 337161,098,337.950 5.18%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R2 EMPOWER TRUST FBOEMPLOYEE BENEFITS CLIENTS 401K8515 E ORCHARD RD 2T2GREENWOOD VILLAGE CO 80111      68,945.094    48.07%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R2 EMPOWER TRUST FBOEMPLOYEE BENEFITS CLIENTS 401K - FG8515 E ORCHARD RD 2T2GREENWOOD VILLAGE CO 80111 49,448.682    34.48%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R2 EMPOWER ANNUITY INSURANCE COMPANYOF AMERICA8515 E ORCHARD RD 7T2GREENWOOD VILLAGE CO 80111          8,581.031     5.98%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R2 EMPOWER TRUST COMPANY LLCFBO PLANPREMIER RTMT PLANS OMNIBUS8515 E ORCHARD RD 2T2GREENWOOD VILLAGE CO 80111-50029,231.420     6.44%


PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 52

Principal Fund Shareholders (as of December 3, 2025)
Fund Name and Share Class             Shareholder Name and Address                                                                        No. of Shares % of Class
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R4 AMERICAN UNITED LIFE INSURANCEUNIT INVESTMENT TRUSTPO BOX 368INDIANAPOLIS IN 46206-0368             17,121.529    36.31%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R4 MERRILL LYNC,PIERC,FENNER&SMITHFOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUST4800 DEER LAKE DR EJACKSONVILLE FL 32246-648429,390.607    62.32%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R6 RUSSELL TRUST COMPANY TTEESHARP$AVER DEFINEDCONTRIBUTION PLAN1301 2ND AVESEATTLE WA 98101-3800      1,825,874.178 9.08%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R6 NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLCFOR EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OFOUR CUSTOMERSATTN MUTUAL FUNDS DEPT 4TH FLOOR499 WASHINGTON BLVDJERSEY CITY NJ 073104,262,367.097 21.19%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R6 J P MORGAN SECURITIES LLCOMNIBUS ACCOUNT FOR THE EXCLUSIVEBENEFIT OF CUSTOMERS4 CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOOR MUTUAL FUND DEPARTMENTBROOKLYN NY 112452,046,078.895 10.17%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R6 CHARLES SCHWAB CO211 MAIN STSAN FRANCISCO CA 94105-1901                                             1,089,336.897 5.42%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R6 ADVANCED SERIES TRUSTAST CAPITAL GROWTH ASSETALLOCATION PORTFOLIO655 BROAD STREET 17TH FLOORNEWARK NJ 071021,101,583.998 5.48%
PGIM Global Real Estate Fund Class R6 ADVANCED SERIES TRUSTAST BALANCED ASSETALLOCATION PORTFOLIO655 BROAD STREET 17TH FLOORNEWARK NJ 071022,239,720.145 11.13%
                                                                                                                                                         


As of December 3, 2025, no person was deemed to have "control" (as that term is defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund because it owned more than 25% of the Fund's outstanding shares, either beneficially or by virtue of its fiduciary or trust roles or otherwise.

As of December 3, 2025, the Board Members and Officers of the Fund, as a group, owned less than 1% of the outstanding shares of the Fund.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements for the Fund for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025, which are incorporated in this SAI by reference to the Fund's 2025 Form N-CSR (File No. 811-08565), were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. You may obtain a copy of the financial statements at no charge by request to the Fund by calling (800) 225-1852 or by writing to Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC, P.O. Box 534432, Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432.

PART II

PURCHASE, REDEMPTION AND PRICING OF FUND SHARES

SHARE CLASSES. The Fund may offer shares of one or more classes to investors. Not every share class described in this SAI may be offered, and investors should consult their Prospectus for specific information concerning the share classes that are available to them.

Shares of the Fund may be purchased at a price equal to the next determined NAV per share plus a sales charge (if applicable) which, at the election of the investor, may be imposed either (1) at the time of purchase (Class A shares) or (2) on a deferred basis (Class C shares or Class A shares, in certain circumstances). Class R, Class R1, Class R2, Class R3, Class R4, Class R5, Class R6, and Class Z shares, if offered, are offered only to a limited group of investors at NAV without any sales charges.

Additional or different classes of shares may also be offered, including Class R, Class R1, Class R2, Class R3, Class R4, Class R5, and Class R6. If offered, specific information with respect to these share classes is set forth in the Prospectus and SAI.

For more information, see "How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Fund Shares-How to Buy Shares" in the Prospectus.

PURCHASE BY WIRE . For an initial purchase of shares of the Fund by wire, you must complete an application and telephone PMFS at (800) 225-1852 (toll-free) to receive an account number. PMFS will request the following information: your name, address, tax identification number, Fund name, class election (if applicable), dividend distribution election, amount being wired and wiring bank. PMFS will also furnish you with instructions for wiring the funds from your bank to the Fund's Custodian.

If you arrange for receipt by the Custodian of federal funds prior to the calculation of NAV (once each business day at the close of regular trading on the NYSE, usually 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time), on a business day, you may purchase shares of the Fund as of that day. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to purchase is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE.

In making a subsequent purchase order by wire, you should wire the Custodian directly and should be sure that the wire specifies the Fund's name, the share class to be purchased, your name, individual account number, Direct Deposit Account ("DDA") Number and the Fund's Bank Account registration. You do not need to call PMFS to make subsequent purchase orders utilizing federal funds. The minimum amount for subsequent purchase by wire is $100.

ISSUANCE OF FUND SHARES FOR SECURITIES. Transactions involving the issuance of Fund shares for securities (rather than cash) will be limited to (1) reorganizations, (2) statutory mergers, or (3) other acquisitions of portfolio securities that: (a) meet the investment objectives and policies of the Fund, (b) are liquid and not subject to restrictions on resale, (c) have a value that is readily ascertainable via listing on or trading in a recognized United States or international exchange or market, and (d) are approved by the Fund's Manager.

MULTIPLE ACCOUNTS. An institution may open a single master account by filing an application with PMFS, signed by personnel authorized to act for the institution. Individual subaccounts may be opened at the time the master account is opened by listing them, or they may be added at a later date by written advice. Procedures will be available to identify subaccounts by name and number within the master account name. The foregoing procedures would also apply to related institutional accounts (i.e., accounts of shareholders with a common institutional or corporate parent). The investment minimums as set forth in the relevant Prospectus under "How to Buy and Sell Fund Shares-How to Buy Shares" are applicable to the aggregate amounts invested by a group, and not to the amount credited to each subaccount.

REOPENING AN ACCOUNT. Subject to the minimum investment restrictions, an investor may reopen an account, without filing a new application, at any time during the calendar year the account is closed, provided that the information on that application is still applicable.

RESTRICTIONS ON SALE OF FUND SHARES. The right of redemption may be suspended or the date of payment may be postponed for a period of up to seven days. Suspensions or postponements may not exceed seven days except at times (1) when the NYSE is closed for other than customary weekends and holidays, (2) when trading on the NYSE is restricted, (3) when an emergency exists as a result of which disposal of Fund securities is not reasonably practicable or it is not reasonably practicable for the Fund fairly to determine the value of its net assets, or (4) during any other period when the SEC, by order, so permits; provided that applicable rules and regulations of the SEC shall govern as to whether the conditions prescribed in (2), (3) or (4) exist.

REDEMPTION IN KIND. The Fund may pay the redemption price in whole or in part by a distribution in kind of securities from the investment portfolio of the Fund, in lieu of cash, in conformity with applicable rules of the SEC and procedures adopted by the Board. Securities will be readily marketable and will be valued in the same manner as in a regular redemption. If your shares are redeemed in

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 54

kind, you would incur transaction costs in converting the assets into cash, and you would bear all market risk relating to the securities until the securities are sold. The Fund, however, has elected to be governed by Rule 18f-1 under the 1940 Act, under which the Fund is obligated to redeem shares solely in cash up to the lesser of $250,000 or 1.00% of the NAV of the Fund during any 90-day period for any one shareholder.

RIGHTS OF ACCUMULATION. Reduced sales charges are also available through Rights of Accumulation, under which an investor or an eligible group of related investors, as described under "Reducing or Waiving Class A's Initial Sales Charge" in the Prospectus, may aggregate the value of their existing holdings of Class A and Class C shares of the Fund and shares of other PGIM Funds (excluding money market funds other than those acquired pursuant to the exchange privilege) to determine the reduced sales charge. However, the value of shares held directly with PMFS and through your broker will not be aggregated to determine the reduced sales charge. The value of existing holdings for purposes of determining the reduced sales charge is calculated using the maximum offering price (NAV plus maximum sales charge). The Distributor, your broker or PMFS must be notified at the time of purchase that the investor is entitled to a reduced sales charge. Reduced sales charges will be granted subject to confirmation of the investor's holdings. This does not apply to PGIM Government Money Market Fund.

SALE OF SHARES. You can redeem your shares at any time for cash at the NAV next determined after the redemption request is received in proper form (in accordance with procedures established by PMFS in connection with investors' accounts) by PMFS or your broker or other financial intermediary. See "Net Asset Value" below. In certain cases, however, redemption proceeds will be reduced by the amount of any applicable contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC"), as described in "Contingent Deferred Sales Charge" below. If you are redeeming your shares through a broker, your broker must receive your sell order before the NAV is computed for that day (at the close of regular trading on the NYSE, usually, 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time) in order to receive that day's NAV. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to sell is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE. Your broker will be responsible for furnishing all necessary documentation to the Distributor and may charge you for its services in connection with redeeming shares of the Fund.

All correspondence and documents concerning redemptions should be sent to the Fund in care of PMFS, P.O. Box 534432, Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432 or to your broker or other financial intermediary.

If you hold shares in non-certificate form, a written request for redemption signed by you exactly as the account is registered is required. If you hold certificates, the certificates must be received by PMFS, the Distributor or your broker in order for the redemption request to be processed. If redemption is requested by a corporation, partnership, trust or fiduciary, written evidence of authority acceptable to PMFS must be submitted before such request will be accepted. All correspondence and documents concerning redemptions should be sent to the Fund in care of PMFS, P.O. Box 534432, Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432, to the Distributor or to your broker.

Payment for redemption of recently purchased shares may be delayed until the Fund or PMFS has been advised that the purchase check has been honored, which may take up to 7 calendar days from the time of receipt of the purchase check by PMFS. Such delay may be avoided by purchasing shares by wire or by certified or cashier's check.

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. If the proceeds of the redemption (1) exceed $100,000, (2) are to be paid to a person other than the record owner, (3) are to be sent to an address other than the address on PMFS' records, (4) are to be paid to a corporation, partnership, trust or fiduciary, or (5) are to be paid due to the death of the shareholder or on behalf of the shareholder, and your shares are held directly with PMFS, the signature(s) on the redemption request or stock power must be Medallion signature guaranteed. The Medallion signature guarantee must be obtained from an authorized officer of a bank, broker, dealer, securities exchange or association, clearing agency, savings association, or credit union that is participating in one of the recognized Medallion programs (STAMP, SEMP, or NYSE MSP), but not from a notary public. The Medallion signature guarantee must be appropriate for the dollar amount of the transaction. The Fund may change the signature guarantee requirements from time to time without prior notice to shareholders. PMFS reserves the right to reject transactions where the value of the transaction exceeds the value of the surety coverage indicated on the Medallion imprint. PMFS also reserves the right to request additional information from, and make reasonable inquires of, any institution that provides a Medallion signature guarantee. In the case of redemptions from a PruArray Plan, if the proceeds of the redemption are invested in another investment option of the plan in the name of the record holder and at the same address as reflected in PMFS' records, a Medallion signature guarantee is not required.

Under normal market conditions, payment for shares presented for redemption will be made by check within seven days after receipt by PMFS or your broker of the written request and certificates, if issued, except as indicated below. If you hold shares through a broker, payment for shares presented for redemption will be credited to your account at your broker, unless you indicate otherwise. Such payment may be postponed or the right of redemption suspended at times (1) when the NYSE is closed for other than customary weekends and holidays, (2) when trading on the NYSE is restricted, (3) when an emergency exists as a result of which disposal by the

Fund of securities owned by it is not reasonably practicable or it is not reasonably practicable for the Fund fairly to determine the value of its net assets, or (4) during any other period when the SEC, by order, so permits; provided that applicable rules and regulations of the SEC shall govern as to whether the conditions prescribed in (2), (3) or (4) exist.

EXPEDITED REDEMPTION PRIVILEGE. By electing the Expedited Redemption Privilege, you may arrange to have redemption proceeds sent to your bank account. The Expedited Redemption Privilege may be used to redeem shares in an amount of $100 or more, except if an account for which an expedited redemption is requested has an NAV of less than $100, the entire account will be redeemed. Redemption proceeds in the amount of $500 or more will be remitted by wire to your bank account at a domestic commercial bank which is a member of the Federal Reserve system. The money would generally be received by your bank within one business day of the redemption. Redemption proceeds of less than $500 will be sent by ACH to your bank which must be a member of the Automated Clearing House ("ACH") system. The money would generally be received by your bank within three business days of the redemption. Any applicable CDSC will be deducted from the redemption proceeds. Expedited redemption requests may be made by telephone or letter, must be received by the Transfer Agent prior to 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time to receive a redemption amount based on that day's NAV and are subject to the terms and conditions as set forth in the Prospectus regarding redemption of shares. In the event that regular trading on the NYSE closes before 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, you will receive the following day's NAV if your order to sell is received after the close of regular trading on the NYSE. For more information, see "How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Fund Shares-Telephone Redemptions or Exchanges" in the Prospectus. The Expedited Redemption Privilege may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. To receive further information, shareholders should contact PMFS.

INVOLUNTARY REDEMPTION. If the value of your account with PMFS is less than $500 for any reason, PMFS may sell the rest of your shares (without charging any CDSC) and close your account. The involuntary sale provisions do not apply to: (i) an individual retirement account ("IRA") or other qualified or tax-deferred retirement plan or account, (ii) Automatic Investment Plan ("AIP") accounts, employee savings plan accounts or payroll deduction plan accounts, (iii) accounts under the same registration with multiple share classes in the Fund whose combined value exceeds $500, or (iv) clients with assets more than $50,000 across the PGIM Funds. "Client" for this purpose has the same definition as for purposes of Rights of Accumulation, i.e., an investor and an eligible group of related investors.

PMFS has the right to reject any purchase order (including an exchange into the Fund) or suspend or modify the Fund's sales of its shares under certain circumstances. These circumstances include, but are not limited to, failure by you to provide additional information requested, such as information required to verify the source of funds used to purchase shares, your identity or the identity of any underlying beneficial owners of your shares. Furthermore, PMFS is required by law to close your account if you do not provide the required identifying information; this would result in the redemption of shares at the then-current day's NAV and the proceeds would be remitted to you via check. PMFS will attempt to verify your identity within a reasonable time frame (e.g., 60 days) which may change from time to time.

ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE FEE. In order to offset the disproportionate effect (in basis points) of expenses associated with servicing lower balance accounts, if the value of your Class A, Class C or Class Z account with PMFS is less than $10,000, a $15 annual account maintenance fee ("account maintenance fee") will be deducted from your account. The account maintenance fee will be assessed during the 4th calendar quarter of each year. Any applicable CDSC on the shares redeemed to pay the account maintenance fee will be waived. The account maintenance fee will not be charged on: (i) accounts during the first six months from inception of the account, (ii) accounts for which you have elected to receive your account statements, transaction confirmations, prospectuses, and fund shareholder reports electronically rather than by mail, (iii) omnibus accounts or other accounts for which the dealer is responsible for recordkeeping, (iv) institutional accounts, (v) group retirement plans (including SIMPLE IRA plans, profit-sharing plans, money purchase pension plans, Keogh plans, defined compensation plans, defined benefit plans and 401(k) plans), (vi) AIP accounts or employee savings plan accounts, (vii) accounts with the same registration associated with multiple share classes within the Fund, provided that the aggregate value of share classes with the same registration within the Fund is $10,000 or more, or (viii) clients with assets of $50,000 or more across the PGIM Funds. "Client" for this purpose has the same definition as for purposes of Rights of Accumulation, i.e., an investor and an eligible group of related investors or other financial intermediary.

90 DAY REPURCHASE PRIVILEGE. If you redeem your shares and have not previously exercised the repurchase privilege during the previous 12 months, you may reinvest back into your account any portion or all of the proceeds of such redemption in shares of the Fund at the NAV next determined after the order is received, which must be within 90 days after the date of the redemption. Any CDSC paid in connection with such redemption in Class A or Class C shares will be credited (in shares) to your account. (If less than a full repurchase is made, the credit will be on a pro rata basis.) This repurchase privilege can only be used once in a 12-month period. You must notify PMFS, either directly or through the Distributor or your broker, at the time the repurchase privilege is exercised to adjust your account for the CDSC you previously paid. Thereafter, any redemptions will be subject to the CDSC applicable at the time of the

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 56

redemption. See "Contingent Deferred Sales Charge" below. Exercise of the repurchase privilege will generally not affect federal tax treatment of any gain realized upon redemption. However, if the redemption was made within a 30 day period of the repurchase and if the redemption resulted in a loss, some or all of the loss, depending on the amount reinvested, may not be allowed for federal income tax purposes.

The terms of this privilege may vary by financial intermediary. For more information, see "Appendix A: Waivers and Discounts Available From Certain Financial Intermediaries" in the Fund's Prospectus.

CONTINGENT DEFERRED SALES CHARGE ("CDSC")

Class A. Investors who purchase $1 million or more of Class A shares and sell these shares within 12 months of purchase are subject to a 1.00% CDSC.

Class C . Class C shares redeemed within 12 months of purchase will be subject to a CDSC of 1.00%. The CDSC will be deducted from the redemption proceeds and reduce the amount paid to you.

Waiver of CDSC . The Class A or Class C CDSC is waived if the shares are sold:

?

After a shareholder is deceased or permanently disabled (or, in the case of a trust account, after the death or disability of the grantor). This waiver applies to individual shareholders as well as shares held in joint tenancy, provided the shares were purchased before the death or permanent disability,

?

To provide for certain distributions-made without IRS penalty-from a qualified or tax-deferred retirement plan, benefit plan, IRA or Section 403(b) custodial account, and

?

To withdraw excess contributions from a qualified or tax-deferred retirement plan, IRA or Section 403(b) custodial account.

If you purchase Class Z shares (see "Qualifying for Class Z Shares" in the Prospectus) within 5 days of redemption of your Class A shares that you had purchased directly through the Fund's transfer agent, PMFS will credit your account with the appropriate number of shares to reflect any CDSC you paid on the reinvested portion of your redemption proceeds.

Calculation of CDSC . The CDSC will be imposed on any redemption that reduces the current value of your Class A or Class C shares to an amount which is lower than the amount of all payments by you for Class A or Class C shares during the preceding 12 months. A CDSC will be applied on the lesser of the original purchase price or the current value of the shares being redeemed. Increases in the value of your shares or shares acquired through reinvestment of dividends or distributions are not subject to a CDSC. The amount of any CDSC will be paid to and retained by the Distributor. If you purchased or hold your shares through a broker, third party administrator or other authorized entity that maintains subaccount recordkeeping, any applicable CDSC that you will pay will be calculated and reported to PMFS by such broker, administrator or other authorized entity.

The amount of the CDSC, if any, will vary depending on the number of years from the time of payment for the purchase of shares until the time of redemption of such shares. The CDSC will be calculated from the date of the initial purchase, excluding the time shares were held in Class C shares of a money market fund. See "Shareholder Services-Exchange Privileges" below.

In determining whether a CDSC is applicable to a redemption, the calculation will be made in a manner that results in the lowest possible rate. It will be assumed that the redemption is made first of amounts representing shares acquired pursuant to the reinvestment of dividends and distributions; then of amounts representing the increase in NAV above the total amount of payments for the purchase made during the preceding 12 months for Class A and Class C shares; then of amounts representing the cost of shares held beyond the applicable CDSC period; and finally, of amounts representing the cost of shares held for the longest period of time within the applicable CDSC period.

For federal income tax purposes, the amount of the CDSC will reduce the gain or increase the loss, as the case may be, on the amount recognized on the redemption of shares.

As noted above, the CDSC will be waived in the case of a redemption following the death or permanent disability of a shareholder or, in the case of a trust account, following the death or permanent disability of the grantor. The waiver is available for total or partial redemptions of shares owned by a person, either individually or in joint tenancy at the time of death or initial determination of permanent disability, provided that the shares were purchased prior to death or permanent disability.

The CDSC will be waived in the case of a total or partial redemption in connection with certain distributions under the Code from a tax-deferred retirement plan, an IRA or Section 403(b) custodial account. For distributions from an IRA or 403(b) custodial account, the shareholder must submit a copy of the distribution form from the custodial firm indicating (i) the date of birth of the shareholder and (ii) that the shareholder reaches qualified age based on applicable IRS regulations. The distribution form must be signed by the shareholder.

AUTOMATIC CONVERSION OF CLASS C SHARES . Class C shares automatically convert into Class A shares on a monthly basis approximately eight years after the original date of purchase (the "Conversion Date"). Conversion will take place based on the relative NAV of the two classes, without the imposition of any sales load, fee or other charge.

Class C shares of the Fund acquired through automatic reinvestment of dividends or distributions will convert to Class A shares of the Fund on the Conversion Date pro rata with the converting Class C shares of the Fund that were not acquired through reinvestment of dividends or distributions. All such automatic conversions of Class C shares will constitute tax-free exchanges for federal income tax purposes.

For shareholders investing in Class C shares through retirement plans or omnibus accounts, and in certain other instances, the Fund and its agents may not have transparency into how long a shareholder has held Class C shares for purposes of determining whether such Class C shares are eligible for automatic conversion into Class A shares, and the relevant financial intermediary may not have the ability to track purchases in order to credit individual shareholders' holding periods. In these circumstances, the Fund will not be able to automatically convert Class C shares into Class A shares as described above. In order to determine eligibility for conversion in these circumstances, it is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to notify the Fund that the shareholder is eligible for the conversion of Class C shares to Class A shares, and the financial intermediary may be required to maintain and provide the Fund with records that substantiate the holding period of Class C shares. It is the financial intermediary's (and not the Fund's) responsibility to keep records of transactions made in accounts it holds and to ensure that the shareholder is credited with the proper holding period based on such records or those provided to the financial intermediary by the shareholder. Please consult with your financial intermediary for the applicability of this conversion feature to your shares.

Class C shares were generally closed to investments by new group retirement plans effective on or about June 1, 2018. Group retirement plans (and their successor, related and affiliated plans) that have Class C shares of the Fund available to participants on or before the Effective Date may continue to open accounts for new participants in such share class and purchase additional shares in existing participant accounts.

The Fund has no responsibility for monitoring or implementing a financial intermediary's process for determining whether a shareholder meets the required holding period for conversion. A financial intermediary may sponsor and/or control accounts, programs or platforms that impose a different conversion schedule or different eligibility requirements for the exchange of Class C shares for Class A shares, as set forth on Appendix A: Waivers and Discounts Available From Certain Financial Intermediaries of the Prospectus. In these cases, Class C shareholders may have their shares exchanged for Class A shares under the policies of the financial intermediary. Financial intermediaries will be responsible for making such exchanges in those circumstances. Please consult with your financial intermediary if you have any questions regarding your shares' conversion from Class C shares to Class A shares.

The conversion feature may be subject to the continuing availability of opinions of counsel or rulings of the IRS that the conversion of shares does not constitute a taxable event for federal income tax purposes. The automatic conversion of Class C shares into Class A shares may be suspended if such opinions or rulings are no longer available. If such conversions are suspended, Class C shares of the Fund will continue to be subject, possibly indefinitely, to their higher annual distribution and service (12b-1) fee. Shareholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of the conversion or exchange of shares.

EXCHANGE OF SHARE CLASSES WITHIN THE FUND . Within the Fund, investors or their financial intermediaries may wish to exchange investments in one share class of the Fund to another share class offered by the same Fund. For certain exchanges, subject to the discretion of the Manager and or its affiliates, the Fund may need to waive applicable sales charges in the share class that the shareholder is receiving and/or waive CDSC on the redeemed shares, as applicable.

Such exchanges may be subject to the continuing availability of opinions of counsel or rulings of the IRS that the exchange of shares does not constitute a taxable event for federal income tax purposes. If such opinions or rulings are no longer available, then the exchange may be a taxable event. Shareholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of the exchange of shares.

Please contact PMFS at (800) 225-1852 for more details on such exchanges.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 58

NET ASSET VALUE

The price an investor pays for the Fund's shares is based on the share value. The share value-known as the net asset value per share or NAV-is determined by subtracting Fund liabilities from the value of Fund assets and dividing the remainder by the number of outstanding shares. NAV is calculated separately for each class. The Fund will compute its NAV once each business day at the close of regular trading on the NYSE, usually 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time. For purposes of computing NAV, the Fund will value futures contracts generally 15 minutes after the close of regular trading on the NYSE. The Fund may not compute its NAV on days on which no orders to purchase, sell or exchange shares of the Fund have been received or on days on which changes in the value of the Fund's portfolio securities do not materially affect NAV. The Fund will not treat an intraday unscheduled disruption in NYSE trading as a closure of the NYSE and will price its shares as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, if the particular disruption directly affects only the NYSE. Please see the NYSE website (www.nyse.com) for a specific list of the holidays on which the NYSE is closed.

The Fund's portfolio securities are valued based upon market quotations or, if market quotations are not readily available, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Manager, as the Board's valuation designee. In this capacity, the Manager has adopted methodologies for determining the fair value of certain types of securities and other assets held by the Fund that do not have quoted market prices, including the use of other pricing sources, such as bid prices supplied by a principal market maker and evaluated prices supplied by pricing vendors that employ analytic methodologies that take into account the prices of similar securities and other market factors. In determining a security's value, the Fund generally uses the following methodologies. Securities included on the NASDAQ Market are valued at the NASDAQ Official Closing Price ("NOCP") on the day of valuation, or if there was no NOCP, at the last sale price. NASDAQ Market Securities for which there was no NOCP or last sale price are valued at the mean between the last bid and asked prices on the day of valuation, or the last bid price in the absence of an asked price. Open-end, non-exchange traded mutual funds are valued at their net asset value as determined as of the close of the NYSE on the date of valuation. Corporate bonds (other than convertible debt securities) and U.S Government securities that are actively traded in the OTC market, including listed securities for which the primary market is believed by the Manager in consultation with the subadviser to be over-the-counter, are valued on the basis of valuations provided by an independent pricing agent which uses information with respect to transactions in bonds, quotations from bond dealers, agency ratings, market transactions in comparable securities and various relationships between securities in determining value. Convertible debt securities that are actively traded in the over-the-counter market, including listed securities for which the primary market is believed by the Manager in consultation with the subadviser to be OTC, are valued on the day of valuation at an evaluated bid price provided by an independent pricing agent, or, in the absence of valuation provided by an independent pricing agent, at the bid price provided by a principal market maker or primary market dealer.

Options on securities and securities indices that are listed on an exchange are valued at the last sale price on such exchange on the day of valuation or, if there was no such sale on such day, at the mean between the most recently quoted bid and asked prices on such exchange or at the last bid price in the absence of an asked price. Where exchange trading has halted on exchange-traded call or put options, the last available traded price may be used for a period of no longer than five business days. On the sixth business day, such options may be valued at zero in the absence of trading, when such options are "out of the money" by more than 5% of the value of the underlying asset and expire within 14 calendar days of the valuation date.

Futures contracts and options thereon traded on a commodities exchange or Board of Trade shall be valued on the day of valuation at the last sale price at the close of trading on such exchange or Board of Trade or, if there was no sale on the applicable exchange or Board of Trade on such date, at the mean between the most recently quoted bid and asked prices on such exchange or Board of Trade or at the last bid price in the absence of an asked price. Quotations of non-U.S. securities in a non-U.S. currency are converted to U.S. dollar equivalents at the current rate obtained from a recognized bank, dealer or independent service, and forward currency exchange contracts are valued at the current cost of covering or offsetting such contracts. Should an extraordinary event, which is likely to affect the value of the security, occur after the close of an exchange on which a portfolio security is traded, such security will be valued at fair value considering factors determined in good faith by the Manager.

In addition, the Fund uses a service provided by a pricing vendor to fair value non-U.S. securities, which are securities that are primarily traded in non-U.S. markets and subject to a valuation adjustment upon the reaching of a valuation "trigger". The fair value prices of non-U.S. securities reflect an adjustment to closing market prices that is intended to reflect the causal link between movements in the U.S. market and the non-U.S. market on which the securities trade.

The use of fair value pricing procedures involves subjective judgments, and it is possible that the fair value determined for a security may be materially different from the value that could be realized upon the sale of that security. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Fund could obtain the fair value assigned to a security if the security were sold at approximately the same time at which the NAV per share is determined.

Generally, futures contracts will be valued at the close of trading for those contracts (normally 15 minutes after the close of regular trading on the NYSE). If, in the judgment of the Manager, the closing price of a contract is materially different from the contract price at the NYSE close, a fair value price for the contract will be determined.

If dividends are declared daily, the NAV of each class of shares will generally be the same. It is expected, however, that the dividends, if any, will differ by approximately the amount of the distribution and/or service fee expense accrual differential among the classes.

SHAREHOLDER SERVICES

Upon the initial purchase of Fund shares, a Shareholder Investment Account is established for each investor under which a record of the shares is maintained by PMFS. Share certificates are no longer issued for shares of the Fund. The Fund furnishes to shareholders the following privileges and plans:

AUTOMATIC REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND/OR DISTRIBUTIONS. For the convenience of investors, all dividends and distributions are automatically reinvested in full and fractional shares of the Fund at NAV per share. An investor may direct PMFS in writing not less than five full business days prior to the record date to have subsequent dividends and/or distributions sent in cash rather than reinvested. In the case of recently purchased shares for which registration instructions have not been received by the record date, cash payment will be made directly to the broker. Any shareholder who receives dividends or distributions in cash may subsequently reinvest any such dividend or distribution at NAV by returning the check or the proceeds to PMFS within 30 days after the payment date. Such reinvestment will be made at the NAV per share next determined after receipt of the check or the proceeds by PMFS. Shares purchased with reinvested dividends and/or distributions will not be subject to any CDSC upon redemption.

EXCHANGE PRIVILEGES. The Fund furnishes to shareholders the privilege of exchanging their shares of the Fund for shares of certain other PGIM Funds, as disclosed in the Fund's Prospectus, including one or more specified money market funds, subject in each case to the minimum investment requirements of such funds. Shares of such other PGIM Funds may also be exchanged for shares of the Fund. All exchanges are made on the basis of the relative NAV next determined after receipt of an order in proper form. An exchange will be treated as a redemption and purchase for federal income tax purposes. Shares may be exchanged for shares of another fund only if shares of such fund may legally be sold under applicable state laws. For retirement and group plans having a limited menu of PGIM Funds, the exchange privilege is available for those funds eligible for investment in the particular program.

It is contemplated that the exchange privilege may be applicable to new PGIM Funds, the shares of which may be distributed by the Distributor.

In order to exchange shares by telephone, you must authorize telephone exchanges on your initial application form or by written notice to PMFS and hold shares in non-certificated form. Thereafter, you may call the Fund at (800) 225-1852 to execute a telephone exchange of shares. For your protection and to prevent fraudulent exchanges, your telephone call will be recorded and you will be asked to authenticate your account. A written confirmation of the exchange transaction will be sent to you. Neither the Fund nor its agents will be liable for any loss, liability or cost which results from acting upon instructions reasonably believed to be genuine under the foregoing procedures. All exchanges will be made on the basis of the relative NAV of the two funds next determined after the request is received in good order.

If you hold shares through a brokerage firm, you must exchange your shares by contacting your financial adviser.

If you hold share certificates, the certificates must be returned in order for the shares to be exchanged. See "Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Fund Shares-Sale of Shares" above.

You may also exchange shares by mail by writing to PMFS, P.O. Box 534432, Pittsburgh, PA 15253-4432.

In periods of severe market or economic conditions the telephone exchange of shares may be difficult to implement and you should make exchanges by mail by writing to PMFS at the address noted above.

Class A shares: Shareholders of the Fund may exchange their Class A shares for Class A shares of certain other PGIM Funds and shares of the money market funds specified below. No fee or sales load will be imposed upon the exchange. Shareholders of money market funds who acquired such shares upon exchange of Class A shares may use the exchange privilege only to acquire Class A shares of the PGIM Funds participating in the exchange privilege.

The following money market fund participates in the Class A exchange privilege: PGIM Government Money Market Fund (Class A shares).

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 60

Participants in certain programs sponsored by broker-dealers, investment advisers and financial planners who have agreements with Prudential, or whose programs are available through financial intermediaries that have agreements with Prudential relating to mutual fund "wrap" or asset allocation programs or mutual fund "supermarket" programs, for which the Fund is an available option, may have their Class A shares, if any, exchanged for Class Z shares of the Fund, if available as an investment option, when they elect to have those assets become a part of the program. Upon leaving the program (whether voluntarily or not), such Class Z shares (and, to the extent provided for in the program, Class Z shares acquired through participation in the program) may be exchanged for Class A shares of the Fund at NAV if Class Z shares are not available to the shareholder as an investment option outside the program. Contact your program sponsor or financial intermediary with any questions.

Class C shares: Shareholders of the Fund may exchange their Class C shares of the Fund for Class C shares of other PGIM Funds. No CDSC will be payable upon such exchange, but a CDSC may be payable upon the redemption of the Class C shares acquired as a result of an exchange. The applicable sales charge will be that imposed by the fund in which shares were initially purchased and the purchase date will be deemed to be the date of the initial purchase, rather than the date of the exchange, excluding any time Class C shares were held in a money market fund.

Class C shares may also be exchanged for shares of PGIM Government Money Market Fund without imposition of any CDSC at the time of exchange. Upon subsequent redemption from such money market fund or after re-exchange into the Fund, such shares will be subject to the CDSC calculated without regard to the time such shares were held in the money market fund.

At any time after acquiring shares of other funds participating in the Class C exchange privilege, a shareholder may again exchange those shares (and any reinvested dividends and distributions) for Class C shares of the Fund without subjecting such shares to any CDSC. Shares of any fund participating in the Class C exchange privilege that were acquired through reinvestment of dividends or distributions may be exchanged for Class C shares of other funds without being subject to any CDSC.

Shareholders who qualify to purchase Class Z shares may have their Class C shares which are not subject to a CDSC and their Class A shares exchanged for Class Z shares upon notification. Eligibility for this exchange privilege will be calculated on the business day prior to the date of the exchange. Amounts representing Class C shares which are not subject to a CDSC include the following: (1) amounts representing Class C shares acquired pursuant to the automatic reinvestment of dividends and distributions, (2) amounts representing the increase in the NAV above the total amount of payments for the purchase of Class C shares and (3) amounts representing Class C shares held beyond the applicable CDSC period. Class C shareholders must notify PMFS either directly or through Wells Fargo Advisors, Pruco Securities, LLC or another broker that they are eligible for this special exchange privilege.

Participants in any fee-based program for which the Fund is an available option may arrange with the Transfer Agent or their recordkeeper to have their Class A shares, if any, exchanged for Class Z shares when they elect to have those assets become a part of the fee-based program. Upon leaving the program (whether voluntarily or not), the participant may arrange with the Transfer Agent or their recordkeeper to have such Class Z shares acquired through participation in the program exchanged for Class A shares at NAV. Similarly, participants in Wells Fargo Advisors' 401(k) Plan for which the Fund's Class Z shares are an available option and who wish to transfer their Class Z shares out of the Wells Fargo Advisors 401(k) Plan following separation from service (i.e., voluntary or involuntary termination of employment or retirement) may arrange with the Transfer Agent or their recordkeeper to have their Class Z shares exchanged for Class A shares at NAV.

Additional details about the exchange privilege and prospectuses for each of the PGIM Funds are available from PMFS, the Distributor or your broker. The special exchange privilege may be modified, terminated or suspended on sixty days' notice, and the Fund, or the Distributor, has the right to reject any exchange application relating to the Fund's shares.

Class R shares: Class R shares may be exchanged for Class R shares of other PGIM Funds.

Class R2 shares: Class R2 shares may be exchanged for Class R2 shares of other PGIM Funds (except the PGIM Target Date Funds).

Class R4 shares : Class R4 shares may be exchanged for Class R4 shares of other PGIM Funds (except the PGIM Target Date Funds).

Class R6 shares: Class R6 shares may be exchanged for Class R6 shares of other PGIM Funds (except the PGIM Target Date Funds or the PGIM 60/40 Allocation Fund).

Class Z shares: Class Z shares may be exchanged for Class Z shares of other PGIM Funds.

AUTOMATIC INVESTMENT PLAN ("AIP"). Under AIP, an investor may arrange to have a fixed amount automatically invested in shares of the Fund by authorizing his or her bank account or brokerage account to be debited to invest specified dollar amounts in shares of the Fund. The investor's bank must be a member of the Automated Clearing House System.

Further information about this program and an application form can be obtained from PMFS, the Distributor or your broker.

SYSTEMATIC WITHDRAWAL PLAN. A Systematic Withdrawal Plan is available to shareholders through the PMFS or your broker. The Systematic Withdrawal Plan provides for monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual redemptions in any amount, except as provided below, up to the value of the shares in the shareholder's account. Systematic withdrawals of Class A (in certain instances), Class C shares may be subject to a CDSC. The Systematic Withdrawal Plan is not available to participants in certain retirement plans. Please contact PMFS at (800) 225-1852 for more details.

PMFS, the Distributor or your broker acts as an agent for the shareholder in redeeming sufficient full and fractional shares to provide the amount of the systematic withdrawal payment. The Systematic Withdrawal Plan may be terminated at any time.

Systematic withdrawals should not be considered as dividends, yield or income. If systematic withdrawals continuously exceed reinvested dividends and distributions, the shareholder's original investment will be correspondingly reduced and ultimately exhausted.

Furthermore, each withdrawal constitutes a redemption of shares, and any gain or loss realized must be recognized for federal income tax purposes. In addition, withdrawals made concurrently with purchases of additional shares are inadvisable because of the sales charges applicable to (i) the purchase of Class A shares and (ii) the redemption of Class A (in certain instances) and Class C shares. Each shareholder should consult his or her own tax adviser with regard to the tax consequences of the Systematic Withdrawal Plan, particularly if used in connection with a retirement plan.

MUTUAL FUND PROGRAMS. From time to time, the Fund may be included in a mutual fund program with other PGIM Funds. Under such a program, a group of portfolios will be selected and thereafter marketed collectively. Typically, these programs are marketed with an investment theme, such as pursuit of greater diversification, protection from interest rate movements or access to different management styles. In the event such a program is instituted, there may be a minimum investment requirement for the program as a whole. The Fund may waive or reduce the minimum initial investment requirements in connection with such a program.

The mutual funds in the program may be purchased individually or as a part of a program. Since the allocation of portfolios included in the program may not be appropriate for all investors, investors should consult their financial adviser concerning the appropriate blends of portfolios for them. If investors elect to purchase the individual mutual funds that constitute the program in an investment ratio different from that offered by the program, the standard minimum investment requirements for the individual mutual funds will apply.

TAX-DEFERRED RETIREMENT PROGRAMS. Various tax-deferred retirement plans, including traditional 401(k) plans, self-directed traditional individual retirement accounts and "tax-deferred accounts" under Section 403(b)(7) of the Code are available through the Distributor. These plans are for use by both self-employed individuals and corporate employers. These plans permit either self-direction of accounts by participants or a pooled account arrangement. Information regarding the establishment of these plans, their administration, custodial fees and other details is available from the Distributor or PMFS.

Investors who are considering the adoption of such a plan should consult with their own legal counsel and/or tax adviser with respect to the establishment and maintenance of any such plan.

TAXES, DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

The following is a summary of certain tax considerations generally affecting the Fund and its shareholders. This section is based on the Code, Treasury Regulations, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect. These laws are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. Please consult your own tax adviser concerning the consequences of investing in the Fund in your particular circumstances under the Code and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.

QUALIFICATION AS A REGULATED INVESTMENT COMPANY. The Fund has elected to be taxed as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code and intends to meet all other requirements that are necessary for it to be relieved of federal taxes on income and gains it distributes to shareholders. As a regulated investment company, the Fund is not subject to federal income tax on the portion of its net investment income (i.e., investment company taxable income, as that term is defined in the Code, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) and net capital gain (i.e., the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss) that it distributes to shareholders, provided that it distributes at least 90% of its net tax-exempt income and investment company taxable income for the year (the "Distribution Requirement"), and satisfies certain other requirements of the Code that are described below.

Net capital gains of the Fund that are available for distribution to shareholders will be computed by taking into account any applicable capital loss carryforwards. If the Fund has a capital loss carryforward, the amount and duration of any such capital loss carryforward will be set forth at the end of this section.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 62

In addition to satisfying the Distribution Requirement, the Fund must derive at least 90% of its gross income from dividends, interest, certain payments with respect to loans of stock and securities, gains from the sale or disposition of stock, securities or non-U.S. currencies and other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from an interest in a QPTP.

The Fund must also satisfy an asset diversification test on a quarterly basis. Failure to do so may result in the Fund being subject to penalty taxes, being required to sell certain of its positions, and may cause the Fund to fail to qualify as a regulated investment company. Under this asset diversification test, at the close of each quarter of the Fund's taxable year, (1) 50% or more of the value of the Fund's assets must be represented by cash, United States government securities, securities of other regulated investment companies, and other securities, with such other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5% of the value of the Fund's assets and 10% of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer and (2) not more than 25% of the value of the Fund's assets may be invested in securities of (x) any one issuer (other than United States government securities or securities of other regulated investment companies), or two or more issuers (other than securities of other regulated investment companies) of which the Fund owns 20% or more of the voting stock and which are engaged in the same, similar or related trades or businesses or (y) one or more QPTPs (as such term is defined in the Code) and commonly referred to as "master limited partnerships."

The Fund may be able to cure a failure to derive at least 90% of its income from the sources specified above or a failure to diversify its holdings in the manner described above by paying a tax, by disposing of certain assets, or by paying a tax and disposing of assets. If, in any taxable year, the Fund fails one of these tests and does not timely cure the failure, the Fund will be taxed in the same manner as an ordinary corporation and distributions to its shareholders will not be deductible by the Fund in computing its taxable income.

Although in general the passive loss rules of the Code do not apply to regulated investment companies, such rules do apply to a regulated investment company with respect to items attributable to an interest in a QPTP. The Fund's investments in partnerships, including in QPTPs, may result in the Fund being subject to state, local or non-U.S. income, franchise or withholding tax liabilities.

If for any year the Fund does not qualify as a regulated investment company, or fails to meet the Distribution Requirement, all of its taxable income (including its net capital gain) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to shareholders. In addition, in the event of a failure to qualify, the Fund's distributions, to the extent derived from the Fund's current or accumulated earnings and profits, including any distributions of net long-term capital gains, will be taxable to shareholders as dividend income. However, such dividends will be eligible (i) to be treated as qualified dividend income in the case of shareholders taxed as individuals and (ii) for the dividends received deduction in the case of corporate shareholders. Moreover, if the Fund fails to qualify as a regulated investment company in any year, it must pay out its earnings and profits accumulated in that year in order to qualify again as a regulated investment company. If the Fund fails to qualify as a regulated investment company for a period greater than two taxable years, the Fund may be subject to taxation on any net built-in-gains (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gain, including items of income, over aggregate loss that would have been realized if the Fund had been liquidated) recognized for a period of five years, or, under certain circumstances, may have to recognize and pay tax on such net built-in-gain, in order to qualify as a regulated investment company in a subsequent year.

EXCISE TAX ON REGULATED INVESTMENT COMPANIES. A 4% non-deductible excise tax is imposed on a regulated investment company to the extent that it distributes income in such a way that it is taxable to shareholders in a calendar year other than the calendar year in which the Fund earned the income. Specifically, the excise tax will be imposed if the Fund fails to distribute in each calendar year an amount equal to 98% of ordinary taxable income, including qualified dividend income, for the calendar year and 98.2% of capital gain net income for the one-year period ending on October 31 of such calendar year (or, at the election of a regulated investment company having a taxable year ending November 30 or December 31, for its taxable year). The balance of such income must be distributed during the next calendar year. For the foregoing purposes, a regulated investment company is treated as having distributed otherwise retained amounts if it is subject to income tax on those amounts for any taxable year ending in such calendar year.

The Fund intends to make sufficient distributions or deemed distributions of its qualified dividend income, ordinary income and capital gain net income prior to the end of each calendar year to avoid liability for this excise tax. However, investors should note that the Fund may in certain circumstances be required to borrow money or liquidate portfolio investments to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise tax liability.

FUND INVESTMENTS. The Fund may make investments or engage in transactions that affect the character, amount and timing of gains or losses realized by the Fund. The Fund may make investments that produce income that is not matched by a corresponding cash receipt by the Fund. Any such income would be treated as income earned by the Fund and therefore would be subject to the Distribution Requirement. Such investments may require the Fund to borrow money or dispose of other securities in order to comply with those requirements. The Fund may also make investments that prevent or defer the recognition of losses or the deduction of expenses. These investments may likewise require the Fund to borrow money or dispose of other securities in order to comply with the Distribution

Requirement. Additionally, the Fund may make investments that result in the recognition of ordinary income rather than capital gain, or that prevent the Fund from accruing a long-term holding period. These investments may prevent the Fund from making capital gain distributions as described below. The Fund intends to monitor its transactions, will make the appropriate tax elections and will make the appropriate entries in its books and records when it makes any such investments in order to mitigate the effect of these rules. The foregoing concepts are explained in greater detail in the following paragraphs.

Gains or losses on sales of stock or securities by the Fund generally will be treated as long-term capital gains or losses if the stock or securities have been held by it for more than one year, except in certain cases where the Fund acquires a put or writes a call or otherwise holds an offsetting position, with respect to the stock or securities. Other gains or losses on the sale of stock or securities will be short-term capital gains or losses.

In certain situations, the Fund may, for a taxable year, defer all or a portion of its net capital loss realized after October (or if there is no net capital loss, then any net long-term or short-term capital loss) and its late-year ordinary loss (defined as the sum of the excess of post-October non-U.S. currency and passive non-U.S. investment company ("PFIC") losses over post-October non-U.S. currency and PFIC gains plus the excess of post-December ordinary losses over post-December ordinary income) until the next taxable year in computing its investment company taxable income and net capital gain, which will defer the recognition of such realized losses. Such deferrals and other rules regarding gains and losses realized after October (or December) may affect the tax character of shareholder distributions.

If an option written by the Fund on securities lapses or is terminated through a closing transaction, such as a repurchase by the Fund of the option from its holder, the Fund will generally realize short-term capital gain or loss. If securities are sold by the Fund pursuant to the exercise of a call option written by it, the Fund will include the premium received in the sale proceeds of the securities delivered in determining the amount of gain or loss on the sale. Gain or loss on the sale, lapse or other termination of options acquired by the Fund on stock or securities and on narrowly-based stock indices will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term or short-term depending on the holding period of the option.

Certain Fund transactions may be subject to wash sale, short sale, constructive sale, conversion transaction, constructive ownership transaction and straddle provisions of the Code that may, among other things, require the Fund to defer recognition of losses or convert long-term capital gain into ordinary income or short-term capital gain taxable as ordinary income.

As a result of entering into swap contracts, the Fund may make or receive periodic net payments. The Fund may also make or receive a payment when a swap is terminated prior to maturity through an assignment of the swap or other closing transaction. Periodic net payments will generally constitute taxable ordinary income or deductions, while termination of a swap will generally result in capital gain or loss (which will be a long-term capital gain or loss if the Fund has been a party to the swap for more than one year). With respect to certain types of swaps, the Fund may be required to currently recognize income or loss with respect to future payments on such swaps or may elect under certain circumstances to mark such swaps to market annually for tax purposes as ordinary income or loss. Periodic net payments that would otherwise constitute ordinary deductions but are allocable under the Code to exempt-interest dividends will not be allowed as a deduction but instead will reduce net tax-exempt income.

In general, gain or loss on a short sale is recognized when the Fund closes the sale by delivering the borrowed property to the lender, not when the borrowed property is sold. Gain or loss from a short sale is generally capital gain or loss to the extent that the property used to close the short sale constitutes a capital asset in the Fund's hands. Except with respect to certain situations where the property used by the Fund to close a short sale has a long-term holding period on the date of the short sale, special rules would generally treat the gains on short sales as short-term capital gains. These rules may also terminate the running of the holding period of "substantially identical property" held by the Fund. Moreover, a loss on a short sale will be treated as a long-term capital loss if, on the date of the short sale, "substantially identical property" has been held by the Fund for more than one year. In general, the Fund will not be permitted to deduct payments made to reimburse the lender of securities for dividends paid on borrowed stock if the short sale is closed on or before the 45th day after the short sale is entered into.

Debt securities acquired by the Fund may be subject to original issue discount and market discount rules which, respectively, may cause the Fund to accrue income in advance of the receipt of cash with respect to interest or cause gains to be treated as ordinary income subject to the Distribution Requirement referred to above. Market discount generally is the excess, if any, of the principal amount of the security (or, in the case of a security issued at an original issue discount, the adjusted issue price of the security) over the price paid by the Fund for the security. Original issue discount that accrues in a taxable year is treated as income earned by the Fund and therefore is subject to the Distribution Requirement. Because the original issue discount income earned by the Fund in a taxable year may not be represented by cash income, the Fund may have to borrow money or dispose of other securities and use the proceeds to make distributions to satisfy the Distribution Requirement. The Fund will face a similar issue with market discount that it elects, or is required to accrue.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 64

Certain futures contracts and certain listed options (referred to as Section 1256 contracts) held by the Fund will be required to be "marked to market" for federal income tax purposes at the end of the Fund's taxable year, that is, treated as having been sold at the fair market value on the last business day of the Fund's taxable year. Except with respect to certain non-U.S. currency forward contracts, sixty percent of any gain or loss recognized on these deemed sales and on actual dispositions will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss, and forty percent will be treated as short-term capital gain or loss. Any net mark-to-market gains may be subject to the Distribution Requirement referred to above, even though the Fund may receive no corresponding cash amounts, possibly requiring the disposition of portfolio securities or borrowing to obtain the necessary cash.

Gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates that occur between the time the Fund accrues interest or other receivables or accrues expenses or other liabilities denominated in a non-U.S. currency and the time the Fund actually collects such receivables or pays such liabilities are treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gains or losses on non-U.S. currency forward contracts or dispositions of debt securities denominated in a non-U.S. currency that are attributable to fluctuations in the value of the non-U.S. currency between the date of acquisition of the security or contract and the date of disposition thereof generally also are treated as ordinary income or loss. These gains or losses, referred to under the Code as "Section 988" gains or losses, increase or decrease the amount of the Fund's investment company taxable income available to be distributed to its shareholders as ordinary income, rather than increasing or decreasing the amount of the Fund's net capital gain. If Section 988 losses exceed other investment company taxable income during a taxable year, the Fund would not be able to make any ordinary dividend distributions from current earnings and profits, and distributions made before the losses were realized could be recharacterized as a return of capital to shareholders, rather than as an ordinary dividend, thereby reducing each shareholder's basis in his or her Fund shares.

If the Fund holds (directly or indirectly) one or more "tax credit bonds" (defined below) on one or more specified dates during the Fund's taxable year, and the Fund satisfies the minimum distribution requirement, the Fund may elect for U.S. federal income tax purposes to pass through to shareholders tax credits otherwise allowable to the Fund for that year with respect to such bonds. A tax credit bond is defined in the Code as a "qualified tax credit bond" (which includes a qualified forestry conservation bond, a new clean renewable energy bond, a qualified energy conservation bond, a qualified zone academy bond, or a qualified school construction bond, each of which must meet certain requirements specified in the Code), a "build America bond" or certain other specified bonds. If the Fund were to make an election, a shareholder of the Fund would be required to include in gross income an amount equal to such shareholder's proportionate share of the interest income attributable to such credits and would be entitled to claim as a tax credit an amount equal to the shareholder's proportionate share of such credits. Certain limitations may apply on the extent to which the credit may be claimed.

The Fund may make investments in equity securities of non-U.S. issuers, subject to the requirements of its investment restrictions. If the Fund purchases shares in PFICs, the Fund may be subject to federal income tax on a portion of any "excess distribution" from such non-U.S. corporation, including any gain from the disposition of such shares, even if such income is distributed by the Fund to its shareholders. In addition, certain interest charges may be imposed on the Fund as a result of such distributions. If the Fund were to invest in an eligible PFIC and elected to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund (a "QEF"), in lieu of the foregoing requirements, the Fund would be required to include each year in its income and distribute to shareholders in accordance with the Distribution Requirement, a pro rata portion of the QEF's ordinary earnings and net capital gain, whether or not distributed by the QEF to the Fund. The Fund may not be able to make this election with respect to many PFICs because of certain requirements that the PFICs would have to satisfy.

Alternatively, the Fund generally will be permitted to "mark to market" any shares it holds in a PFIC. If the Fund made such an election, with such election being made separately for each PFIC owned by the Fund, the Fund would be required to include in income each year and distribute to shareholders in accordance with the Distribution Requirement, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the PFIC stock as of the close of the taxable year over the adjusted basis of such stock at that time. The Fund would be allowed a deduction for the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of the PFIC stock over its fair market value as of the close of the taxable year, but only to the extent of any net mark-to-market gains with respect to the stock included by the Fund for prior taxable years. The Fund will make appropriate basis adjustments in the PFIC stock to take into account the mark-to-market amounts.

Notwithstanding any election made by the Fund, dividends attributable to distributions from a non-U.S. corporation will not be eligible for the special tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income if the non-U.S. corporation is a PFIC either in the taxable year of the distribution or the preceding taxable year, but instead will be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income.

The Fund may invest in REITs, subject to the requirements of its investment restrictions. The Fund's investments in REIT equity securities may require the Fund to accrue and distribute income not yet received. In order to generate sufficient cash to make the requisite distributions, the Fund may be required to sell securities in its portfolio that it otherwise would have continued to hold (including when it is not advantageous to do so). The Fund's investments in REIT equity securities may at other times result in the Fund's receipt of cash in excess of the REIT's earnings; if the Fund distributes such amounts, such distribution could constitute a return

of capital to Fund shareholders for federal income tax purposes. In addition, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, a direct REIT shareholder may claim a 20% "qualified business income" deduction for ordinary REIT dividends, and a RIC may pass through to its shareholders the special character of this income. Ordinary dividends received by the Fund from a REIT will generally not constitute qualified dividend income, which would be eligible for tax at a reduced rate.

Some of the REITs in which the Fund may invest will be permitted to hold residual interests in real estate mortgage investment conduits ("REMICs"). Under Treasury regulations not yet issued, but that may apply retroactively, a portion of the Fund's income from a REIT that is attributable to the REIT's residual interest in a REMIC (referred to in the Code as an "excess inclusion") will be subject to federal income tax in all events. These regulations are expected to provide that excess inclusion income of a regulated investment company, such as the Fund, will be allocated to shareholders of the regulated investment company in proportion to the dividends received by shareholders, with the same consequences as if shareholders held the related REMIC residual interest directly.

In general, excess inclusion income allocated to shareholders (i) cannot be offset by net operating losses (subject to a limited exception for certain thrift institutions), (ii) will constitute unrelated business taxable income to entities (including a qualified pension plan, an individual retirement account, a 401(k) plan, a Keogh plan or other tax-exempt entity) subject to tax on unrelated business income, thereby potentially requiring such an entity that is allocated excess inclusion income, and that otherwise might not be required to file a tax return, to file a tax return and pay tax on such income, and (iii) in the case of a non-U.S. shareholder, will not qualify for any reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax.

Under current law, if a charitable remainder trust (defined in Section 664 of the Code) realizes any unrelated business taxable income for a taxable year, it will be subject to an excise tax equal to 100% of such unrelated business taxable income. In addition, if at any time during any taxable year a "disqualified organization" (as defined in the Code) is a record holder of a share in a regulated investment company, then the regulated investment company will be subject to a tax equal to that portion of its excess inclusion income for the taxable year that is allocable to the disqualified organization, multiplied by the highest federal income tax rate imposed on corporations. The Fund does not intend to invest directly in residual interests in REMICs or to invest in REITs in which a substantial portion of the assets will consist of residual interests in REMICs.

FUND DISTRIBUTIONS. The Fund anticipates distributing substantially all of its net investment income for each taxable year. Dividends of net investment income paid to a non-corporate U.S. shareholder that are reported as qualified dividend income will generally be taxable to such shareholder at capital gain income tax rates. The amount of dividend income that may be reported by the Fund as qualified dividend income will generally be limited to the aggregate of the eligible dividends received by the Fund. Dividends of net investment income that are not reported as qualified dividend income or exempt-interest dividends and dividends of net short-term capital gains will be taxable to shareholders at ordinary income rates. Dividends paid by the Fund with respect to a taxable year will qualify for the dividends received deduction generally available to corporations to the extent of the amount of dividends received by the Fund from certain domestic corporations for the taxable year. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Fund may also report dividends eligible for a 20% "qualified business income" deduction for non-corporate U.S. shareholders to the extent the Fund's income is derived from ordinary REIT dividends, reduced by allocable Fund expenses. In order for the Fund's dividends to be eligible for treatment as qualified dividend income or for the dividends received deduction or qualified business income deduction, the Fund must meet certain holding period requirements with respect to the shares on which the Fund received the eligible dividends, and the U.S. shareholder must meet certain holding period requirements with respect to the Fund shares. Shareholders will be advised annually as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of distributions made (or deemed made) during the year, including the portion of dividends paid that qualify for the reduced tax rate.

Ordinarily, shareholders are required to take taxable distributions by the Fund into account in the year in which the distributions are made. However, for federal income tax purposes, dividends that are declared by the Fund in October, November or December as of a record date in such month and actually paid in January of the following year will be treated as if they were paid on December 31 of the year declared. Therefore, such dividends will generally be taxable to a shareholder in the year declared rather than the year paid.

Dividends paid by the Fund that are properly reported as exempt-interest dividends will not be subject to regular federal income tax. Dividends paid by the Fund will be exempt from federal income tax (though not necessarily exempt from state and local taxation) to the extent of the Fund's tax-exempt interest income as long as 50% or more of the value of the Fund's assets at the end of each quarter is invested in (1) state, municipal and other bonds that are excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes or (2) interests in other regulated investment companies, and, in each case, as long as the Fund properly reports such dividends as exempt-interest dividends. Exempt-interest dividends from interest earned on municipal securities of a state, or its political subdivisions, are generally exempt from income tax in that state. However, income from municipal securities from other states generally will not qualify for tax-free treatment.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 66

Interest on indebtedness incurred by a shareholder to purchase or carry shares of the Fund will not be deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent it relates to exempt-interest dividends received by a shareholder. If a shareholder receives exempt-interest dividends with respect to any share of the Fund (other than if the Fund declares income dividends daily and pays such dividends at least as frequently as monthly) and if the share is held by the shareholder for six months or less, then any loss on the sale or exchange of the share may, to the extent of the exempt-interest dividends, be disallowed. In addition, the Code may require a shareholder that receives exempt-interest dividends to treat as taxable income a portion of certain otherwise non-taxable social security and railroad retirement benefit payments. Furthermore, a portion of any exempt-interest dividend paid by the Fund that represents income derived from certain revenue or private activity bonds held by the Fund may not retain its tax-exempt status in the hands of a shareholder who is a "substantial user" of a facility financed by such bonds, or a "related person" thereof. In addition, the receipt of dividends and distributions from the Fund may affect a non-U.S. corporate shareholder's federal "branch profits" tax liability and the federal "excess net passive income" tax liability of a shareholder of an S corporation. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisers as to whether they are (i) "substantial users" with respect to a facility or "related" to such users within the meaning of the Code or (ii) subject to the federal "branch profits" tax, or the federal "excess net passive income" tax.

The Fund may either retain or distribute to shareholders its net capital gain (i.e., excess net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss) for each taxable year. The Fund currently intends to distribute any such amounts. If net capital gain is distributed and reported as a "capital gain dividend," it will be taxable to shareholders as long-term capital gain, regardless of the length of time the shareholder has held its shares or whether such gain was recognized by the Fund prior to the date on which the shareholder acquired its shares. Conversely, if the Fund elects to retain its net capital gain, the Fund will be taxed thereon (except to the extent of any available capital loss carryovers) at the 21% corporate tax rate. In such a case, it is expected that the Fund also will elect to have shareholders of record on the last day of its taxable year treated as if each received a distribution of its pro rata share of such gain, with the result that each shareholder will be required to report its pro rata share of such gain on its tax return as long-term capital gain, will receive a refundable tax credit for its pro rata share of tax paid by the Fund on the gain, and will increase the tax basis for its shares by an amount equal to the deemed distribution less the tax credit.

Distributions that exceed the Fund's current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a return of capital to the extent of (and in reduction of) the shareholder's tax basis in its shares; any distribution in excess of such tax basis will be treated as gain from the sale of its shares, as discussed below. Distributions in excess of the Fund's minimum distribution requirements but not in excess of the Fund's earnings and profits will be taxable to shareholders and will not constitute nontaxable returns of capital. In the event that the Fund were to experience an ownership change as defined under the Code, the Fund's loss carryforwards, if any, may be subject to limitation.

Distributions will be treated in the manner described above regardless of whether such distributions are paid in cash or reinvested in additional shares of the Fund (or of another fund). Shareholders receiving a distribution in the form of additional shares will be treated as receiving a distribution in an amount equal to the amount of cash that could have been received. In addition, prospective investors in the Fund should be aware that distributions from the Fund will, all other things being equal, have the effect of reducing the NAV of the Fund's shares by the amount of the distribution. If the NAV is reduced below a shareholder's cost, the distribution will nonetheless be taxable as described above, even if the distribution effectively represents a return of invested capital. Investors should consider the tax implications of buying shares just prior to a distribution, when the price of shares may reflect the amount of the forthcoming distribution.

SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES. A shareholder will generally recognize gain or loss on the sale or redemption of shares in an amount equal to the difference between the proceeds of the sale or redemption and the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the shares. All or a portion of any loss so recognized may be disallowed if the shareholder acquires other shares of the Fund or substantially identical stock or securities within a period of 61 days beginning 30 days before such disposition, such as pursuant to reinvestment of a dividend in shares of the Fund. Additionally, if a shareholder disposes of shares of the Fund within 90 days following their acquisition, and the shareholder subsequently re-acquires Fund shares (1) before January 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the original stock was disposed of, (2) pursuant to a reinvestment right received upon the purchase of the original shares and (3) at a reduced load charge (i.e., sales or additional charge), then any load charge incurred upon the acquisition of the original shares will not be taken into account as part of the shareholder's basis for computing gain or loss upon the sale of such shares, to the extent the original load charge does not exceed any reduction of the load charge with respect to the acquisition of the subsequent shares. To the extent the original load charge is not taken into account on the disposition of the original shares, such charge shall be treated as incurred in connection with the acquisition of the subsequent shares. In general, any gain or loss arising from (or treated as arising from) the sale or redemption of shares of the Fund will be considered capital gain or loss and will be long term capital gain or loss if the shares were held for more than one year. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or redemption of shares held for six months or less will be treated as a long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of long-term capital gain dividends received on (or undistributed long-term capital gains credited with respect to) such shares.

Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. shareholder is generally taxed at a federal income tax rate of up to 15% or 20%, depending on whether the shareholder's income exceeds certain threshold amounts, which are adjusted annually for inflation. Capital gain of a corporate shareholder is taxed at the same rate as ordinary income.

Cost Basis Reporting . Mutual funds must report cost basis information to you and the IRS when you sell or exchange shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012 in your non-retirement accounts. The cost basis regulations do not affect retirement accounts, money market funds, and shares acquired before January 1, 2012. The regulations also require mutual funds to report whether a gain or loss is short-term (shares held one year or less) or long-term (shares held more than one year) for all shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012 that are subsequently sold or exchanged. To calculate the gain or loss on shares sold, you need to know the cost basis of the shares. Cost basis is the original value of an asset for tax purposes (usually the gross purchase price), adjusted for stock splits, reinvested dividends, and return of capital distributions. This value is used to determine the capital gain (or loss), which is the difference between the cost basis of the shares and the gross proceeds when the shares are sold. The Fund's Transfer Agent supports several different cost basis methods from which you may select a cost basis method you believe best suited to your needs. If you decide to elect the Transfer Agent's default method, which is average cost, no action is required on your part. For shares acquired on or after January 1, 2012, if you change your cost basis method, the new method will apply to all shares in the account if you request the change prior to the first redemption. If, however, you request the change after the first redemption, the new method will apply to shares acquired on or after the date of the change. Keep in mind that the Fund's Transfer Agent is not required to report cost basis information to you or the IRS on shares acquired before January 1, 2012. However, the Transfer Agent will provide this information to you, as a service, if its cost basis records are complete for such shares. This information will be separately identified on the Form 1099-B (Proceeds from Broker and Barter Exchange Transactions) sent to you by the Transfer Agent and not transmitted to the IRS.

BACKUP WITHHOLDING. The Fund will be required in certain cases to withhold and remit to the U.S. Treasury 24% of all dividends and capital gain dividends, and the proceeds of redemption of shares, paid to any shareholder (1) who has provided the Fund with either an incorrect tax identification number or no number at all, (2) who is subject to backup withholding by the IRS for failure to report the receipt of interest or dividend income properly or (3) who has failed to certify to the Fund that it is not subject to backup withholding or that it is a corporation or other exempt recipient. In addition, dividends and capital gain dividends made to corporate United States holders may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld may be refunded or credited against a shareholder's federal income tax liability, provided the appropriate information is furnished to the IRS.

If a shareholder recognizes a loss with respect to the Fund's shares of $2 million or more for an individual shareholder or $10 million or more for a corporate shareholder, the shareholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct shareholders of portfolio securities are in many cases exempted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, shareholders of a regulated investment company are not exempted. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer's treatment of the loss is proper. Shareholders should consult their tax advisers to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their individual circumstances.

MEDICARE CONTRIBUTION TAX. A U.S. person that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is exempt from such tax, is subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S. person's "net investment income" for the relevant taxable year and (2) the excess of the U.S. person's modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over $200,000 (or $250,000 if married filing jointly). The Fund shareholder's net investment income will generally include, among other things, dividend income from the Fund and net gains from the disposition of Fund shares, unless such dividend income or net gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of a trade or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain passive or trading activities). If you are a U.S. person that is an individual, estate or trust, you are urged to consult your tax advisers regarding the applicability of the Medicare contribution tax to your income and gains in respect of your investment in the Fund shares.

NON-U.S. SHAREHOLDERS. Dividends paid to a shareholder who, as to the United States, is a nonresident alien individual, non-U.S. trust or estate, non-U.S. corporation, or non-U.S. partnership ("non-U.S. shareholder") will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or lower applicable treaty rate) on the gross amount of the dividend. Such a non-U.S. shareholder would generally be exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including withholding tax, on gains realized on the sale of shares of the Fund, net capital gain dividends, exempt-interest dividends, amounts retained by the Fund that are reported as undistributed capital gains, and amounts reported by the Fund as interest-related dividends or short-term capital gain dividends.

The foregoing applies when the non-U.S. shareholder's income from the Fund is not effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. If the income from the Fund is effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business carried on by a non-U.S. shareholder, then ordinary income dividends, qualified dividend income, net capital gain dividends, undistributed capital gains credited to such shareholder and any gains realized upon the sale of shares of the Fund will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the graduated rates applicable to U.S. citizens or domestic corporations.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 68

Distributions that the Fund reports as "short-term capital gain dividends" or "net capital gain dividends" will not be treated as such to a recipient non-U.S. shareholder if the distribution is attributable to gain from the sale or exchange of U.S. real property or an interest in a U.S. real property holding corporation (including a REIT dividend attributable to such gain) and the Fund's direct or indirect interests in U.S. real property exceed certain levels. Instead, if the non-U.S. shareholder has not owned more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Fund at any time during the one year period ending on the date of distribution, such distributions will be subject to 30% withholding by the Fund and will be treated as ordinary dividends to the non-U.S. shareholder; if the non-U.S. shareholder owned more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Fund at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of the distribution, such distribution will be treated as real property gain subject to 21% withholding tax and could subject the non-U.S. shareholder to U.S. filing requirements. Additionally, if the Fund's direct or indirect interests in U.S. real property were to exceed certain levels, a non-U.S. shareholder realizing gains upon redemption from the Fund could be subject to the 21% withholding tax and U.S. filing requirements unless more than 50% of the Fund's shares were owned by U.S. persons at such time or unless the non-U.S. person had not held more than 5% of the Fund's outstanding shares throughout either such person's holding period for the redeemed shares or, if shorter, the previous five years.

The rules laid out in the previous paragraph, other than the withholding rules, will apply notwithstanding the Fund's participation in a wash sale transaction or its payment of a substitute dividend.

The Fund may be required to recognize a portion of its gain on the in-kind distribution of certain U.S. real property interests if the Fund is domestically controlled (meaning that more than 50% of the value of the Fund's shares is held by U.S. shareholders).

In the case of non-U.S. non-corporate shareholders, the Fund may be required to backup withhold U.S. federal income tax on distributions that are otherwise exempt from withholding tax unless such shareholders furnish the Fund with proper notification of their non-U.S. status.

Separately, a 30% withholding tax is currently imposed on U.S.-source dividends, interest and other income items paid to (i) non-U.S. financial institutions including non-U.S. investment funds unless they agree to collect and disclose to the IRS information regarding their direct and indirect U.S. account holders and (ii) certain other non-U.S. entities, unless they certify certain information regarding their direct and indirect U.S. owners. To avoid withholding, non-U.S. financial institutions will need to (i) enter into agreements with the IRS that state that they will provide the IRS information, including the names, addresses and taxpayer identification numbers of direct and indirect U.S. account holders, comply with due diligence procedures with respect to the identification of U.S. accounts, report to the IRS certain information with respect to U.S. accounts maintained, agree to withhold tax on certain payments made to non-compliant non-U.S. financial institutions or to account holders, or (ii) in the event that an intergovernmental agreement and implementing legislation are adopted, provide local revenue authorities with similar account holder information. Other non-U.S. entities will need to either provide the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of each substantial U.S. owner or certifications of no substantial U.S. ownership unless certain exceptions apply.

The tax consequences to a non-U.S. shareholder entitled to claim the benefits of an applicable tax treaty may be different from those described herein. Non-U.S. shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisers with respect to the particular tax consequences to them of an investment in the Fund, the procedure for claiming the benefit of a lower treaty rate and the applicability of non-U.S. taxes.

NON-U.S. TAXES. The Fund may be subject to non-U.S. withholding taxes or other non-U.S. taxes with respect to income (possibly including, in some cases, capital gain) received from sources within non-U.S. countries. So long as more than 50% by value of the total assets of the Fund (1) at the close of the taxable year, consists of stock or securities of non-U.S. issuers, or (2) at the close of each quarter, consists of interests in other regulated investment companies, the Fund may elect to treat any non-U.S. income taxes paid by it as paid directly by its shareholders.

If the Fund makes the election, each shareholder will be required to (i) include in gross income, even though not actually received, its pro rata share of the Fund's non-U.S. income taxes, and (ii) either deduct (in calculating U.S. taxable income) or credit (in calculating U.S. federal income tax) its pro rata share of the Fund's income taxes. A non-U.S. tax credit may not exceed the U.S. federal income tax otherwise payable with respect to the non-U.S. source income. For this purpose, each shareholder must treat as non-U.S. source gross income (i) its proportionate share of non-U.S. taxes paid by the Fund and (ii) the portion of any actual dividend paid by the Fund which represents income derived from non-U.S. sources; the gain from the sale of securities will generally be treated as U.S. source income and certain non-U.S. currency gains and losses likewise will be treated as derived from U.S. sources. This non-U.S. tax credit limitation is, with certain exceptions, applied separately to separate categories of income; dividends from the Fund will be treated as "passive" or "general" income for this purpose. The effect of this limitation may be to prevent shareholders from claiming as a credit the full amount of their pro rata share of the Fund's non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, shareholders will not be eligible to claim a non-U.S. tax credit with respect to non-U.S. income taxes paid by the Fund unless certain holding period requirements are met at both the Fund and the shareholder levels. For purposes of foreign tax credits for U.S. shareholders of the Fund, foreign capital gains taxes may not produce associated foreign source income, limiting the availability of such credits for U.S. persons.

The Fund will make such an election only if it deems it to be in the best interest of its shareholders. A shareholder not subject to U.S. tax may prefer that this election not be made. The Fund will notify shareholders in writing each year if it makes the election and of the amount of non-U.S. income taxes, if any, to be passed through to the shareholders and the amount of non-U.S. taxes, if any, for which shareholders of the Fund will not be eligible to claim a non-U.S. tax credit because the holding period requirements (described above) have not been satisfied.

Shares of the Fund held by a non-U.S. shareholder at death will be considered situated within the United States and subject to the U.S. estate tax.

STATE AND LOCAL TAX MATTERS. Depending on the residence of the shareholders for tax purposes, distributions may also be subject to state and local taxes. Rules of state and local taxation regarding qualified dividend income, ordinary income dividends and capital gains distributions from regulated investment companies and other items may differ from federal income tax rules. Shareholders are urged to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences of these and other state and local tax rules affecting investment in the Fund.

CAPITAL LOSS CARRYFORWARDS. For federal income tax purposes, the Fund had an approximated capital loss carryforward as of October 31, 2025, as shown in the table below, which can be carried forward for an unlimited period. No capital gains distributions are expected to be paid to shareholders until net gains have been realized in excess of such losses.

Capital Loss Carryforward Capital Loss Carryforward Utilized
$58,297,000               $-


DISCLOSURE OF PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS

The Board of each fund in the PGIM Fund complex, including the Fund, has adopted policies and procedures with respect to the disclosure of portfolio securities owned by each fund and to authorize certain arrangements to make available information about portfolio holdings. These policies and procedures are designed to ensure that disclosures of the Fund's portfolio holdings are made consistently with the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws and the fiduciary duties of the Fund and the Fund's adviser. The policy is designed to ensure that disclosures of nonpublic portfolio holdings to selected third parties are made only when the Fund has legitimate business purposes for doing so and the recipients are subject to a duty of confidentiality, including a duty not to trade on the nonpublic information.

The Board has authorized PGIM Investments, as the investment manager of the Fund, to administer these policies and procedures and to enter into confidentiality agreements on behalf of the Fund that provide that all information disclosed shall be treated as confidential and that the recipient will not trade on the nonpublic information. No material, non-public information, including but not limited to portfolio holdings, may be disseminated to third parties except in compliance with these policies and procedures.

The Custodian Bank (Bank of New York Mellon) is authorized to facilitate, under the supervision of PGIM Investments, the release of portfolio holdings.

Regulatory Filings. Portfolio holdings for the Fund will be made public at the time of quarterly public regulatory filings via Forms N-CSR and/or N-PORT unless noted otherwise herein.

Annual and semi-annual reports for the Fund are filed with the SEC on Form N-CSR and transmitted or made available to shareholders within 60 days after the end of the second and fourth fiscal quarters. Annual and semi-annual shareholder reports for the Fund may be accessed at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and at the website for the PGIM Funds (www.pgim.com/investments).

Portfolio holdings for the Fund are filed with the SEC on Form N-PORT. Form N-PORT is filed with the SEC quarterly, and the Fund's full portfolio holdings as of its first and third quarter ends of each fiscal quarter will be made publicly available 60 days after the end of each quarter on www.sec.gov.

Public Disclosures-Fund Holdings and Characteristics. The Fund may post on the PGIM Funds website a detailed list of its portfolio holdings and characteristics derived from the portfolio holdings as of the end of each calendar month approximately 15 days after the end of the month, unless noted otherwise herein.

Any portfolio holdings and characteristics information that is posted to the Fund's website and third-party databases but not contained in regulatory filings may be distributed at or after posting to financial advisors, investment consultants, broker-dealers, registered investment advisers, plan sponsors, shareholders, plan participants, and third-party databases.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 70

Public Disclosures-Other Time Periods. Where the Fund has recently commenced operations or adopted significant changes to its investment policies (a "repositioning"), it may make available in the manner described above the same portfolio holdings and characteristics information, but as of other relevant period-ends besides month-end, with such information made available and posted to the website approximately 15 days after the commencement of the Fund's operations or the date of the repositioning ("Effective Date"), and any portfolio holdings or characteristics information may be distributed after posting to financial advisors, investment consultants, broker-dealers, registered investment advisers, plan sponsors, shareholders, plan participants, and third-party databases. The Fund may release this information until the first quarter-end or the first month-end following the Effective Date, as applicable.

Other than as set forth above, the release of holdings and characteristics information will normally occur 15 days after the end of the month: the release of holdings and characteristics information other than 15 days after the end of the month will be determined based on procedures approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. In addition, when authorized by the Chief Compliance Officer and another officer of the PGIM Funds, portfolio holdings information may be publicly disseminated more frequently or at different periods than as described above.

Public Disclosures-Non-Specific Information . The Fund and/or PGIM Investments may publicly distribute non-specific information about the Fund and/or summary information about the Fund at any time. Such information will not identify any specific portfolio holding, but may reflect, among other things, the quality or character of the Fund's holdings.

Ongoing Nonpublic Disclosure Arrangements. The Fund has entered into ongoing arrangements to make available nonpublic information about its portfolio holdings, subject to the conditions, restrictions and requirements set forth below. Parties receiving this information may include intermediaries that distribute Fund shares, third-party providers of auditing, custody, proxy voting and other services for the Fund, rating and ranking organizations, and certain affiliated persons of the Fund, as described below. The procedures utilized to determine eligibility are set forth below:

All requests from third parties for portfolio holdings shall require the following steps:

?

A request for release of portfolio holdings shall be prepared setting forth a legitimate business purpose for such release which shall specify the Fund(s), the terms of such release, and frequency (e.g., level of detail, staleness). Such request shall address whether there are any conflicts of interest between the Fund and the investment adviser, subadviser, principal underwriter or any affiliated person thereof and how such conflicts shall be dealt with to demonstrate that the disclosure is in the best interest of the shareholders of the Fund(s).

?

The request shall be forwarded to PGIM Investments' Product Management Group and to the Chief Compliance Officer or their delegate for review and approval.

?

A confidentiality agreement in the form approved by the Fund officer must be executed by the recipient of the portfolio holdings.

?

A Fund officer shall approve the release and the agreement. Copies of the release and agreement shall be sent to PGIM Investments' Law Department.

?

Written notification of the approval shall be sent by such officer to PGIM Investments' Fund Administration Group to arrange the release of portfolio holdings.

?

PGIM Investments' Fund Administration Group shall arrange the release by the Custodian Bank.

Requests for disclosure to PGIM Investments or its employees shall follow the procedures noted above other than the execution of a confidentiality agreement.

Set forth below are the authorized ongoing arrangements as of the date of this SAI:

1. Traditional External Recipients/Vendors

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to Institutional Shareholder Services ("ISS"), Broadridge and Glass, Lewis & Co. (proxy voting administrator/agents) at the end of each day;

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to ISS (securities class action claims administrator) at the end of each day;

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to the Fund's subadviser(s), Custodian Bank, sub-custodian (if any) and accounting agents (which includes the Custodian Bank and any other accounting agent that may be appointed) at the end of each day. When the Fund has more than one subadviser, each subadviser receives holdings information only with respect to the "sleeve" or segment of the Fund for which the subadviser has responsibility;

?

Full holdings to the Fund's independent registered public accounting firm as soon as practicable following the Fund's fiscal year-end or on an as-needed basis;

?

Full holdings to the Fund's counsel on an as-needed basis;

?

Full holdings to counsel of the Fund's independent board members on an as-needed basis;

?

Full holdings to financial printers as soon as practicable following the end of the Fund's quarterly, semi-annual and annual period-ends; and

?

Full holdings to the Fund's securities lending agent on a daily basis.

2. Analytical Service Providers

?

All equity trades on a quarterly basis to Abel/Noser Corp. (review of brokerage commissions/best execution) when made available;

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to FactSet Research Systems Inc. (investment research provider) when made available;

?

Full holdings on a quarterly basis to Frank Russell Company (investment research provider) when made available;

?

Full holdings on a monthly basis to Fidelity Advisors (wrap program provider) approximately five days after the end of each month (PGIM Jennison Growth Fund and certain other selected PGIM Funds only);

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to Bloomberg BVAL, ICE, S&P Global, London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) and J.P. Morgan PricingDirect (securities valuation) in real time;

?

All FX trades on a monthly basis to FX Transparency (foreign exchange/transaction analysis) when made available;

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to ICE/Innocap (liquidity calculations) in real time;

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to Innocap (VaR calculations) in real time (for funds that are full derivatives users pursuant to Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act).

?

Full Holdings on a daily basis to ICE (valuation of international securities) in real time (for funds with international holdings (except ETFs));

?

Full holdings on a monthly basis to CAPIS (commission recapture calculations) when made available (Jennison funds only);

?

Full holdings on a daily basis to ACA (trade surveillance and market abuse detection) end of day (Jennison funds only); and

?

Full holdings on a monthly basis to Lincoln International (valuation) in real time.

In each case, the information disclosed must be for a legitimate business purpose and is subject to a confidentiality agreement intended to prohibit the recipient from trading on or further disseminating such information (except for legitimate business purposes).

In addition, certain authorized employees of PGIM Investments receive portfolio holdings information on a quarterly, monthly or daily basis or upon request, in order to perform their business functions. All PGIM Investments employees are subject to the requirements of the personal securities trading policy of Prudential, which prohibits employees from trading on or further disseminating confidential information, including portfolio holdings information.

Also, affiliated shareholders may, subject to execution of a non-disclosure agreement, receive current portfolio holdings for the sole purpose of enabling the Fund to effect the payment of the redemption price to such shareholder in whole or in part by a distribution in kind of securities from the investment portfolio of the Fund, in lieu of cash, in conformity with the rules of the SEC and procedures adopted by the Board. For more information regarding the payment of the redemption price by a distribution in kind of securities from the investment portfolio of the Fund, see "Purchase, Redemption and Pricing of Fund Shares-Redemption in Kind" in the SAI.

In addition, the Fund provides an industry trade group, subject to a confidentiality agreement, with data from the Fund's N-PORT filing with the SEC on a quarterly basis. Such data is aggregated with other industry participants and made anonymous for the purposes of research strictly for public policy and advocacy efforts for investment companies, the markets and investors.

PGIM Investments' Law and Compliance Departments shall review the arrangements with each recipient on an annual basis. The Board shall, on a quarterly basis be advised of any revisions to the list of recipients of portfolio holdings and the reason for such disclosure. These policies and procedures will be reviewed for adequacy and effectiveness in connection with the Fund's compliance program under Rule 38a-1 under the 1940 Act.

A listing of the parties who will receive portfolio holdings pursuant to these procedures is maintained by PGIM Investments Compliance.

There can be no assurance that the policies and procedures on portfolio holdings information will protect the Fund from the potential misuse of such information by individuals or entities that come into possession of the information.

PROXY VOTING

The Board has delegated to the Manager the responsibility for voting any proxies and maintaining proxy recordkeeping with respect to the Fund. The Manager is authorized by the Fund to delegate, in whole or in part, its proxy voting authority to the subadviser(s) or third party vendors consistent with the policies set forth below. The proxy voting process shall remain subject to the supervision of the Board, including any committee thereof established for that purpose.

The Manager and the Board view the proxy voting process as a component of the investment process and, as such, seek to ensure that all proxy proposals are voted with the primary goal of seeking the optimal benefit for the Fund. Consistent with this goal, the Board views the proxy voting process as a means to encourage strong corporate governance practices and ethical conduct by corporate management. The Manager and the Board maintain a policy of seeking to protect the best interests of the Fund should a proxy issue potentially implicate a conflict of interest between the Fund and the Manager or its affiliates.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 72

The Manager delegates to the Fund's subadviser(s) the responsibility for voting proxies. The subadviser is expected to identify and seek to obtain the optimal benefit for the Fund, and to adopt written policies that meet certain minimum standards, including that the policies be reasonably designed to protect the best interests of the Fund and delineate procedures to be followed when a proxy vote presents a conflict between the interests of the Fund and the interests of the subadviser or its affiliates. The Manager and the Board expect that the subadviser will notify the Manager and Board at least annually of any such conflicts identified and confirm how the issue was resolved. In addition, the Manager expects that the subadviser will deliver to the Manager, or its appointed vendor, information required for filing the Form N-PX with the SEC. Information regarding how the Fund voted proxies relating to its portfolio securities during the most recent twelve-month period ending June 30 is available without charge on the Fund's website at www.pgim.com/investments and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

A summary of the proxy voting policies of the subadviser(s) is set forth in its respective Appendix to this SAI.

CODES OF ETHICS

The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics. In addition, the Manager, subadviser(s) and Distributor have each adopted a Code of Ethics. The Codes of Ethics apply to access persons (generally, persons who have access to information about the Fund's investment program) and permit personnel subject to the Codes of Ethics to invest in securities, including securities that may be purchased or held by the Fund. However, the protective provisions of the Codes of Ethics prohibit certain investments and limit such personnel from making investments during periods when the Fund is making such investments. The Codes of Ethics are on public file with, and are available from, the SEC.

APPENDIX I: PROXY VOTING POLICIES OF THE SUBADVISER

PGIM, INC.

The policy of each of PGIM's asset management units is to vote proxies in the best interests of their respective clients based on the clients' priorities. Client interests are placed ahead of any potential interest of PGIM or its asset management units.

Because the various asset management units manage distinct classes of assets with differing management styles, some units will consider each proxy on its individual merits while other units may adopt a pre?determined set of voting guidelines. The specific voting approach of each unit is noted below.

Relevant members of management and regulatory personnel oversee the proxy voting process and monitor potential conflicts of interest. In addition, should the need arise, senior members of management, as advised by Compliance and Law, are authorized to address any proxy matter involving an actual or apparent conflict of interest that cannot be resolved at the level of an individual asset management business unit.

VOTING APPROACH OF PGIM ASSET MANAGEMENT UNITS

PGIM Fixed Income. PGIM Fixed Income is a business unit of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income's policy is to vote proxies in the best interests of its clients. In the case of pooled accounts, the policy is to vote proxies in the best interests of the pooled account. The proxy voting policy contains detailed voting guidelines on a wide variety of issues commonly voted upon by shareholders. These guidelines reflect PGIM Fixed Income's judgment of how to further the best interests of its clients through the shareholder or debt-holder voting process.

PGIM Fixed Income invests primarily in debt securities, thus there are few traditional proxies voted by it. PGIM Fixed Income generally votes with management on routine matters such as the appointment of accountants or the election of directors. From time to time, ballot issues arise that are not addressed by the policy or circumstances may suggest a vote not in accordance with the established guidelines. In these cases, voting decisions are made on a case-by-case basis by the applicable portfolio manager taking into consideration the potential economic impact of the proposal. Not all ballots are received by PGIM Fixed Income in advance of voting deadlines, but when ballots are received in a timely fashion, PGIM Fixed Income strives to meet its voting obligations. It cannot, however, guarantee that every proxy will be voted prior to its deadline.

With respect to non-U.S. holdings, PGIM Fixed Income takes into account additional restrictions in some countries that might impair its ability to trade those securities or have other potentially adverse economic consequences. PGIM Fixed Income generally votes non-U.S. securities on a best efforts basis if it determines that voting is in the best interests of its clients.

Occasionally, a conflict of interest may arise in connection with proxy voting. For example, the issuer of the securities being voted may also be a client of PGIM Fixed Income. When PGIM Fixed Income identifies an actual or potential material conflict of interest between the firm and its clients with respect to proxy voting, the matter is presented to senior management who will resolve such issue in consultation with the compliance and legal departments. Proxy voting is reviewed by the trade management oversight committee.

Any client may obtain a copy of PGIM Fixed Income's proxy voting policy, guidelines and procedures, as well as the proxy voting records for that client's securities, by contacting the account management representative responsible for the client's account.

PGIM Real Estate. PGIM Real Estate is a business unit of PGIM. PGIM Real Estate's proxy voting policy contains detailed voting guidelines on a wide variety of issues commonly voted upon by shareholders. These guidelines reflect PGIM Real Estate's judgment of how to further the best long-range economic interest of our clients (i.e., the mutual interest of clients in seeing the appreciation in value of a common investment over time) through the shareholder voting process. PGIM Real Estate's policy is generally to vote proxies on social or political issues on a case by case basis. Additionally, where issues are not addressed by our policy, or when circumstances suggest a vote not in accordance with our established guidelines, voting decisions are made on a case-by-case basis taking into consideration the potential economic impact of the proposal. With respect to international holdings, we take into account additional restrictions in some countries that might impair our ability to trade those securities or have other potentially adverse economic consequences, and generally vote foreign securities on a best efforts basis in accordance with the recommendations of the issuer's management if we determine that voting is in the best economic interest of our clients.

PGIM Real Estate utilizes the services of a third party proxy voting facilitator, and upon receipt of proxies will direct the voting facilitator to vote in a manner consistent with PGIM Real Estate's established proxy voting guidelines described above (assuming timely receipt of proxy materials from issuers and custodians). In accordance with its obligations under the Advisers Act, PGIM Real Estate provides full disclosure of its proxy voting policy, guidelines and procedures to its clients upon their request, and will also provide to any client, upon request, the proxy voting records for that client's securities.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 74

APPENDIX II: DESCRIPTIONS OF SECURITY RATINGS

MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. ("MOODY'S")

Global Long Term Ratings

Aaa: Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk.

Aa: Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk.

A: Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.

Baa: Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.

Ba: Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk.

B: Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk.

Caa: Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk.

Ca: Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of recovery of principal and interest.

C: Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal or interest.

Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a '(hyb)' indicator is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms.*

*By their terms, hybrid securities allow for the omission of scheduled dividends, interest, or principal payments, which can potentially result in impairment if such an omission occurs. Hybrid securities may also be subject to contractually allowable write-downs of principal that could result in impairment. Together with the hybrid security indicator, the long-term obligation rating assigned to a hybrid security is an expression of the relative credit risk associated with that security.

Global Short-Term Ratings

P-1: Ratings of Prime-1 reflect a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations.

P-2: Ratings of Prime-2 reflect a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations.

P-3: Ratings of Prime-3 reflect an acceptable ability to repay short-term obligations.

NP: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated Not Prime do not fall within any of the Prime rating categories.

Short-Term Municipal Ratings

MIG 1: This designation denotes superior credit quality. Excellent protection is afforded by established cash flows, highly reliable liquidity support, or demonstrated broad-based access to the market for refinancing.

MIG 2: This designation denotes strong credit quality. Margins of protection are ample, although not as large as in the preceding group.

MIG 3: This designation denotes acceptable credit quality. Liquidity and cash-flow protection may be narrow, and market access for refinancing is likely to be less well-established.

SG: This designation denotes speculative-grade credit quality. Debt instruments in this category may lack sufficient margins of protection.

S&P Global Ratings ("S&P")

Long-Term Issue Credit Ratings*

AAA: An obligation rated 'AAA' has the highest rating assigned by S&P. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is extremely strong.

AA: An obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong.

A: An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong.

BBB: An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

BB, B, CCC, CC, and C: Obligations rated 'BB', 'B', 'CCC', 'CC', and 'C' are regarded as having significant speculative characteristics. 'BB' indicates the least degree of speculation and 'C' the highest. While such obligations will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposure to adverse conditions.

BB: An obligation rated 'BB' is less vulnerable to nonpayment than other speculative issues. However, it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions which could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

B: An obligation rated 'B' is more vulnerable to nonpayment than obligations rated 'BB', but the obligor currently has the capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic conditions will likely impair the obligor's capacity or willingness to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

CCC: An obligation rated CCC is currently vulnerable to nonpayment, and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. In the event of adverse business, financial, or economic conditions, the obligor is not likely to have the capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

CC: An obligation rated 'CC' is currently highly vulnerable to nonpayment. The 'CC' rating is used when a default has not yet occurred but S&P expects default to be a virtual certainty, regardless of the anticipated time to default.

C: An obligation rated 'C' is currently highly vulnerable to nonpayment, and the obligation is expected to have lower relative seniority or lower ultimate recovery compared with obligations that are rated higher.

D: An obligation rated 'D' is in default or in breach of an imputed promise. For non-hybrid capital instruments, the 'D' rating category is used when payments on an obligation are not made on the date due, unless S&P believes that such payments will be made within the next five business days in the absence of a stated grace period or within the earlier of the stated grace period or the next 30 calendar days. The 'D' rating also will be used upon the filing of a bankruptcy petition or the taking of similar action and where default on an obligation is a virtual certainty, for example due to automatic stay provisions. A rating on an obligation is lowered to 'D' if it is subject to a distressed debt restructuring.

*Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories.

Short-Term Issue Credit Ratings

A-1: A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' is rated in the highest category by S&P. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on these obligations is extremely strong.

A-2: A short-term obligation rated 'A-2' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rating categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is satisfactory.

A-3: A short-term obligation rated 'A-3' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken an obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 76

B: A short-term obligation rated 'B' is regarded as vulnerable and has significant speculative characteristics. The obligor currently has the capacity to meet its financial commitments; however, it faces major ongoing uncertainties that could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments.

C: A short-term obligation rated 'C' is currently vulnerable to nonpayment and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.

D: A short-term obligation rated 'D' is in default or in breach of an imputed promise. For non-hybrid capital instruments, the 'D' rating category is used when payments on an obligation are not made on the date due, unless S&P believes that such payments will be made within any stated grace period. However, any stated grace period longer than five business days will be treated as five business days. The 'D' rating also will be used upon the filing of a bankruptcy petition or the taking of a similar action and where default on an obligation is a virtual certainty, for example due to automatic stay provisions. A rating on an obligation is lowered to 'D' if it is subject to a distressed debt restructuring.

Municipal Short-Term Note Ratings

An S&P U.S. municipal note rating reflects S&P's opinion about the liquidity factors and market access risks unique to the notes. Notes due in three years or less will likely receive a note rating. Notes with an original maturity of more than three years will most likely receive a long-term debt rating. In determining the type of rating if any, to assign, S&P's analysis will review the following considerations.

? Amortization schedule-the larger the final maturity relative to other maturities, the more likely it will be treated as a note; and

? Source of payment-the more dependent the issue is on the market for its refinancing, the more likely it will be treated as a note.

Note rating symbols are as follows:

SP-1: Strong capacity to pay principal and interest. An issue determined to possess a very strong capacity to pay debt service is given a plus (+) designation.

SP-2: Satisfactory capacity to pay principal and interest, with some vulnerability to adverse financial and economic changes over the term of the notes.

SP-3: Speculative capacity to pay principal and interest.

D: ' D' is assigned upon failure to pay the note when due, completion of a distressed debt restructuring, or the filing of a bankruptcy petition or the taking of similar action and where default on an obligation is a virtual certainty, for example due to automatic stay provisions.

FITCH RATINGS LTD. ("Fitch")

Issuer Default Ratings

AAA: Highest Credit Quality. 'AAA' ratings denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They are assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by foreseeable events.

AA: Very High Credit Quality. 'AA' ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events.

A: High Credit Quality. 'A' ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.

BBB: Good Credit Quality. 'BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.

BB: Speculative. 'BB' ratings indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists that supports the servicing of financial commitments.

B: Highly Speculative. 'B' ratings indicate that material default risk is present, but a limited margin of safety remains. Financial commitments are currently being met; however, capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the business and economic environment.

CCC: Substantial Credit Risk. Very low margin for safety. Default is a real possibility.

CC: Very High Levels of Credit Risk. Default of some kind appears probable.

C: Near Default. A default or default-like process has begun, or for a closed funding vehicle, payment capacity is irrevocably impaired. Conditions that are indicative of a 'C' category rating for an issuer include:

?

The issuer has entered into a grace or cure period following non-payment of a material financial obligation;

?

The formal announcement by the issuer or their agent of a distressed debt exchange; and

?

A closed financing vehicle where payment capacity is irrevocably impaired such that it is not expected to pay interest and/or principal in full during the life of the transaction, but where no payment default is imminent.

RD: Restricted default. 'RD' ratings indicate an issuer that in Fitch's opinion has experienced:

?

An uncured payment default or distressed debt exchange on a bond, loan or other material financial obligation, but

?

Has not entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, receivership, liquidation, or other formal winding-up procedure, and

?

Has not otherwise ceased operating.

This would include:

-

The selective payment default on a specific class or currency of debt;

-

The uncured expiry of any applicable original grace period, cure period or default forbearance period following a payment default on a bank loan, capital markets security or other material financial obligation.

D: Default. 'D' ratings indicate an issuer that in Fitch's opinion has entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-up procedure, or that has otherwise ceased business and debt is still outstanding.

Default ratings are not assigned prospectively to entities or their obligations; within this context, non-payment on an instrument that contains a deferral feature or grace period will generally not be considered a default until after the expiration of the deferral or grace period, unless a default is otherwise driven by bankruptcy or other similar circumstance, or by a distressed debt exchange.

In all cases, the assignment of a default rating reflects the agency's opinion as to the most appropriate rating category consistent with the rest of its universe of ratings and may differ from the definition of default under the terms of an issuer's financial obligations or local commercial practice.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund 78

Short-Term Ratings Assigned to Issuers and Obligations

F1: Highest Short-Term Credit Quality. Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments; may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong credit feature.

F2: Good Short-Term Credit Quality. Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments.

F3: Fair Short-Term Credit Quality. The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments is adequate.

B: Speculative Short-Term Credit Quality. Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near term adverse changes in financial and economic conditions.

C: High Short-Term Default Risk. Default is a real possibility.

RD: Restricted Default. Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or more of its financial commitments, although it continues to meet other financial obligations. Typically applicable to entity ratings only .

D: Default. Indicates a broad based default event for an entity, or the default of a short-term obligation.

Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. For example, the rating category 'AA' has three notch-specific rating levels ('AA+'; 'AA'; 'AA-'; each a rating level). Such suffixes are not added to 'AAA' ratings and ratings below the 'CCC' category. For the short-term rating category of 'F1', a "+" may be appended.

PART C

OTHER INFORMATION

Item 28. Exhibits.

Exhibit No.

Description

(a)(1)

Agreement and Declaration of Trust. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registration Statement on Form

N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on December 19, 1997.

(2)

First Amendment to Agreement and Declaration of Trust. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (1)(b) to Pre-Effective

Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on March 9, 1998.

(3)

Certificate of Trust. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(3) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 28, 1999.

(4)

First Amendment to the Certificate of Trust. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(4) to Post-Effective Amendment

No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 28, 1999.

(5)

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Trust effective June 30, 2003. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) filed on May 28, 2004.

(6)

Certificate of Amendment dated May 27, 2005. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 27, 2005.

(7)

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust dated January 3, 2007. Incorporated by reference to corresponding

exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed

on June 1, 2007.

(8)

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust dated February 3, 2010. Incorporated by reference to corresponding

exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed

on March 15, 2010.

(9)

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust dated September 17, 2010. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) filed on September 30, 2010.

(b)

By-Laws, as amended November 16, 2004. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 27, 2005.

(c)

Instruments defining rights of shareholders. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on

Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on December 19, 1997.

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund

(d)(1)(i)

Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated February 18, 1988 between the Registrant and Prudential

Investments Fund Management LLC (now known as PGIM Investments LLC). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit

(d)(1) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on

May 30, 2001.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM Global Real Estate Fund. Filed herewith .

C-1

Exhibit No.

Description

(2)(i)

Subadvisory Agreement dated January 19, 2007 between Prudential Investments LLC (now known as PGIM

Investments LLC) and Prudential  Investment Management, Inc. (now known as PGIM, Inc.), for Prudential Real

Estate Investors (now known as PGIM Real Estate) on behalf of Dryden Global Real Estate Fund (now known as

PGIM Global Real Estate Fund). Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment

No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on June 1, 2007.

(ii)

Subadvisory Fee Reduction between Prudential Investments LLC (now known as PGIM Investments LLC) and

Prudential  Investment Management, Inc. (now known as PGIM, Inc.) with respect to the Dryden Global Real Estate

Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on June 1, 2007.

(iii)

Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement dated December 12, 2018 between PGIM Investments LLC, PGIM,

Inc. and PGIM Limited for PGIM Global Real Estate Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 63 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on

January 29, 2019.

(iv)

Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement dated March 30, 2020 between PGIM Investments LLC, PGIM, Inc.

and PGIM Fund Management Limited with respect to PGIM Global Real Estate Fund. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment no. 78 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) Filed on December 28, 2021.

PGIM US Real Estate Fund

(d)(3)(i)

Amended to Management Agreement dated October 1, 2015, between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC

for PGIM US Real Estate Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No.

40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 26, 2016.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM US Real Estate Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 29, 2025 .

(4)(i)

Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement dated December 12, 2018, between PGIM Investments LLC and

PGIM, Inc. and PGIM Limited for PGIM US Real Estate Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 65 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

29, 2019.

(ii)

Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement dated March 31, 2020 between PGIM Investments LLC and PGIM,

Inc. and PGIM Fund Management Limited (now known as PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited) for PGIM US Real Estate

Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 75 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 27, 2021.

PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund

(d)(5)(i)

Management Agreement dated May 23, 2014, between the Registrant and Prudential Investments LLC (now known

as PGIM Investments LLC) for Prudential Short Duration Muni High Income Fund (now known as PGIM Short

Duration Muni Fund). Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to

the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 28, 2014.

(ii)

Amendment to Management Agreement dated April 1, 2020, between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC for

PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment

No. 71 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 28, 2020.

C-2

Exhibit No.

Description

(iii)

Management fee waiver for certain PGIM Fixed Income Funds dated April 19, 2021, including the Registrant's PGIM

Short Duration Muni Fund. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(3) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 88 to the

registrant statement for Prudential  Investment Portfolios, Inc. 14 on Form N-1A filed via Edgar on April 28, 2021

(File No. 002-82976).

(iv)

Expense cap for PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

29, 2025 .

(6)(i)

Subadvisory Agreement dated May 23, 2014, between Prudential Investments LLC (now known as PGIM

Investments LLC) and Prudential  Investment Management, Inc. (now known as PGIM, Inc.) for Prudential Short

Duration Muni High Income Fund (now known as PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund). Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) filed on May 28, 2014.

(ii)

Amendment to Subadvisory Agreement dated April 1, 2020, between PGIM Investments LLC and PGIM, Inc. for

PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment

No. 71 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 28, 2020.

(iii)

PGIM Fixed Income Subadvisory fee waiver for certain PGIM Fixed Income Funds dated April 19, 2021, including

the Registrant's PGIM Short Duration Muni Fund. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(6) to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 88 to the registrant statement for Prudential  Investment Portfolios, Inc. 14 on Form N-1A filed via

Edgar on April 28, 2021 (File No. 002-82977).

PGIM Jennison Technology Fund

(d)(7)(i)

Management Agreement May 15, 2018 between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC for PGIM Jennison

Technology Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 59 to the

Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on June 19, 2018.

(ii)

Expense cap for PGIM Jennison Technology Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post

Effective Amendment No.88 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on February 13,

2025.

(8)

Subadvisory Agreement dated May 15, 2018 between PGIM Investments LLC and Jennison Associates LLC for

PGIM Jennison Technology Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment

no. 59 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on June 19, 2018.

PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund

(d)(9)(i)

Management Agreement dated September 1, 2021 between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC with respect

to PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment no. 77 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) Filed on

September 13, 2021.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post Effective Amendment No. 88 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) filed on February 13, 2025 .

C-3

Exhibit No.

Description

(10)

Subadvisory Agreement September 1, 2021 between PGIM Investments LLC and Jennison Associates LLC with

respect to PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding

exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment no. 77 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) Filed

on September 13, 2021.

PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund

(d)(11)(i)

Management Agreement dated September 1, 2021 between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC with respect

to PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding

exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment no. 77 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) Filed

on September 13, 2021.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post Effective Amendment No. 88 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) filed on February 13, 2025 .

(12)

Subadvisory Agreement dated September 1, 2021 between PGIM Investments LLC and Jennison Associates LLC

with respect to PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment no. 77 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No.

333-42705) Filed on September 13, 2021.

PGIM Conservative Retirement Spending Fund

(d)(13)(i)

Management Agreement dated April 1, 2004 between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC with respect to

PGIM Conservative Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April 2, 2024.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM Conservative Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit

to Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

29, 2025 .

(14)

Subadvisory Agreement dated April 1, 2024 between PGIM Investments LLC and PGIM DC Solutions LLC with

respect to PGIM Conservative Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April

2, 2024.

PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund

(d)(15)(i)

Management Agreement dated April 1, 2024 between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC with respect to

PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April 2, 2024.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

29, 2025.

(16)

Subadvisory Agreement dated April 1, 2024between PGIM Investments LLC and PGIM DC Solutions LLC with

respect to PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April

2, 2024.

PGIM Enhanced Retirement Spending Fund

C-4

Exhibit No.

Description

(d)(17)(i)

Management Agreement dated April 1, 2024 between the Registrant and PGIM Investments LLC with respect to

PGIM Enhanced Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective

Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April 2, 2024.

(ii)

Expense Cap for PGIM Enhanced Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

29, 2025 .

(18)

Subadvisory Agreement dated April 1, 2024 between PGIM Investments LLC and PGIM DC Solutions LLC with

respect to PGIM Enhanced Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April

2, 2024.

(e)(1)

Second Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement dated September 22, 2016 between Prudential Investments

Mutual Funds and the Target Mutual Funds, and Prudential  Investment Management Services LLC (PIMS).

Incorporated by reference to Prudential  Investment Portfolios 5. Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the

Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 811-09439) filed via EDGAR on September 23, 2016.

(2)

Form of Selected Dealer Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e)(2) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1

to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on March 23, 1999.

(g)(1)

Custodian Services Agreement dated July 1, 2005 between the Registrant and PFPC Trust Company (PFPC) dated

July 1, 2005. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the

Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 31, 2006 .

(2)(i)

Custody Agreement dated November 7, 2002 between the Registrant and the Bank of New York (BNY).

Incorporated by reference to the Dryden-Tax-Managed Funds Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-66895) filed on December 30, 2005.

(ii)

Amendment dated December 5, 2025 to Custody Agreement dated November 7 between the Registrant and BNY.

Filed herewith .

(h)(1)(i)

Amended and Restated Transfer Agency and Service Agreement dated May 29, 2007 between the Registrant and

Prudential Mutual Fund Services, LLC (PMFS). Incorporated by reference to the Dryden Municipal Bond Fund

Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A filed via EDGAR on June 29, 2007

(File No. 33-10649).

(ii)

Amendment dated December 5, 2025, to Amended and Restated Transfer Agency and Service Agreement dated

May 29, 2007. Filed herewith .

(2)(i)

Fund Administration and Accounting Agreement dated February 3, 2006 between each fund listed on Appendix A

thereto and the Bank of New York Mellon. Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to

Registration Statement for Prudential  Investment Portfolios, Inc. 14 on Form N-1A (File No. 002-82976) filed via

EDGAR on April 27, 2022.

(ii)

Amendment dated July 1, 2025, to the Fund Administration and Accounting Services Agreement, dated February 3,

2006, among the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon (as assigned from BNY Mellon Investment Servicing

(US) Inc. f/k/a PFPC Inc.). Filed herewith .

(3)

Rule 12d1-4 Fund of Funds  Investment Agreement dated April 1, 2024, between Prudential  Investment Portfolios

12 and the Vanguard Funds. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No.

85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April 2, 2024.

C-5

Exhibit No.

Description

(i)(1)

Opinion and consent of counsel. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (i) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the

Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 30, 2001.

(2)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities being registered.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (i)(2) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on

Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 30, 2008.

(3)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities being registered for

Prudential US Real Estate Fund (now known as PGIM US Real Estate). Incorporated by reference to corresponding

exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed

on September 30, 2010.

(4)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities being registered.

Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on August 16, 2013.

(5)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities being registered for

Prudential Short Duration Muni High Income Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

28, 2014.

(6)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities (Class R2 and R4

shares) of Prudential Global Real Estate Fund (now known as PGIM Global Real Estate) being registered.

Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 53 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on December 27, 2017.

(7)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities being registered for

PGIM Jennison Technology Fund being registered. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment no. 59 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on June

19, 2018.

(8)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as to the legality of the securities being registered for

PGIM Jennison NextGeneration Global Opportunities Fund and PGIM Jennison International Small-Mid Cap

Opportunities Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment no. 77 to the

Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) Filed on September 13, 2021 .

(9)

Opinion and consent of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell LLP as the legality of the securities being registered PGIM

Conservative Retirement Spending Fund, PGIM Moderate Retirement Spending Fund and PGIM Enhanced

Retirement Spending Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 85

to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on April 2, 2024.

(j)

Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. Filed herewith .

(k)

Not applicable.

(l)

Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 13 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on March 9, 1998.

(m)(1)

Amended and Restated Distribution and Service Plan dated October 28, 2025 for Class A shares. Incorporated by

reference to exhibit (m)(1) to (Post-Effective Amendment No. 55 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A for

Prudential Jennison Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc. (File No. 811-07811) filed via EDGAR on October 29, 2025.

C-6

Exhibit No.

Description

(2)

Amended and Restated Distribution and Service Plan dated October 28, 2025 for Class C shares. Incorporated by

reference to exhibit (m)(2) to (Post-Effective Amendment No. 55 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A for

Prudential Jennison Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc. (File No. 811-07811) filed via EDGAR on October 29, 2025 .

(3)

Amended and Restated Distribution and Service Plan dated October 15, 2025 for Class R shares. Incorporated by

reference to exhibit (m)(3)to (Post-Effective Amendment No. 55 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A for

Prudential Jennison Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc. (File No. 811-07811) filed via EDGAR on October 29, 2025 .

(4)

Rule 12b-1 Distribution Plan for Class R2 Shares. Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 73 to

the Registration Statement on Form N-1A for Prudential  Investment Portfolios 5, filed via EDGAR on December 3,

2024 (File No. 333-82621).

(5)

Shareholder Services Plan dated September 14, 2017 for Class R1, Class R2, Class R3 and Class R4 Shares.

Incorporated by reference to exhibit (m)(5)(1) to (Post-Effective Amendment No. 55 to the Registration Statement on

Form N-1A for Prudential Jennison Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc. (File No. 811-07811) filed via EDGAR on October

29, 2025.

(6)

Rule 12b-1 Fee Waiver for Class A shares of PGIM US Real Estate Fund. Incorporated by reference to corresponding

exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed

on May 29, 2025.

(7)

Rule 12b-1 Fee Waiver for Class R shares of PGIM Global Real Estate Fund. Filed herewith .

(8)

Rule 12b-1 Fee Waiver for Class A shares for PGIM Jennison Technology Fund. Incorporated by reference to

corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 88 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File

No.333-42705) filed on February 13, 2025 .

(n)

Amended and Restated Rule 18f-3 Plan dated May 1, 2023. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to

Post-Effective Amendment No. 82 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May

25, 2023.

(o)

Power of Attorney dated December 4, 2025.

(p)(1)

Code of Ethics of Registrant. Filed as an exhibit to Prudential Investments Portfolios, Inc. 14 Post-Effective

Amendment No. 91 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (file No. 002-82976), which was filed via EDGAR

on April 26, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference.

(2)

Code of Ethics, Information Barrier Standards, Personal Securities Trading Standards and Global Insider Trading

Policy of PGIM Investments LLC and AST  Investment Services, Inc. dated January 2025. Filed as an exhibit to

Prudential Investments Portfolios 2 Post-Effective Amendment No. 58 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A

(file No. 811-09999), which was filed via EDGAR on March 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference .

(3)

 Investment Adviser Code of Ethics, Information Barrier Standards, Personal Securities Trading Policy, and Global

Insider Trading Policy of PGIM Fixed Income, PGIM Limited, PGIM Real Estate and PGIM Real Estate (U.K.), each a

business unit of PGIM, Inc. Filed as an exhibit to Prudential Investments Portfolios 3 Post-Effective Amendment No.

111 to the Registration Statement on Form N-1A (file No. 333-95849), which was filed via EDGAR on April 28,

2025, and is incorporated herein by reference.

(4)

Code of Ethics and Personal Trading Policy and Procedures of Jennison Associates LLC dated December, 2024.

Filed as an exhibit to Prudential Investments Portfolios 3 Post-Effective Amendment No. 111 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (file No. 333-95849), which was filed via EDGAR on April 28, 2025, and is incorporated

herein by reference .

C-7

Exhibit No.

Description

(5)

 Investment Adviser Code of Ethics and Personal Securities Trading Policy for PGIM DC Solutions LLC dated January

2025. Incorporated by reference to corresponding exhibit to Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration

Statement on Form N-1A (File No. 333-42705) filed on May 29, 2025 .

Item 29. Persons Controlled by or under Common Control with the Registrant.

None.

Item 30. Indemnification.

Subject to the limitations of Section 17(h) and (i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act) and pursuant to Del. Code Ann. Title 12 sec. 3817, a Delaware business trust may provide in its governing instrument for the indemnification of its officers and trustees from and against any and all claims and demands. Article VII, Section 2 of the Agreement and Declaration of Trust states that (1) the Registrant shall indemnify any present trustee or officer to the fullest extent permitted by law against liability, and all expenses reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any claim, action, suit or proceeding in which he or she is involved by virtue of his or her service as a trustee, officer or both, and against any amount incurred in settlement thereof and (2) all persons extending credit to, contracting with or having any claim against Registrant shall look only to the assets of the appropriate Series (or if no Series has yet been established, only to the assets of the Registrant). In addition, Article XI of Registrant's By-Laws provides that any trustee, officer, employee or other agent of the Registrant shall be indemnified by Registrant against all liabilities and expenses subject to certain limitations and exceptions contained in Article XI of the By-Laws. Indemnification will not be provided to a person adjudged by a court or other adjudicatory body to be liable to the Registrant or its shareholders by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of his or her duties (collectively "disabling conduct"). In the event of a settlement, no indemnification may be provided unless there has been a determination, as specified in the Declaration of Trust, that the officer did not engage in disabling conduct. As permitted by Section 17(i) of the 1940 Act, pursuant to Section 10 of the Distribution Agreement, the Distributor of the Registrant may be indemnified against liabilities which it may incur, except liabilities arising from bad faith, gross negligence, willful misfeasance or reckless disregard of duties.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act) may be permitted to Trustees, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission) such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the 1940 Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a Trustee, officer, or controlling person of the Registrant in connection with the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted against the Registrant by such Trustee, officer or controlling person in connection with the shares being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the 1940 Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

The Registrant has purchased an insurance policy insuring its officers and Trustees against liabilities, and certain costs of defending claims against such officers and Trustees, to the extent such officers and Trustees are not found to have committed conduct constituting willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties. The insurance policy also insures the Registrant against the cost of indemnification payments to officers and Trustees under certain circumstances.

C-8

Section 8 of the Management Agreements and Section 4 of the Subadvisory Agreements limit the liability of PGIM Investments LLC, PGIM, Inc., Jennison Associates LLC, and PGIM DC Solutions LLC respectively, to liabilities arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or from reckless disregard by them of their respective obligations and duties under the agreements.

Item 31. Business and other Connections of the Investment Adviser.

PGIM Investments LLC ("PGIM Investments")

See the Prospectus constituting Part A of this Registration Statement and "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) constituting Part B of this Registration Statement.

The business profession, vocation or employment of a substantial nature engaged in by the officers and directors of PGIM Investments during the past two years are listed in Schedules A and D of Form ADV of PGIM Investments as currently on file with the Commission (File No. 801-31104), the text of which is hereby incorporated by reference.

PGIM, Inc. ("PGIM")

See the Prospectus constituting Part A of this Registration Statement and "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the SAI constituting Part B of this Registration Statement.

The profession, vocation or employment of a substantial nature engaged in by the officers and directors of PGIM, Inc. during the past two years are included in Schedule A and D of Form ADV filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File No. 801-22808), as most recently amended, the text of which is hereby incorporated by reference.

PGIM Real Estate

See the Prospectus constituting Part A of the Registration Statement and "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the SAI constituting Part B of this Registration Statement.

The business and other connections of the directors and executive officers of PGIM Real Estate (which is a unit of PGIM, Inc.) are included in Schedule A and D of Form ADV filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File No. 801-22808), as most recently amended, the text of which is hereby incorporated reference.

PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited

See the Prospectus constituting Part A of the Registration Statement and "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the SAI constituting Part B of this Registration Statement.

The business and other connections of the directors and executive officers of PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited (which is a unit of PGIM, Inc.) are included in Schedule A and D of Form ADV filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (File No. 801-79872), the text of which is hereby incorporated reference.

Jennison Associates LLC (Jennison)

See the Prospectus constituting a portion of Part A of this Registration Statement and "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the SAI.

The business, profession, vocation or employment of a substantial nature engaged in by the officers and directors of Jennison during the past two years is included in its Form ADV filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (801-5608), the relevant text of which is incorporated herein by reference.

PGIM DC Solutions LLC

C-9

See the Prospectus constituting Part A of this Registration Statement and "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the SAI.

The business, profession, vocation or employment of a substantial nature engaged in by the officers and directors of PGIM DC Solutions LLC during the past two years is included in its Form ADV as currently on file with the Commission (File No. 801-125785), the relevant text of which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 32. Principal Underwriters.

(a) Prudential Investment Management Services LLC (PIMS) is distributor for PGIM Rock ETF Trust, PGIM Credit Income Fund, PGIM Private Credit Fund, PGIM Private Real Estate Fund, Inc., PGIM ETF Trust, Prudential Government Money Market Fund, Inc., The Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc., Prudential Investment Portfolios 2, Prudential Investment Portfolios 3, Prudential Investment Portfolios Inc. 14, Prudential Investment Portfolios 4, Prudential Investment Portfolios 5, Prudential Investment Portfolios 6, Prudential National Muni Fund, Inc., Prudential Jennison Blend Fund, Inc., Prudential Jennison Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc., Prudential Investment Portfolios 7, Prudential Investment Portfolios 8, Prudential Jennison Small Company Fund, Inc., Prudential Investment Portfolios 9, Prudential World Fund, Inc., Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc. 10, Prudential Jennison Natural Resources Fund, Inc., Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc., Prudential Investment Portfolios 12, Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc. 15, Prudential Investment Portfolios 16, Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc. 17, Prudential Investment Portfolios 18, Prudential Sector Funds, Inc. Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc., The Target Portfolio Trust, and The Prudential Series Fund.

PIMS is also distributor of the following other investment companies: Separate Accounts: Prudential's Gibraltar Fund, Inc. and The Prudential Variable Contract GI-2.

(b) The following table sets forth information regarding certain officers of PIMS. As a limited liability company, PIMS has no directors.

Name and Principal Business Address Positions and Offices with Underwriter                       Positions and Offices with Registrant
Karen Leibowitz (2)                 President and Chief Administrative Officer                   N/A
Scott E. Benjamin (2)               Vice President                                               Board Member andVice President
H. Soo Lee (1)                      Senior Vice President, ChiefLegal Officer and Secretary      N/A
Meredith Henning (2)                Senior Vice President andChief Compliance Officer            N/A
Robert P. Smit (3)                  Senior Vice President, Controllerand Chief Financial Officer N/A
Louis A. Taite (2)                  Senior Vice President andChief Operations Officer            N/A
Frank Papasavas (3)                 Treasurer                                                    N/A
Kelly Florio (4)                    Vice President and Anti-MoneyLaundering Officer              Anti-Money LaunderingCompliance Officer


Principal Business Addresses:

(1)

213 Washington Street, Newark, NJ 07102

(2)

655 Broad Street, Newark, NJ 07102

(3)

751 Broad Street, Newark NJ, 07102

(c) Registrant has no principal underwriter who is not an affiliated person of the Registrant.

Item 33. Location of Accounts and Records.

All accounts, books and other documents required to be maintained by Section 31(a) of the 1940 Act and the Rules thereunder are maintained at the offices of Bank of New York Mellon, 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286, PGIM DC Solutions LLC, 655 Broad Street, 16th Floor, Newark NJ 07102, PGIM, Inc., 655 Broad

C-10

Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102, PGIM Real Estate, 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102, PGIM Real Estate (UK) Limited, Grand Buildings, 1-3 Strand, Trafalgar Square, London WC2N 5HR, Jennison Associates LLC, 744 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10017, the Registrant, 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102, and Prudential Mutual Fund Services LLC (PMFS), 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102.

Documents required by Rules 31a-1(b) (4), (5), (6), (7), (9), (10) and (11) and 31a-1 (d) and (f) will be kept at 655 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102, and the remaining accounts, books and other documents required by such other pertinent provisions of Section 31(a) and the Rules promulgated thereunder will be kept by BNY and PMFS.

Item 34. Management Services.

Other than as set forth under the captions "How the Fund is Managed-Manager" and "How the Fund is Managed-Distributor" in the Prospectus and the caption "Management and Advisory Arrangements" in the SAI, constituting Parts A and B, respectively, of this Registration Statement, Registrant is not a party to any management-related service contract.

Item 35. Undertakings.

Not applicable.

C-11

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for effectiveness of this Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement under Rule 485(b) under the Securities Act and has duly caused this Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized, in the City of Newark, and State of New Jersey, on the 23rd day of December, 2025.

Prudential Investment Portfolios 12
* 
Stuart S. Parker, President


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature                                     Title                                                 Date
*Ellen S. Alberding                           Trustee                                                
*Kevin J. Bannon                              Trustee                                                
*Scott E. Benjamin                            Trustee                                                
*Linda W. Bynoe                               Trustee                                                
*Barry H. Evans                               Trustee                                                
*Keith F. Hartstein                           Trustee                                                
*Laurie Simon Hodrick                         Trustee                                                
*Stuart S. Parker                             Trustee and President, Principal Executive Officer     
*Brian K. Reid                                Trustee                                                
*Grace C. Torres                              Trustee                                                
*Christian J. Kelly                           Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
*Russ Shupak                                  Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer             
*By: /s/ Patrick McGuinnessPatrick McGuinness Attorney-in-Fact                                      December 23, 2025


C-12

POWER OF ATTORNEY

for the PGIM Fund Complex

The undersigned, directors/ trustees and/or officers of each of the registered investment companies listed in Appendix A hereto, hereby authorize Andrew French, Claudia DiGiacomo, Melissa Gonzalez, Patrick McGuinness, Debra Rubano, George Hoyt and Devan Goolsby or any of them, as attorney-in-fact, to sign on his or her behalf in the capacities indicated (and not in such person's personal individual capacity for personal financial or estate planning), the Registration Statement on Form N-1A, filed for such registered investment company or any amendment thereto (including any pre-effective or post-effective amendments) and any and all supplements or other instruments in connection therewith, including Form N-PX, Forms 3, 4 and 5 for or on behalf of each registered investment company listed in Appendix A or any current or future series thereof, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

This Power of Attorney may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but which taken together shall constitute one instrument.

?                                        ?
/s/ Ellen S. AlberdingEllen S. Alberding /s/ Laurie Simon HodrickLaurie Simon Hodrick
/s/ Kevin J. BannonKevin J. Bannon       /s/ Christian J. KellyChristian J. Kelly
/s/ Scott E. BenjaminScott E. Benjamin   /s/ Stuart S. ParkerStuart S. Parker
/s/ Linda W. BynoeLinda W. Bynoe         /s/ Brian K. ReidBrian K. Reid
/s/ Barry H. EvansBarry H. Evans         /s/ Grace C. TorresGrace C. Torres
/s/ Keith F. HartsteinKeith F. Hartstein  
                                          
Dated: December 4, 2025                   


C-13

APPENDIX A

Prudential Government Money Market Fund, Inc.

The Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc.

Prudential Investment Portfolios 2

Prudential Investment Portfolios 3

Prudential Investment Portfolios Inc. 14

Prudential Investment Portfolios 4

Prudential Investment Portfolios 5

Prudential Investment Portfolios 6

Prudential National Muni Fund, Inc.

Prudential Jennison Blend Fund, Inc.

Prudential Jennison Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc.

Prudential Investment Portfolios 7

Prudential Investment Portfolios 8

Prudential Jennison Small Company Fund, Inc.

Prudential Investment Portfolios 9

Prudential World Fund, Inc.

Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc. 10

Prudential Jennison Natural Resources Fund, Inc.

Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc.

Prudential Investment Portfolios 12

Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc. 15

Prudential Investment Portfolios 16

Prudential Investment Portfolios, Inc. 17

Prudential Investment Portfolios 18

Prudential Sector Funds, Inc.

Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc.

The Target Portfolio Trust

PGIM ETF Trust

PGIM Global High Yield Fund, Inc.

PGIM High Yield Bond Fund, Inc

PGIM Short Duration High Yield Opportunities Fund

Ms. Alberding does not serve as a Trustee of the PGIM Short Duration High Yield Opportunities Fund.

Ms. Bynoe and Ms. Hodrick do not serve as Directors of PGIM High Yield Bond Fund, Inc. and PGIM Global High Yield Fund, Inc. or as Trustees of PGIM Short Duration High Yield Opportunities Fund.

C-14

Prudential Investment Portfolios 12

Exhibit Index

Item 28Exhibit No. Description
(d)(1)(ii)         Expense Cap for PGIM Global Real Estate Fund
(g)(2)(ii)         Amendment to Custody Agreement between the Registrant and BNY
(h)(1)(ii)         Amendment to Amended and Restated Transfer Agency and Service Agreement
(h)(2)(ii)         Amendment to Fund Administration and Accounting Services Agreement
(j)                Consent of independent registered public accounting firm
(m)(7)             Rule 12b-1 Fee Waiver for Class R shares for PGIM Global Real Estate Fund


C-15

Disclaimer

Prudential Investment Portfolios 12 published this content on December 23, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 23, 2025 at 20:26 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020251223elcn01qzb




News
How Carney’s travels reveal his priorities

By STEPHANIE LEVITZ, STEVEN CHASE 
Staff 
3,121 words
23 December 2025
The Globe and Mail
GLOB
Ontario
A8
English
©2025 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The Globe and Mail reviewed all of the Prime Minister’s trips since he took office – and what they show about how he governs

Mark Carney became Prime Minister on a promise to reduce Canadian dependence on the increasingly protectionist and unreliable United States under Donald Trump.

“It’s clear the U.S. is no longer a reliable partner,” Mr. Carney said after taking office. “The old relationship” Canada had with the United States, he said, is over.

Significant parts of his travel reflect this, with the theme set right from the top: a trip to Paris, London and Iqaluit just days after he was sworn in as Prime Minster, three stops chosen deliberately to reinforce Canada’s sovereignty as he prepared for an election campaign that was centred around reorienting Canada away from the U.S.

He visited the White House shortly after winning the election and has met Mr. Trump several times since in the U.S. and at meetings elsewhere. Mr. Carney has also attended gatherings of world leaders and visited Ukraine to reinforce his government’s support of the war-torn country.

He went to places such as South Korea and the United Arab Emirates to attempt to bolster trade relationships and drum up investment.

At home, he hosted the G7 leaders in Alberta and met with premiers to discuss the response to the U.S. trade war. He went to hard-hit regions to announce tariff relief, and signed a new energy accord with Alberta.

Fen Hampson, a senior Carleton University professor of international affairs, said Mr. Carney has been a “merchant in a prime minister’s suit” trying to drum up foreign investment and business as the U.S. continually increases trade barriers.

“He is not so much a jet-setter as a trade representative with frequent-flier status who understands that the selling of Canada to the rest of the world – when we are being shut out of our principal market – must be led by the Prime Minister,” Prof. Hampson said.

“Carney’s challenge now is to get the provinces and Canadian business to follow his lead.”

Mr. Carney’s domestic travel – upward of 40 stops – echoed his foreign trips as he sought to rally Canadians to build, develop and invest in the name of economic growth.

The Globe and Mail reviewed a list of everywhere Mr. Carney has gone – at home and abroad – since he was sworn in last March.

“Prime ministers don’t end up anywhere by accident, and in this case, we’re seeing quite deliberate decisions being taken by Mr. Carney’s operations team,” said Marci Surkes, who was executive director of policy and cabinet affairs for Justin Trudeau’s Liberal government and is now managing director of the strategic firm Compass Rose.

As prime minister, Mr. Trudeau would go to child-care centres or community events to feed off the energy of those crowds and illustrate his government’s people-centred policy, Ms. Surkes said.

Mr. Carney instead goes to chambers of commerce and boardrooms.

“That sort of crowd that he finds himself in tells the story, both overtly in terms of his communication with business leaders, but also subliminally that business leadership is where he spends his time and energy,” she said.

But it’s not without domestic politics in mind, Ms. Surkes pointed out. To have a Liberal prime minister go to Calgary and get a standing ovation, as he did for the new energy accord with Alberta, is significant.

“It’s a political flex for a Liberal to show up in downtown Calgary and say this is not necessarily conservative territory only,” she said.

INTERNATIONAL STOPS MARCH 17 – PARIS Mr. Carney made his international debut as Prime Minister in his first foreign trip since taking office March 14, after winning the Liberal Party leadership race. It was the beginning of his effort to deepen security and trade ties with Europe as the U.S. grows unreliable under Mr. Trump. The Prime Minister talked trade and alliances during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron, where both reaffirmed their support for Ukraine.

MARCH 17 – LONDON The second stop on Mr. Carney’s first foreign trip included a meeting with British Prime Minister Keir Starmer at Downing Street and a private audience with King Charles III at Buckingham Palace. The prime ministers talked Canada-U.K. trade, transatlantic security and exploiting technologies such as AI and quantum computing for economic growth.

MAY 5-6 – WASHINGTON Mr. Carney’s first international trip after the Liberals won a minority mandate in the spring also included his first visit to the White House as Prime Minister. It yielded no measurable progress in ending Mr. Trump’s costly trade war, but also avoided any sign of conflict with the mercurial U.S. President.

MAY 16-19 – VATICAN CITY A Catholic, Mr. Carney attended Pope Leo XIV’s inaugural mass at the Vatican. He also held meetings with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni and U.S. Vice-President JD Vance.

JUNE 22-23 – BRUSSELS At a summit with the European Union, Mr. Carney cemented closer defence ties with the EU through a security pact with Brussels: the Strategic Partnership agreement between Canada and the 27-member bloc. It paved the way for Ottawa to join Security Action for Europe, which provides up to $244-billion in loans to EU member states to support large-scale defence projects such as ammunition, missiles, drones, artillery systems and infantry weapons. Canadian companies are free to bid on projects financed by these loans.

JUNE 24-25 – THE HAGUE, NETHERLANDS During a NATO leaders’ summit, Mr. Carney committed Canada to massive military spending hikes, partly in response to fears about Russian expansionism and a rising China. NATO leaders pledged to raise core military spending in each of their countries to 3.5 per cent of gross domestic product – for Canada, its largest increase in military spending in more than 70 years.

AUG. 24 – KYIV For Mr. Carney’s first visit to war-torn Ukraine as Prime Minister, he travelled by train from Poland to stand in solidarity with Mr. Zelensky on the country’s Independence Day.

AUG. 25 – WARSAW Mr. Carney met with Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk, and announced that Canada and Poland were deepening ties on trade, defence and energy security, and investing in key sectors, such as clean energy (including nuclear), critical minerals, aviation, cybersecurity and advanced technologies.

AUG. 26 – BERLIN In Germany, Mr. Carney announced that Canada had shortlisted two companies to compete on a multibillion-dollar contract to build up to 12 new submarines for the Royal Canadian Navy. He then took a helicopter ride north to Kiel for a firsthand look at one of the companies’ manufacturing facilities.

AUG. 27 – RIGA, LATVIA The Prime Minister visited Latvia, the site of Canada’s biggest military deployment, part of Operation Reassurance, to help defend NATO’s eastern flank in the face of Russian aggression. He announced the mission would be extended by another three years.

SEPT. 18-19 – MEXICO CITY In a visit with Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum, Mr. Carney signed a strategic partnership to deepen bilateral trade and investment, against the backdrop of rising U.S. protectionism and the likelihood Donald Trump will soon make major demands to renegotiate the trilateral United States-MexicoCanada Agreement. The visit was intended to signal the end of an era of indifference for the Canada-Mexico relationship.

SEPT. 22-24 – NEW YORK Mr. Carney attended the United Nations General Assembly, where he met with world leaders and also announced Canada would recognize the state of Palestine. The announcement was part of a co-ordinated effort with other Western countries to put pressure on Israel as it waged war in Gaza, and to revive the chances of a two-state solution to the conflict.

SEPT. 25-28 – LONDON Returning to Britain, Mr. Carney attended the leftleaning Global Progress Action Summit. The event is organized by several groups, including the Center for American Progress, which has had influential ties to past Democratic administrations, with notable involvement in shaping policy during the Obama and Biden presidencies. He met again with Mr. Starmer, reaffirming Canada-U.K. ties.

OCT. 6-8 – WASHINGTON Mr. Carney made his second visit to the White House in hopes of a deal to scale back Mr. Trump’s protectionist tariffs, which have hurt Canada’s steel, aluminum, auto and forestry industries, among others. He came away empty-handed despite positive words from Mr. Trump.

OCT. 13 – SHARM EL-SHEIKH, EGYPT The Prime Minister attended the signing of a peace plan to end the Israel-Hamas conflict, which was negotiated with Mr. Trump’s help.

OCT. 25-28 – KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA Kicking off his first Asian trip as Prime Minister, Mr. Carney attended the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit and talked up trade with Canada, as he looked to the region to shift trade away from the U.S.

OCT. 28-29 – SINGAPORE Mr. Carney briefly visited the Asian financial hub and met with executives from sovereign wealth funds, including Government of Singapore Investment Corp. (GIC).

OCT. 29-NOV. 1 – GYEONGJU, SOUTH KOREA At the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, Mr. Carney met with world leaders, most notably Chinese President Xi Jinping. It was the first formal sit-down meeting between a Canadian prime minister and Mr. Xi since 2017, and marked an effort to repair relations after a deep diplomatic freeze.

NOV. 19-21 – ABU DHABI, UAE In a visit to the Gulf region financial hub, Mr. Carney sought to build relationships with massive investment funds and deep-pocketed companies. He announced Ottawa is working on a $1-billion project aimed at expanding critical-minerals processing capacity in Canada, while securing the equivalent of $70-billion in investment from the United Arab Emirates.

NOV. 21-23 – JOHANNESBURG Mr. Carney visited South Africa to attend the Group of 20, a forum for global economic co-operation among major economies. He talked up trade and investment, meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, with the pair announcing they were resuming talks on a comprehensive economic partnership agreement. It represented another thaw in relations between Canada and India, after Ottawa in 2023 accused New Delhi of being behind the slaying of a Canadian citizen on Canadian soil.

DEC. 5 – WASHINGTON The Prime Minister headed south to attend the final draw to determine team matchups for FIFA World Cup 2026, which is being held in North America. Mr. Carney, who was trying to negotiate an end to punishing U.S. tariffs and persuade Mr. Trump not to withdraw from the USMCA, spoke to the U.S. President for 45 minutes, but details of the discussion were not disclosed.

DOMESTIC STOPS When The Globe asked Mr. Carney’s office for a list of his trips, it included stops he made in his riding – even though it is just several minutes by car from Parliament Hill.

Ms. Surkes said that’s notable because it shows his team is aware he has to be seen spending time as the local MP, a lesson they may be taking from his rival, Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre. He lost his own seat in the spring election, and wound up running again in a by-election in a different riding.

“It matters not whether you’re the prime minister or the leader of the Official Opposition in our Westminster style of government, at the end of the day, you are still a member of Parliament,” she said.

“And you are only a member of Parliament for as long as your constituents and community believe that you are their best possible representative.”

As Mr. Carney’s team plans his travels elsewhere inside the country, they’re riffing off an old Police song from the 1980s – every move he makes, someone is watching, Ms. Surkes said.

That means that policy announcements get made in key industrial centres, that Mr. Carney takes care to set foot in different ridings and, at least some of the time, does campaign-style events.

JUNE 1 – CALGARY The Prime Minister went to Alberta for his first domestic trip after winning a minority government in the April election, in part on a mandate to speed up natural-resource development. In Calgary, he met behind closed doors with major energy company CEOs, and briefed them on how he intends to follow through on his pledge to make Canada an energy superpower.

JUNE 2 – SASKATOON Mr. Carney’s sit-down with the premiers was the first time a first ministers’ meeting had been held in Saskatchewan in decades. The premiers hailed Mr. Carney, with western leaders in particular lauding him for his approach to economic policy. The meeting gave premiers the opportunity to pitch the Prime Minister on their picks for new nation-building projects; Mr. Carney’s signature bill to get those projects built faster was introduced in the House of Commons at the end of that week.

JUNE 16-19 – KANANASKIS, ALTA.

Canada was president of the G7 countries for 2025, giving Mr. Carney an early opportunity to host a range of world leaders in Kananaskis, a location agreed upon well before he became prime minister.

At the summit, he and Mr. Trump agreed to reach some kind of trade deal by late July – a deadline pushed back later to Aug. 1, which also came and went with no new agreement. Also attending the G7 – by Mr. Carney’s invitation – was Mr. Modi, a move that drew criticism given the unresolved accusations of foreign interference by India on Canadian soil.

JULY 21-22 – HUNTSVILLE, ONT.

Mr. Carney called an emergency meeting with premiers before their own scheduled sit-down in Ontario cottage country after Mr. Trump threatened to impose 35-per-cent tariffs on Canadian goods by Aug. 1.

JULY 23 – FORT SMITH, NWT Born in the Northwest Territories, Mr. Carney made his first official visit to the area by going to his hometown, Fort Smith. There, he met with residents who wanted more funding for a school food program and also discussed wildfire response.

JULY 24 – INUVIK, NWT The Prime Minister travelled to Inuvik for the first of three meetings with Indigenous, First Nations, Métis and Inuit communities on his legislation to speed up resource development. The meetings were arranged in response to blowback from those communities on what the bill might mean for their treaty rights.

AUG. 5 – KELOWNA, B.C.

Mr. Carney announced $1.2-billion in aid for the softwood lumber sector, as it was battered anew by the long-standing trade dispute with the U.S. over its products.

SEPT. 3-5 – NORTH YORK, ONT.

Prime ministers often hold cabinet meetings away from Parliament Hill ahead of House of Commons sittings. Mr. Carney’s first such meeting took place in Meech Lake, Que., in May, but was totally closed off to reporters. The one ahead of Parliament’s return in September was rebranded from “cabinet retreat” to “cabinet planning forum,” and was open to media.

Mr. Carney’s inner circle heard from a range of speakers, though a controversial ally of the Trump administration cancelled at the last minute.

SEPT. 9-11 – EDMONTON Mr. Carney brought his Liberal caucus to Edmonton for their fall-planning session. The headline event: an announcement of the first batch of referrals to the Major Projects Office for consideration. The projects up for fast-track approval included a plan to expand the Montreal port, double LNG Canada’s production of liquefied natural gas, a small modular reactor in Clarington, Ont., a new copper and zinc mine in Saskatchewan and an expansion of the Red Chris Mine copper operation in northwestern B.C.

Mr. Carney also attended a Liberal fundraiser, where the party confirmed that speeches at those events are no longer open to media.

SEPT. 12 AND 14 – NEPEAN, ONT.

As the MP for Nepean, Mr. Carney made announcements and held several events in the area this year.

They included an announcement Sept. 14 on his promise to speed up home building, and before that, a visit with the Jewish community to mark Jewish New Year.

OCT. 16 – ETOBICOKE/VAUGHAN/BRAMPTON, ONT.

Mr. Carney did a series of events around the Greater Toronto Area, previewing his budget’s promises on public safety, including bail reform and more money for the RCMP. He also met with Ontario Premier Doug Ford for an update on U.S. trade talks, and headlined a fundraiser in Brampton.

OCT. 17 – NIAGARA FALLS/KITCHENER/BRAMPTON, ONT.

It was three stops in a single day for Mr. Carney, first in Niagara Falls to make an announcement on border security. Then it was Kitchener to tap a keg for Oktoberfest, and from there to Brampton to attend a Diwali gala and deliver a speech.

NOVEMBER – VARIOUS LOCATIONS ACROSS COUNTRY The Carney government tabled its maiden budget on Nov. 4, and Mr. Carney travelled to Toronto, Fredericton, Vancouver and Montreal to highlight elements of the fiscal plan. He also held an event in Terrace, B.C., to announce the second batch of projects being referred for potential fast-tracking.

NOV. 26-27 – CALGARY This trip marked a milestone: a new energy accord between Ottawa and Alberta providing for, among other things, a new oil pipeline to the B.C. coast and the lifting of some environmental regulations in support of that project. The agreement saw Mr. Carney and Alberta Premier Danielle Smith cheered by business leaders, but also criticized by B.C. and Indigenous groups for leaving them out of negotiations.

Mr. Carney’s business focus also means a different approach to Parliament than his predecessor, most notably that he’s not in Question Period as regularly as Mr. Trudeau was.

Ms. Surkes said that heading into the new year, she doesn’t expect that to change. Canadians, she said, are in the mood for a leader who is outside of Parliament selling the country.

“The mood may shift at some point, but until or unless there is a strong feeling that the Leader of the Opposition’s line of questioning matters insofar as what Canadians are expecting out of Mr. Carney, I don’t foresee any real change or shift in terms of where he’s scheduling his time,” she said.

The Prime Minister’s travel schedule for 2026 is yet to be revealed. The Globe has reported a trip to China could be in the cards. Domestically, he’s expected to hold a cabinet retreat outside Ottawa ahead of the winter session of Parliament, which begins on Jan. 26.

Document GLOB000020251223elcn00012




Coeur Mining Inc. - Proxy Statement - Business Combination (Form DEFM14A)

Coeur Mining Inc. published this content on December 22, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 22, 2025 at 13:53 UTC. 
167,040 words
22 December 2025
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2025. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

Proxy Statement - Business Combination (Form DEFM14A)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant ?

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ??

Check the appropriate box:

??

Preliminary Proxy Statement.

??

Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)).

?

Definitive Proxy Statement.

??

Definitive Additional Materials.

??

Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12.

COEUR MINING, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
 

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
?


Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply):

??

No fee required.

?

Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

??

Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

TABLE OF CONTENTS



200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

PROPOSED ARRANGEMENT - YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Stockholders,

I am pleased to inform you that Coeur Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Coeur"), New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada ("New Gold"), and 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur ("Canadian Sub") have agreed to a strategic business combination transaction (the "Arrangement"), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Coeur (through the Canadian Sub) will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of New Gold (each, a "New Gold Common Share") pursuant to a Plan of Arrangement (as defined below) with New Gold becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. Upon completion of the Arrangement, each holder of a New Gold Common Share will receive 0.4959 shares (the "Exchange Ratio") of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Coeur ("Coeur Common Stock"), in exchange for each New Gold Common Share held (other than New Gold Common Shares held by dissenting New Gold shareholders), subject to the terms of an arrangement agreement entered into by Coeur, New Gold, and Canadian Sub on November 2, 2025 (as may be amended from time to time, the "Arrangement Agreement").

The arrangement will be implemented by way of a plan of arrangement (the "Plan of Arrangement") in accordance with the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and is subject to the approval by the Supreme Court of British Columbia (the "Court"), certain regulatory approvals, approval by the Coeur stockholders and by New Gold shareholders, and certain other customary conditions precedent. Upon completion of the Arrangement, existing Coeur stockholders will own approximately 62% of outstanding Coeur Common Stock and existing New Gold shareholders will own approximately 38% of outstanding Coeur Common Stock (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement).

We are sending you the accompanying proxy statement, dated December 22, 2025 (the "Proxy Statement"), to cordially invite you to attend a special meeting of the stockholders of Coeur (the "special meeting"), which will be held entirely online at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM, at 10:00 AM, Central Time, on January 27, 2026, or such other date, time and place to which the special meeting may be adjourned or postponed, for the purpose of considering and voting upon the following proposals in connection with the Arrangement:

(a)

Proposal No. 1 - The Charter Amendment Proposal - to approve the amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Coeur, as amended (the "Charter Amendment"), to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares (the "Charter Amendment Proposal"); and

(b)

Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal - to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement (the "Stock Issuance Proposal").

The Coeur Board evaluated the Arrangement in consultation with Coeur's senior management and legal and financial advisors and, after careful consideration of the various factors described under the section of the Proxy Statement captioned "The Arrangement-Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement," the Coeur board of directors has unanimously determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Coeur and its stockholders to consummate the Arrangement with New Gold as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement and adopt the Charter Amendment, conditioned upon the closing of the Arrangement under the Arrangement Agreement (the "Closing").

The Coeur board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" each of the proposals described above.

Contemporaneously and in connection with the execution of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur has entered into a voting and support agreement (each, a "New Gold Voting Agreement") with each of the directors and certain officers of New Gold, who collectively held approximately 0.1% of the outstanding New Gold Common Shares as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement, and New Gold has entered into a voting and support agreement (each, a

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Coeur Voting Agreement" and together with the New Gold Voting Agreements, the "Voting Agreements") with each of the directors and certain officers of Coeur, who collectively held approximately 1.5% of the outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement. The Voting Agreements provide that the signatories thereto will, subject to limited exceptions, vote their shares in favor of approving the Arrangement (in the case of New Gold signatories) or adopting the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal (in the case of Coeur signatories), and against certain matters inconsistent with the Arrangement. The signatories to the Voting Agreements have also agreed not to exercise any rights of appraisal or rights of dissent provided under any applicable laws, among other things. Each Voting Agreement terminates upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Effective Time (as defined in the Arrangement Agreement), (b) the date the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, and (c) the completion of Coeur's stockholders meeting or New Gold shareholders meeting in connection with the Arrangement, as applicable.

The accompanying Proxy Statement provides you with information about the Arrangement, the Charter Amendment and the special meeting. Coeur encourages you to read the Proxy Statement carefully and in its entirety, including the Arrangement Agreement and the Charter Amendment, which are attached hereto as Annex A and Annex B, respectively. Before deciding how to vote, you should consider the risk factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of the Proxy Statement. You may also obtain more information about Coeur and New Gold from the documents each of them has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") as described under the "Where You Can Find More Information" section of the Proxy Statement.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, NO MATTER HOW MANY SHARES YOU OWN.

Your vote is important. The Arrangement cannot be completed unless the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal are approved. Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the amendment exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal. Please read the Proxy Statement before exercising your vote. Brokers are not permitted to vote on certain proposals and may not vote on certain proposals unless you provide voting instructions. Voting your shares will help to ensure that your interests are represented at the special meeting.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in person (online), you are requested to promptly vote your shares as soon as possible by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided, or by voting over the telephone or via the internet as instructed in these materials. If you sign, date and mail your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your vote will be counted as a vote "FOR" each of the proposals described above. If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other nominee, please follow the instructions provided by that institution to vote your shares.

I strongly support the proposed Arrangement of Coeur with New Gold and the Charter Amendment and join with our board of directors in unanimously recommending that you vote "FOR" each of the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. Thank you for your continued support of Coeur.

? ? ? ?
  ? ? By Order of the Board of Directors,
  ? ?  
  ? ? Mitchell J. Krebs
  ? ?  
  ? ? Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
  ? ?  
  ? ? December 22, 2025
? ? ? ?


TABLE OF CONTENTS

NEITHER THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE ARRANGEMENT, PASSED UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED IN THE ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE ARRANGEMENT, OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

The accompanying Proxy Statement is dated December 22, 2025 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being mailed or otherwise distributed to stockholders of Coeur on or about December 22, 2025.

TABLE OF CONTENTS



200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held On January 27, 2026

A special meeting ("special meeting") of stockholders of Coeur Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Coeur"), will be held entirely online at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM, at 10:00 AM, Central Time, on January 27, 2026, or such other date, time and place to which the special meeting may be adjourned or postponed, for the purpose of considering and voting upon the following proposals in connection with a strategic business combination transaction (the "Arrangement") pursuant to an arrangement agreement entered into by Coeur, New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada ("New Gold"), and 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur ("Canadian Sub"), on November 2, 2025 (as may be amended from time to time, the "Arrangement Agreement"), whereby Coeur (through Canadian Sub) will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Common Shares with New Gold becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur:

(a)

Proposal No. 1 - The Charter Amendment Proposal - to consider and vote on the proposal to approve the amendment to the Coeur Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "Charter Amendment"), to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares (the "Charter Amendment Proposal"); and

(b)

Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal - to consider and vote on the proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement (the "Stock Issuance Proposal").

The Coeur board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" each of the proposals described above.

The accompanying proxy statement provides you with information about the Arrangement Agreement, the Plan of Arrangement, the Arrangement, the Charter Amendment and the special meeting. Coeur encourages you to read the Proxy Statement carefully and in its entirety, including the Arrangement Agreement and the Charter Amendment, which are attached hereto as Annex A and Annex B, respectively.

Record Date: December 8, 2025. Only stockholders of record as of the record date are entitled to receive notice of and to vote in person (online) or by proxy at the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.

The proxy statement is dated December 22, 2025, and is first being mailed to our stockholders on or about December 22, 2025.

All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the special meeting in person (online) or by proxy. It is important that your shares be represented at the special meeting whether or not you are personally able to attend. If you are unable to attend, please promptly vote your shares by telephone or internet or by signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card at your earliest convenience. Voting by the internet or telephone is fast, convenient, and enables your vote to be immediately confirmed and tabulated, which helps Coeur reduce postage and proxy tabulation costs.

Your vote is important. The Arrangement cannot be completed unless the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal are approved. Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal. Please read the Proxy Statement before exercising your vote.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Brokers are not permitted to vote on certain proposals and may not vote on certain proposals unless you provide voting instructions. Voting your shares will help to ensure that your interests are represented at the special meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in person (online), please vote as soon as possible to ensure that your shares are represented and voted at the special meeting.

On behalf of Coeur's board of directors, the management team and employees, we thank you for your continued support of Coeur and look forward to hosting you at the special meeting.

? ? ? ?
  ? ? By Order of the Board of Directors,
  ? ?  
  ? ? Casey M. Nault
  ? ? Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
  ? ? December 22, 2025
? ? ? ?


IMPORTANT VOTING INSTRUCTIONS

WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON (ONLINE), COEUR URGES YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE (1) BY TELEPHONE, (2) VIA THE INTERNET OR (3) BY SIGNING AND RETURNING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED. INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO VOTE BEGIN ON PAGE 59. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the special meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other nominee, please follow the instructions provided by that institution to vote your shares.

Coeur urges you to read the Proxy Statement, including all documents incorporated by reference into the Proxy Statement, and its annexes carefully and in their entirety.

If you are a Coeur stockholder and have any questions concerning the Arrangement or the Proxy Statement, would like additional copies of the Proxy Statement, need to obtain proxy cards or need help voting, please contact Coeur's proxy solicitor:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

7 Penn Plaza, Suite 503

New York, NY 10001

(212) 929-5500

(800) 322-2885 (toll free)

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the special meeting to be held on January 27, 2026. This Proxy Statement is available at www.proxyvote.com.

For additional information about documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, please see the "Where You Can Find More Information" section of this Proxy Statement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                                                    ? ? ?
                                                                                     ? ? Page
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS                                                                ? ? 1
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                            ? ? 3
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE ARRANGEMENT                  ? ? 5
SUMMARY                                                                              ? ? 13
The Parties to the Arrangement                                                       ? ? 13
Special Meeting of Coeur Stockholders                                                ? ? 13
The Arrangement                                                                      ? ? 14
Voting Agreements                                                                    ? ? 16
Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement                                                  ? ? 17
Risk Factors                                                                         ? ? 17
Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors                                       ? ? 17
Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur                                              ? ? 17
Board of Directors Following the Arrangement                                         ? ? 18
Management Following the Arrangement                                                 ? ? 18
Interests of Coeur Directors and Executive Officers in the Arrangement               ? ? 18
Accounting Treatment                                                                 ? ? 19
Shareholder Approvals                                                                ? ? 19
Court Approval                                                                       ? ? 19
Regulatory Approvals                                                                 ? ? 19
Stock Exchange Listing Approval                                                      ? ? 19
No Appraisal Rights                                                                  ? ? 20
Who Can Answer Your Questions About Voting Your Shares                               ? ? 20
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT IFRS TO U.S. GAAP DIFFERENCES AND ACCOUNTING POLICY ALIGNMENT ? ? 21
Reclamation and remediation liabilities                                              ? ? 21
Gold stream obligation                                                               ? ? 21
Capitalized Stripping Cost                                                           ? ? 21
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION                         ? ? 22
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA                                                   ? ? 44
RISK FACTORS                                                                         ? ? 46
Risk Factors Relating to the Arrangement                                             ? ? 46
Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following the Arrangement              ? ? 52
Other Risk Factors Relating to Coeur and New Gold                                    ? ? 56
THE SPECIAL MEETING                                                                  ? ? 57
General                                                                              ? ? 57
Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting                                          ? ? 57
Purpose of the Special Meeting                                                       ? ? 57
Board Recommendation                                                                 ? ? 57
Coeur stockholders can cast separate votes on each proposal                          ? ? 57
Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote                             ? ? 57
Quorum                                                                               ? ? 57
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management                       ? ? 58
Required Vote                                                                        ? ? 59
Voting by Proxy                                                                      ? ? 59
How to Vote                                                                          ? ? 59
Revoking Your Proxy                                                                  ? ? 60
Adjournments and Postponements                                                       ? ? 60
Householding                                                                         ? ? 61
Solicitation of Proxies                                                              ? ? 61
?                                                                                    ? ? ?


i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                                      ? ? ?
                                                                       ? ? Page
Other Business                                                         ? ? 61
Assistance in Completing the Proxy Card                                ? ? 61
THE ARRANGEMENT                                                        ? ? 62
Structure of the Arrangement                                           ? ? 62
Background of the Arrangement                                          ? ? 62
Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement                                    ? ? 67
Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors                         ? ? 70
Required Vote                                                          ? ? 70
Effect of the Charter Amendment                                        ? ? 70
Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur                                ? ? 70
Overview of Analyses; Other Considerations                             ? ? 88
Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial and Operating Information      ? ? 88
Board of Directors Following the Arrangement                           ? ? 91
Management Following the Arrangement                                   ? ? 91
Interests of Coeur Directors and Executive Officers in the Arrangement ? ? 92
Accounting Treatment                                                   ? ? 92
Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Stock Transfer Restrictions      ? ? 92
Court Approval                                                         ? ? 93
Shareholder Approvals                                                  ? ? 93
Regulatory Approvals                                                   ? ? 93
Stock Exchange Matters                                                 ? ? 93
Fees, Costs and Expenses                                               ? ? 94
Voting Agreements                                                      ? ? 94
General                                                                ? ? 95
NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS                                                    ? ? 96
LITIGATION RELATED TO THE ARRANGEMENT                                  ? ? 96
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PARTIES TO THE ARRANGEMENT                       ? ? 97
THE ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT                  ? ? 98
The Arrangement                                                        ? ? 98
Consideration Issuable Pursuant to the Arrangement                     ? ? 98
Treatment of New Gold Equity Awards in the Arrangement                 ? ? 99
Dissent Rights of New Gold Shareholders                                ? ? 100
Payment of Consideration                                               ? ? 100
Efforts to Obtain Required New Gold Shareholder Approval               ? ? 100
Efforts to Obtain Required Coeur Stockholder Approval                  ? ? 101
Final Court Approval                                                   ? ? 101
Conditions to Closing                                                  ? ? 101
Covenants                                                              ? ? 104
Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals         ? ? 106
Certain Employee Matters                                               ? ? 109
Insurance Matters                                                      ? ? 109
Termination of the Arrangement Agreement                               ? ? 109
Amendments                                                             ? ? 113
Governing Law                                                          ? ? 113
Specific Performance                                                   ? ? 113
PROPOSAL NO. 1 - THE CHARTER AMENDMENT PROPOSAL                        ? ? 114
Required Vote                                                          ? ? 114
Board Recommendation                                                   ? ? 114
?                                                                      ? ? ?


ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                           ? ? ?
                                                            ? ? Page
PROPOSAL NO. 2 - THE STOCK ISSUANCE PROPOSAL                ? ? 115
Required Vote                                               ? ? 115
Board Recommendation                                        ? ? 115
FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS                                ? ? 116
OTHER MATTERS                                               ? ? 117
Other Matters For Action at the Special Meeting             ? ? 117
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION                         ? ? 117
Where Stockholders Can Find More Information About Coeur    ? ? 117
Where Stockholders Can Find More Information About New Gold ? ? 118
Annex A: ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT                              ? ? A-1
Annex B: CHARTER AMENDMENT                                  ? ? B-1
Annex C: FORM OF COEUR AND NEW GOLD VOTING AGREEMENTS       ? ? C-1
Annex D: OPINION OF BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP                ? ? D-1
Annex E: OPINION OF RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC                ? ? E-1
?                                                           ? ? ?


iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS

Unless otherwise stated or unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "Coeur," "we," "us" or "our" refer to Coeur Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation. References to "$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America; and "C$," to the lawful currency of Canada.

In this Proxy Statement, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires:

"Arrangement" means the arrangement of New Gold under the provisions of Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Plan of Arrangement, subject to any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, or made at the direction of the Court in the Final Order (with the prior written consent of both New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably);

"Arrangement Agreement" means the arrangement agreement entered into by and among Coeur, New Gold, and Canadian Sub on November 2, 2025, as it may be amended from time to time;

"BCBCA" means the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and the regulations made thereunder, as now in effect and as they may be promulgated or amended from time to time;

"business day" means any day, other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory or civic holiday in Mexico City, Mexico, New York, New York, Toronto, Ontario or Vancouver, British Columbia;

"Canadian Sub" means 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur;

"Charter Amendment" means the amendment to the Coeur Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex B;

"Charter Amendment Proposal" means the proposal to Coeur stockholders to approve the Charter Amendment;

"Closing" means the closing of the Arrangement under the Arrangement Agreement;

"Coeur" means Coeur Mining, Inc. a Delaware corporation;

"Coeur Board" means the board of directors of Coeur;

"Coeur Bylaws" means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Coeur, dated September 23, 2024, as amended from time to time;

"Coeur Certificate of Incorporation" means the Certificate of Incorporation of Coeur, dated May 15, 2013, as amended from time to time;

"Coeur Common Stock" means the common stock of Coeur, par value $0.01 per share;

"combined company" means Coeur, after the consummation of the Arrangement;

"Consideration Shares" means the shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued to New Gold shareholders, pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement;

"Court" means the Supreme Court of British Columbia;

"DGCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law;

"Effective Date" means the date on which the Arrangement becomes effective in accordance with Section 2.11(a) of the Arrangement Agreement;

"Effective Time" means 12:01 a.m. on the Effective Date or such other time as Coeur and New Gold agree to in writing before the Effective Date;

"Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder;

"Exchange Ratio" means 0.4959 shares of Coeur Common Stock for each New Gold Common Share, subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Final Order" means the final order of the Court contemplated by Section 2.7 of the Arrangement Agreement, in a form and substance acceptable to New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably, approving the Arrangement, as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of both New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably) at any time prior to the Effective Date or, if appealed, then, unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed or as amended (provided that any such amendment is acceptable to New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably) on appeal;

"IFRS" means the IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board;

"including" means including without limitation, and "include" and "includes" have a corresponding meaning;

"Interim Order" means the interim order of the Court to be issued following the application therefor submitted to the Court after being informed of the intention to rely upon the exemption from registration under section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act with respect to the Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement as contemplated by Section 2.3 of the Arrangement Agreement, in a form and substance acceptable to New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably, providing for, among other things, the calling and holding of the meeting of New Gold shareholders, as the same may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court with the consent of New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably;

"New Gold" means New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada;

"New Gold Common Shares" means the common shares of New Gold;

"New Gold DSUs" means the outstanding deferred share units granted under the New Gold DSU Plan;

"New Gold DSU Plan" means the deferred share unit plan of New Gold effective May 6, 2010, as amended;

"New Gold LTIP" means the long term incentive plan of New Gold effective February 19, 2025;

"New Gold Options" means the outstanding options to purchase New Gold Common Shares granted under the stock option plan of New Gold effective May 4, 2011;

"New Gold PSUs" means the outstanding performance share units granted under the New Gold LTIP;

"New Gold RSUs" means the outstanding restricted share units granted under the New Gold LTIP;

"NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange;

"NYSE American" means the NYSE American Stock Exchange;

"Plan of Arrangement" means that certain plan of arrangement implementing the Arrangement, substantially in the form of Schedule A to the Arrangement Agreement, and any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement or upon the direction of the Court in the Final Order with the consent of New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably;

"SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

"SEDAR+" means the System for Electronic Document Analysis Retrieval of the Canadian Securities Administrators, accessible at www.sedarplus.ca;

"Stock Issuance Proposal" means the proposal to Coeur stockholders to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement;

"TSX" means the Toronto Stock Exchange; and

"U.S. GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Proxy Statement and the documents incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement, include or may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this Proxy Statement, including those that address activities, events, or developments that Coeur expects, believes, or anticipates will or may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Arrangement, including any statements regarding the expected timetable for completing the Arrangement, Coeur's or New Gold's plans and expectations with respect to the Arrangement, the results, effects, benefits and synergies of the Arrangement, the anticipated impact of the Arrangement on the combined company's results of operations, financial position, growth opportunities, competitive position, including maintaining Coeur's and New Gold's current management, strategies and plans and integration, future opportunities for the combined company, future financial performance and condition, guidance and any other statements regarding Coeur's or New Gold's future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, financial conditions, assumptions or future events or performance that are not historical facts are "forward-looking" statements based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. The words "anticipate," "believe," "ensure," "expect," "if," "intend," "estimate," "probable," "project," "forecasts," "predict," "outlook," "aim," "will," "could," "should," "would," "potential," "may," "might," "likely," "plan," "positioned," "strategy," and similar expressions or other words of similar meaning, and the negatives thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities laws.

These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Coeur's control, and which may cause actual results and future trends to differ materially from those matters expressed in, or implied or projected by, such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those described in forward-looking statements include the following:

• shareholders of New Gold may not approve the Arrangement;

• stockholders of Coeur may not approve the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal;

• the risk that any other condition to the completion of the Arrangement may not be satisfied or that the completion of the Arrangement might be delayed or not occur at all;

• the risk that either Coeur or New Gold may terminate the Arrangement Agreement and either Coeur or New Gold may be required to pay a termination fee to the other party;

• the risk that the regulatory approvals required to complete the Arrangement may be delayed, impose burdensome conditions, or may not be obtained at all, which could prevent or delay completion of the Arrangement;

• the Arrangement may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to Coeur's earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of shares of Coeur Common Stock;

• Coeur and New Gold may incur significant transaction and other costs in connection with the Arrangement in excess of those anticipated by Coeur or New Gold;

• potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships of Coeur or New Gold, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the Arrangement;

• the ultimate timing, outcome and results of integrating the operations of Coeur and New Gold;

• the effects of the business combination of Coeur and New Gold, including the combined company's future financial condition, results of operations, strategy and plans; the ability of the combined company to realize anticipated synergies in the timeframe expected or at all; changes in capital markets and the ability of the combined company to finance operations in the manner expected;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and other financial forecasts contained in this Proxy Statement may not be necessarily predictive of the combined company's actual results of operations or financial condition following the completion of the Arrangement;

• the Arrangement and the announcement, pendency and/or completion thereof or the failure to complete the Arrangement could have an adverse effect on the price of shares of Coeur Common Stock, or on the business, financial results and operations or employee or business relationships of Coeur and/or New Gold;

• the risk related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the Arrangement, or the diversion of management time on transaction-related issues;

• the risk related to the ultimate timing, outcome and results of integrating the operations of Coeur and New Gold;

• the risk that operating costs and business disruption may be greater than expected following the public announcement or consummation of the Arrangement;

• the risk that Coeur or New Gold may not receive the required stock exchange approvals of the Arrangement;

• the expected listing of shares of Coeur Common Stock issuable under the Arrangement on the NYSE;

• the expected listing of shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX;

• the risk of any litigation relating to the proposed Arrangement;

• the risks to Coeur's and New Gold's business generally, including changes in governmental regulations or enforcement practices; the effects of commodity prices; life of mine estimates; the timing and amount of estimated future production; the risks of mining activities;

• the risk that New Gold may have liabilities that are not known to Coeur; and

• the risk resulting from the fact that the Arrangement Agreement contains restrictions on Coeur's ability to pursue certain transactions during the pendency of the Arrangement Agreement without New Gold's consent.

The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Expectations regarding business outlook, including changes in revenue, pricing, capital expenditures, cash flow generation, strategies for the combined company's operations, gold, silver and copper market conditions, legal, economic and regulatory conditions, and environmental matters are only forecasts regarding these matters. For further discussion of these and other risks, contingencies, and uncertainties applicable to Coeur, please see "Risk Factors" in this Proxy Statement as well as Coeur's other filings with the SEC incorporated herein by reference. Please see "Where You Can Find More Information" for more information about the SEC filings incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.

Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described above can be found in Coeur's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC and available from Coeur's website at www.coeur.com under the "Investors" tab, and in other documents Coeur files with the SEC, and in New Gold's most recent annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2024 and its most recent management's discussion and analysis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, which are on file with the SEC and SEDAR+ and available from New Gold's website at www.newgold.com under the "Investors" tab, and in other documents New Gold files with the SEC or on SEDAR+.

All forward-looking statements attributable to Coeur or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified by the cautionary statements contained in this section. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. Neither Coeur nor New Gold assumes any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable securities laws. As forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE ARRANGEMENT

The following questions and answers briefly address some commonly asked questions about the Arrangement and other matters being considered at the special meeting. They may not include all the information that is important to our stockholders. Coeur stockholders should carefully read this entire Proxy Statement, including the annexes and the other documents referred to herein and incorporated by reference.

Q:

Why am I receiving this Proxy Statement?

A:

Coeur has agreed to acquire New Gold pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement that are described in this Proxy Statement. If completed, the Arrangement will result in Canadian Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur, acquiring all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Common Shares in exchange for newly issued shares of Coeur Common Stock. As a result of the Arrangement, New Gold will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. Approximately 392.60 million shares of Coeur Common Stock will be issued to New Gold shareholders in the Arrangement (in each case, based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement). Immediately after the completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that Coeur's existing stockholders will own approximately 62% and New Gold's former shareholders will own approximately 38% of the combined company (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement). A copy of the Arrangement Agreement is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex A.

You are receiving this Proxy Statement because you have been identified as a holder of a share of Coeur Common Stock as of the record date. This Proxy Statement is being used to solicit proxies on behalf of the Coeur Board for the special meeting to obtain the required approval of Coeur stockholders. This Proxy Statement contains important information about the Arrangement and related transactions, the Charter Amendment Proposal, the Stock Issuance Proposal, and the special meeting, and you should read it carefully.

In order to complete the Arrangement, Coeur stockholders must approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock as consideration in connection with the Arrangement and the Charter Amendment. New Gold shareholders must approve the Arrangement, New Gold must obtain the Final Order from the Court approving the Arrangement, and all other conditions to the Arrangement, including receipt of certain regulatory approvals, must be satisfied or waived. New Gold will hold a separate meeting to obtain the required approval of its shareholders.

Q:

What will I receive under the Arrangement?

A:

Coeur stockholders will not receive any consideration in the Arrangement. Coeur stockholders will continue to own their existing shares of Coeur Common Stock after the Arrangement. Immediately after the completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that Coeur stockholders (immediately before the Effective Time of the Arrangement) will own approximately 62% and New Gold shareholders (immediately before the Effective Time of the Arrangement) will own approximately 38% of the combined company (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement).

Q:

When and where is the special meeting?

A:

The special meeting will be held entirely online at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM, on January 27, 2026 at 10:00 AM, Central Time and the list of Coeur stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting can be viewed at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM.

Q:

How do I attend the special meeting?

A:

Coeur stockholders will only be able to attend the Coeur special meeting virtually via live audio webcast, which can be accessed by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM. For additional information on attending the special meeting, please see "The Special Meeting."

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Q:

What will the Coeur stockholders be asked to vote on at the special meeting?

A:

At the special meeting, Coeur stockholders will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:

1.

Proposal No. 1 - The Charter Amendment Proposal - to approve the Charter Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares; and

2.

Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal - to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement.

Q:

Who is eligible to vote at the special meeting?

A:

Holders of shares of Coeur Common Stock as of December 8, 2025, being the record date, are eligible to vote at the special meeting.

Q:

How many votes do Coeur stockholders have?

A:

Holders of shares of Coeur Common Stock are entitled to cast one vote on each proposal properly brought before the special meeting for each share of Coeur Common Stock that such holder owned at the record date.

Q:

What constitutes a quorum for the special meeting?

A:

The holders of a majority in voting power of all issued and outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, present in person (online) or represented by proxy, constitutes a quorum for all matters to come before the special meeting.

Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting.

If a quorum is not present at the special meeting, then the person presiding as chairman of the special meeting or the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, present in person (online) or by proxy, may adjourn the special meeting to continue to solicit proxies.

Q:

What vote by the Coeur stockholders is required to approve the Stock Issuance Proposal?

A:

Pursuant to Section 312.03(c) and Section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and the Coeur Bylaws, approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal will require the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted FOR the Stock Issuance Proposal must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST the Stock Issuance Proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal.

Q:

What vote by the Coeur stockholders is required to approve the Charter Amendment Proposal?

A:

Pursuant to the DGCL and the Coeur Certificate of Incorporation, approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Q:

Why am I being asked to consider and vote on the Stock Issuance Proposal?

A:

As the issued and outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock are listed for trading on the NYSE, issuances of shares of Coeur Common Stock are subject to the rules of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Pursuant to Section 312.03(c) and Section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, stockholder approval is required prior to the issuance of common stock, or of securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in any transaction or series of related transactions if: (1) the common stock has, or will have upon issuance, voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance of such stock or of securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock; or (2) the number of shares of common stock to be

TABLE OF CONTENTS

issued is, or will be upon issuance, equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the issuance of the common stock or of securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock. The number of shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued to New Gold shareholders as consideration for the Arrangement will exceed 20% of the number of shares of Coeur Common Stock outstanding before the issuance. The shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued or issuable under the Arrangement will have, upon issuance, voting power in excess of 20% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance of such shares of Coeur Common Stock. Therefore, under Section 312.03(c) and Section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, stockholder approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal is required.

Q:

Why am I being asked to consider and vote on the Charter Amendment Proposal?

A:

The issuance of Consideration Shares to shareholders of New Gold would require the issuance of a significant number of shares of Coeur Common Stock. The Coeur Board anticipates that the currently authorized share capital of Coeur will not accommodate the additional shares of Coeur Common Stock required to be issued under the Arrangement. Hence, the increased number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock contemplated by the Charter Amendment Proposal is (i) a condition to the completion of the Arrangement, as well as (ii) important to the combined company in order for additional shares to be available for issuance in the future. The additional 400,000,000 shares of Coeur Common Stock authorized would be a part of the existing class of Coeur Common Stock and, if issued, would have the same rights and privileges as the shares of Coeur Common Stock presently issued and outstanding.

Q:

Will the newly issued shares of Coeur Common Stock be traded on an exchange?

A:

It is a condition to the completion of the Arrangement that the Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, and on the TSX, subject only to customary listing conditions. Accordingly, Coeur has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading of its shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued as consideration under the Arrangement on the NYSE and TSX.

Q:

What are Coeur's reasons for proposing the Arrangement and entering into the Arrangement Agreement?

A:

The Coeur Board concluded that the Arrangement provides significant potential benefits to Coeur, including, among other things, exposure to a compelling and unique metals mix, consisting of gold, silver and copper, access to significant free cash flow, strengthening Coeur's ability to return meaningful capital to stockholders and bolstering Coeur's board by adding two New Gold directors. The Coeur Board believes that these benefits outweigh the uncertainties, risks and potentially negative factors relevant to the Arrangement, which included:

• the belief that the Arrangement will create the industry's only all North American senior precious metals mining company while increasing 2026 EBITDA to approximately $3 billion and free cash flow to approximately $2 billion, resulting in a sector-leading free cash flow yield and a rapidly growing cash balance;

• the belief that New Gold's New Afton underground mine located in British Columbia is one of the best assets in Canada and will add significant free cash flow and multiyear growth to Coeur's current profile;

• the belief that increased cash flow will allow the combined company to reinvest in a wide range of organic growth opportunities, including the K Zone at New Afton, brownfields exploration at Rainy River and across existing operations in the U.S., Mexico and Canada;

• the belief that New Gold's Rainy River mine may provide strong near-term cash flow through the continued ramp up of underground mining;

• the belief that New Gold's Rainy River mine has significant exploration potential;

• the belief that the expected material increase in Coeur's market capitalization will increase Coeur's capital markets presence and provide greater trading liquidity and market exposure;

• the belief that the acquisition of the New Afton and Rainy River mines will increase Coeur's exposure to Tier 1 jurisdictions; and

• the belief that Coeur's increased scale will provide enhanced strategic flexibility.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

For a more detailed discussion of the reasoning of the Coeur Board, see "The Arrangement-Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement" and "The Arrangement-Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors" sections of this Proxy Statement.

Q:

What is an Arrangement?

A:

An arrangement is a statutory procedure under Canadian corporate law that allows companies to carry out certain significant corporate transactions upon receiving shareholder and court approval that then becomes binding on all other shareholders by operation of law. The Arrangement that is being proposed by New Gold, a corporation existing under the BCBCA, will allow Canadian Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur, to acquire all of the outstanding New Gold Common Shares pursuant to a plan of arrangement under the BCBCA in exchange for Consideration Shares being issued to the New Gold shareholders, subject to the receipt of the required approvals, including but not limited to certain regulatory approvals and approval of New Gold shareholders, Coeur stockholders, the Court, the NYSE and TSX.

Q:

How does the Coeur board of directors recommend that I vote?

A:

The Coeur board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote:

• "FOR" the Charter Amendment Proposal; and

• "FOR" the Stock Issuance Proposal.

Q:

How do I vote?

A:

You may vote by any of the four methods listed below. If your shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in "street name" by your bank, broker or other nominee, please see "How do I vote if my shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in street name by my bank, broker or other nominee?" below.

























Internet. You may vote on the Internet at http://www.proxyvote.com. This website also allows electronic proxy voting using smartphones, tablets and other web-connected mobile devices (additional charges may apply pursuant to your service provider plan). Simply follow the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. If you vote on the Internet, you can request electronic delivery of future proxy materials. Internet voting facilities for Coeur stockholders of record will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 26, 2026.



















Telephone. You may vote by telephone by following the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. You may call toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada via 1-800-690-6903. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to vote your stock and confirm that your vote has been properly recorded. Telephone voting facilities for Coeur stockholders of record will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 26, 2026.



















Mail. If you received a proxy card by mail, you may vote by mail by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the pre-addressed, postage-paid envelope provided. If you vote by mail and your proxy card is returned unsigned, then your vote cannot be counted. If you vote by mail and the returned proxy card is signed without indicating how you want to vote, then your proxy will be voted as recommended by the Coeur Board. If mailed, your completed and signed proxy card must be received by January 26, 2026.



















Meeting. You may attend (online) and vote electronically at the special meeting.















The Coeur Board recommends that you vote by internet, telephone or mail. Even if you plan to attend the virtual special meeting, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy or voting instruction card or vote over the telephone or the Internet as instructed in these materials as promptly as possible to ensure that your shares will be represented at the special meeting if you are unable to attend. You may still attend the virtual special meeting and vote online by ballot even if you have already voted by proxy.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Q:

How do I vote if my shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in street name by my bank, broker or other nominee?

A:

If your shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in "street name" by your bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of those shares of Coeur Common Stock, and the proxy materials will be forwarded to you by your bank, broker or nominee. The bank, broker or nominee is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares of Coeur Common Stock beneficially owned by you. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your bank, broker or nominee how to vote. Beneficial owners that receive the proxy materials by mail from the stockholder of record should follow the instructions included in those materials (usually a voting instruction card) to transmit voting instructions.

Q:

What should I do if I receive more than one set of materials?

A:

You may receive more than one set of voting materials for the special meeting, including multiple copies of this Proxy Statement and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction forms. For example, if you hold your shares of Coeur Common Stock in more than one brokerage account, you will receive a separate voting instruction form for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a holder of record and your shares are registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one proxy card. Please submit each separate proxy or voting instruction form that you receive by following the instructions set forth in each separate proxy or voting instruction form. If you fail to submit each separate proxy or voting instruction form that you receive, not all of your shares will be voted.

Q:

What happens if I sell my shares of Coeur Common Stock before the special meeting?

A:

The record date for Coeur stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting is earlier than the date of the special meeting. If you transfer your shares of Coeur Common Stock after the record date, but before the date of the special meeting, you will retain your right to vote at the special meeting unless special arrangements are made between you and the person to whom you transfer your shares. If you sold your shares after the record date you are still encouraged to vote the shares you owned on the record date.

Q:

Do any of the officers or directors of Coeur have interests in the Arrangement that may differ from or be in addition to my interests as a Coeur stockholder?

A:

In considering the unanimous recommendation of the Coeur Board that the Coeur stockholders vote to approve the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, Coeur stockholders should be aware that, aside from their interests as Coeur stockholders, Coeur's directors and executive officers have interests in the Arrangement that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Coeur stockholders generally. These interests are described in more detail in the section entitled "The Arrangement-Interests of Coeur Directors and Executive Officers in the Arrangement." The Coeur Board was aware of and considered these potential interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement, in approving the Arrangement and in recommending the approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal. See "The Arrangement-Background of the Arrangement," "The Arrangement-Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors" and "The Arrangement-Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement."

In addition, each of the directors and certain officers of Coeur, who collectively hold approximately 1.5% of the outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement have entered into Coeur Voting Agreements with New Gold. Each such Coeur Voting Agreement provides that the signatories thereto will, subject to limited exceptions, vote their shares in favor of adopting the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal and against any alternative business combination transaction. See "The Arrangement-Voting Agreements."

Q:

May I vote at the special meeting?

A:

Yes. If you are a Coeur stockholder of record on the record date, you may attend the special meeting (online) and vote your shares electronically, in lieu of submitting your proxy by internet, by telephone, or by completing, signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card. Please note that attendance alone at the special meeting will not cause the voting of your shares; you must affirmatively vote the proxy card or meeting ballot provided.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Coeur Common Stock, you are also invited to attend the special meeting (online). However, because you are not a Coeur stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares of Coeur Common Stock in person (online) at the special meeting unless you request and obtain a "legal proxy" issued in your own name from your bank, broker or other nominee. If you appoint a non-management proxy holder, please make sure he or she is aware and ensure he or she will attend (online) and submit a vote on your behalf at the special meeting, with the proper authority from you, for your vote to count.

Even if you plan to attend the virtual special meeting, we encourage you to please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy or voting instruction card or vote over the telephone or the Internet as instructed in these materials as promptly as possible to ensure that your shares will be represented at the special meeting if you are unable to attend. You may still attend the virtual special meeting and vote online by ballot even if you have already voted by proxy.

Q:

How can I change or revoke my vote?

A:

You may revoke your proxy before the voting polls are closed at the special meeting by (i) voting at a later time by Internet or telephone until 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 26, 2026, (ii) voting in person (online) at the special meeting, (iii) delivering to Coeur's Corporate Secretary a proxy with a later date or a written revocation of your most recent proxy, or (iv) giving notice to the inspector of elections at the special meeting.

If your shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in street name by a bank, broker or other nominee, and you vote by proxy, you may later revoke your proxy by informing the holder of record in accordance with that entity's procedures.

Q:

Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A:

No. Under the DGCL, holders of shares of Coeur Common Stock are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Arrangement or any of the matters to be acted on at the special meeting.

Q:

Is completion of the Arrangement subject to any conditions?

A:

Yes. Coeur and New Gold cannot complete the Arrangement unless a number of conditions are satisfied or waived, including receipt of certain regulatory approvals, including approval from the National Antitrust Commission of Mexico (Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio) (the "Mexican Antitrust Approval") and under the Competition Act (Canada) (the "Competition Act Approval") and Investment Canada Act (Canada) (the "ICA Approval", and together with the Mexican Antitrust Approval and the Competition Act Approval, the "Regulatory Approvals"), the required approvals from Coeur stockholders, New Gold shareholders, the Court, and certain stock exchange approvals, including that the Consideration Shares must be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, and on the TSX, subject only to customary listing conditions. See the "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Conditions to Closing" section of this Proxy Statement for a more complete summary of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to completion of the Arrangement.

Q:

What happens if the Arrangement is terminated?

A:

If the Arrangement is terminated, New Gold will not be combined with Coeur, and Coeur and New Gold will continue to operate as separate entities as they did before. The Arrangement Agreement contains certain termination rights for both Coeur and New Gold, including, among others, (i) upon the mutual consent by Coeur and New Gold, (ii) by either Coeur or New Gold if (A) the Arrangement shall not have been consummated on or prior to May 15, 2026 (which date, if the Regulatory Approvals have not been obtained and all other conditions to the Closing have been satisfied or waived on such date, will be automatically extended to August 15, 2026), (B) a change in law makes the Arrangement illegal or prohibited and such change has become final and non-appealable; (C) approval of New Gold shareholders shall not have been obtained, (D) Coeur stockholder approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal shall not have been obtained, (iii) by a party if the other party breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants in the Arrangement Agreement in a manner that would cause any of the closing conditions to not be satisfied, subject to certain conditions, (iv) by a party if the other party's board of directors changes its recommendation with respect to the Arrangement, (v) by a party if the other party materially breaches its

TABLE OF CONTENTS

non-solicitation covenants under the Arrangement Agreement or (vi) by a party, if, prior to New Gold shareholder approval or Coeur stockholder approval, as applicable, the party proposes to enter into an unsolicited, more favorable transaction, subject to certain limitations set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

The Arrangement Agreement further provides that, upon termination of the Arrangement Agreement under certain circumstances, New Gold will be required to pay to Coeur a termination fee of $254,725,000 in connection with such termination, or Coeur will be required to pay to New Gold a termination fee of $413,705,000 in connection with such termination. In addition, in connection with a termination of the Arrangement Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur or New Gold may be required to reimburse the other party in respect of the reasonable and documented expenses of such party's third party representatives incurred in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement up to a maximum amount of $33,965,000. See the "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement" section of this Proxy Statement for a more complete summary of the termination provisions under the Arrangement Agreement.

Q.

When does Coeur expect the Arrangement to become effective?

A:

The Arrangement is currently expected to close in the first half of 2026. The closing of the Arrangement is conditional on New Gold shareholders approving the Arrangement, the approval of Coeur stockholders of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, the approval of the Arrangement by the Court, receipt of the Regulatory Approvals, the Consideration Shares being listed on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, and on the TSX, subject only to customary listing conditions, and the satisfaction of certain other closing conditions. See the "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Conditions to Closing" section of this Proxy Statement.

Q:

What will happen if the Arrangement is completed?

A:

If the Arrangement is completed, Canadian Sub will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Common Shares and New Gold will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. Coeur intends to have the New Gold Common Shares delisted from the TSX and NYSE American as promptly as possible following completion of the Arrangement. In addition, it is expected that Coeur will, subject to applicable law, apply to have New Gold cease to be a reporting issuer in all jurisdictions in which it is a reporting issuer and thus will terminate New Gold's reporting obligations in Canada and the United States following completion of the Arrangement.

In addition, Coeur will continue to be a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada. In connection with the Arrangement, Coeur will submit an application to list its shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX. Coeur's shares of Coeur Common Stock are currently listed on the NYSE. However, it is a condition to the completion of the Arrangement that the Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, and the TSX, subject only to customary listing conditions. Upon listing its shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX, Coeur will be required to comply with the TSX's ongoing listing requirements, including those set out in the TSX Company Manual. Coeur will apply for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading on the TSX. Subject to certain exceptions, Coeur will continue to be generally exempt from Canadian statutory financial and other continuous and timely reporting requirements, including the requirement for insiders of Coeur to file reports with respect to trades of Coeur securities, provided Coeur complies with the requirements of applicable U.S. securities laws and U.S. market requirements in respect of all financial and other continuous and timely reporting matters, and Coeur files with the relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities copies of its documents filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act.

Q:

Who will be the directors and executive officers of the combined company following the Arrangement?

A:

Coeur anticipates that as of the Effective Time, New Gold's chief executive officer and director, Patrick Godin, and an additional member of New Gold's board of directors will join Coeur's board of directors. Coeur has agreed to nominate such New Gold directors for election as a director to Coeur's board of directors at the next annual general meeting of Coeur held to consider election of directors following the Effective Date, so long as such New Gold directors meet any applicable qualification requirements to serve as directors under applicable laws and have delivered their consents to act as directors of Coeur.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Q:

Are there any risks I should consider in connection with the Arrangement?

A:

Yes. There are a number of risk factors relating to Coeur's business and operations, the Arrangement and the combined company's business and operations, all of which should be carefully considered. See the "Risk Factors" section of this Proxy Statement.

Q.

Is this Coeur's annual meeting? Will I be voting on the election of directors at the special meeting?

A:

No. This is not Coeur's annual meeting and you will not be asked to elect any of Coeur's directors at this special meeting. The special meeting will be held entirely online at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM, at 10:00 AM, Central Time, on January 27, 2026, unless adjourned or postponed to a later date. If you are a Coeur stockholder of record as of the record date, you will receive a proxy card for the special meeting.

Q.

Who is making this proxy solicitation?

A:

The solicitation is made on behalf of the registrant, i.e., Coeur, and each director of Coeur.

Q.

Who is paying for this proxy solicitation?

A:

Coeur pays for the costs of soliciting proxies. We have retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. ("MacKenzie") to assist in the solicitation of proxies. For these proxy solicitation services, we will pay MacKenzie an estimated fee of approximately $17,500, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and fees for any additional services. Coeur will indemnify MacKenzie and its affiliates against all claims, expenses, losses, damages, liabilities and/or judgments of any kind whatsoever that arise out of or relate to MacKenzie's services with certain customary exceptions for willful misconduct and breach. Coeur also will reimburse banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries representing beneficial owners of the shares of Coeur Common Stock for their expenses in forwarding solicitation materials to beneficial owners of our shares of Coeur Common Stock and in obtaining voting instructions from those owners. Our directors, officers and employees may also solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by electronic means. They will not be paid any additional amounts for soliciting proxies.

Q.

Who can help answer my questions?

A:

The information provided above in the question-and-answer format is for your convenience only and is merely a summary of some of the information in this Proxy Statement. You should carefully read the entire proxy statement, including its annexes and other documents incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. If you would like additional copies of this Proxy Statement, without charge, or if you have questions about the Arrangement, including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact Coeur's Investor Relations Department at (312) 489-5800 or investors@coeur.com. You may also contact the proxy solicitor at:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

7 Penn Plaza, Suite 503

New York, NY 10001

(212) 929-5500

(800) 322-2885 (toll free)

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

You may also wish to consult your legal, tax and/or financial advisors with respect to any aspect of the Arrangement, the Arrangement Agreement or other matters discussed in this Proxy Statement. You may also obtain additional information about Coeur from the documents we file with the SEC, or by following the instructions in the "Where You Can Find More Information" section of this Proxy Statement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this Proxy Statement and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To better understand each of the proposals to be submitted for a vote at the special meeting, you should carefully read this Proxy Statement, including its annexes, other documents incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and the other documents referred to by Coeur. See also the "Where You Can Find More Information" section of this Proxy Statement.

The Parties to the Arrangement

Coeur

Founded in 1928, Coeur is a U.S.-based, well-diversified, precious metals producer that operates certain gold and silver mines in the United States, Canada and Mexico, including the Las Chispas silver-gold mine in Sonora, Mexico, the Palmarejo gold and silver complex in Chihuahua, Mexico, the Rochester silver-gold mine in Nevada, the Kensington gold mine in Alaska and the Wharf gold mine in South Dakota. In addition, Coeur wholly-owns the Silvertip exploration project in British Columbia.

Shares of Coeur Common Stock currently trade on the NYSE under the symbol "CDE." Coeur's principal executive offices are located at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Its telephone number is (312) 489-5800 and its website address is www.coeur.com. Information contained on its website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.

Canadian Sub

Canadian Sub is a company formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur formed for the purpose of effecting the Arrangement.

New Gold

New Gold is a Canadian-focused intermediate gold mining company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, with a portfolio of two core producing assets in Canada, the New Afton copper-gold mine and Rainy River gold mine.

New Gold Common Shares are traded on the TSX under the symbol "NGD" and the NYSE American under the symbol "NGD." New Gold's head offices are located at Brookfield Place 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3. Its telephone number is (416) 324-6000 and its website address is www.newgold.com. Information contained on its website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.

Special Meeting of Coeur Stockholders

The Special Meeting

The special meeting will be held entirely online at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM, on January 27, 2026, at 10:00 AM, Central Time, or such other date, time and place to which the special meeting may be adjourned or postponed. Coeur stockholders are being asked to consider and vote on the following proposals in connection with the Arrangement:

(a)

Proposal No. 1 - The Charter Amendment Proposal - to approve the Charter Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares (the "Charter Amendment Proposal"); and

(b)

Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal - to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement (the "Stock Issuance Proposal").

Record Date for the Special Meeting

You can vote at the special meeting all of the shares of Coeur Common Stock you held of record as of the close of business on December 8, 2025, which is the record date for the special meeting. As of the record date, there were 642,106,588 shares of Coeur Common Stock outstanding.

Recommendations of the Coeur Board of Directors

The Coeur Board unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" each of the proposals to be considered and voted upon at the special meeting. In connection with this recommendation, the Coeur Board has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Coeur and its stockholders to issue the shares of Coeur Common Stock in

TABLE OF CONTENTS

connection with the Arrangement and adopt the Charter Amendment, conditioned upon the Closing (as defined below). See "The Arrangement-Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement" and "The Arrangement-Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors" sections of this Proxy Statement for more information about the factors considered by the Coeur Board.

Required Vote

Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal.

The Arrangement

The Arrangement Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, Canadian Sub will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Common Shares with New Gold continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. The Arrangement will be implemented under the BCBCA and requires, among other things, approval of (a) at least 662?3% of the votes cast by New Gold shareholders, and a majority of the votes cast by New Gold shareholders, excluding New Gold Common Shares held by persons required to be excluded under Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions ("MI 61-101") and (b) the Supreme Court of British Columbia. See "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Conditions to Closing" section of this Proxy Statement for more information on the required approvals. After giving effect to the Arrangement, Canadian Sub will own all of the outstanding New Gold Common Shares.

A copy of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement is attached as Annex A to this Proxy Statement. You are urged to read the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement in their entirety because they are the legal documents that govern the Arrangement. For more information on the Arrangement, the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement, see the "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement" section of this Proxy Statement.

Consideration Issuable Pursuant to the Arrangement

Share Consideration

Coeur stockholders will not directly receive any consideration under the Arrangement. If the Arrangement is completed, Canadian Sub will acquire all of the New Gold Common Shares, and each New Gold shareholder (other than New Gold Common Shares held by dissenting New Gold shareholders) will receive 0.4959 of a share of Coeur Common Stock, in exchange for each New Gold Common Share they hold, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Arrangement Agreement, if applicable. Upon completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that former Coeur stockholders will own approximately 62%, and former New Gold shareholders will own approximately 38% of the combined company (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement).

The shares of Coeur Common Stock so issued will have the same rights and privileges as the currently outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock. The shares of Coeur Common Stock do not have any pre-emptive rights.

No fractional shares of Coeur Common Stock will be issued as part of the Arrangement. For more information, see "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Consideration Issuable Pursuant to the Arrangement" of this Proxy Statement.

Treatment of New Gold Equity Awards

New Gold's equity-based awards that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be treated as follows:

(i)

each option to purchase New Gold Common Shares (a "New Gold Option") immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be fully vested and cancelled in exchange for an amount equal to (a) the product of

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(i) the number of New Gold common shares for which such New Gold Options may be exercised and (ii) the volume weighted average share price of the New Gold Common Shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (during continuous trading hours) for the five trading days ending on the third business day prior to the Effective Date less (b) its exercise price,

(ii)

all New Gold DSUs shall be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date),

(iii)

all New Gold PSUs shall be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the long term incentive plan of New Gold effective February 19, 2025 (the "LTIP") (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date) immediately prior to the Effective Time provided that (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the third business day prior to the Effective Date for each New Gold PSU shall be determined based on the terms of the New Gold LTIP and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the third business day prior to the Effective Date for each New Gold PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of New Gold employees who are employed by Coeur, New Gold or any of their respective subsidiaries following the Effective Time ("Continuing Employees"); or (ii) 150% in the case of New Gold employees whose employment with New Gold or any of its subsidiaries is terminated at or immediately prior to the Effective Time ("Non-Continuing Employees"), and

(iv)

all New Gold RSUs shall be treated as follows:

a.

New Gold RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees ("Accelerated RSUs") will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date); and

b.

New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be (1) amended by multiplying each such New Gold RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of New Gold RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment (the "Revised New Gold RSUs"); (2) upon the vesting of such Revised New Gold RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised New Gold RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP, with reference to the trading price of shares of Coeur rather than the New Gold Common Shares and (3) such Revised New Gold RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of the New Gold LTIP and any document evidencing the New Gold RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in the Arrangement Agreement).

For more information, see "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Treatment of New Gold Equity Awards in the Arrangement" of this Proxy Statement.

Non-Solicitation of Alternative Transactions

Except as expressly provided in the Arrangement Agreement, each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed to not, and to cause each of its subsidiaries to not, and shall not authorize any of their respective representatives (including directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents, or other authorized representatives) to solicit alternative business combination transactions.

Conditions to Completion of the Arrangement

The closing of the Arrangement under the Arrangement Agreement is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, (i) the approval of the Arrangement by at least 662?3% of the votes cast by New Gold shareholders, and a majority of the votes cast by New Gold shareholders, excluding New Gold Common Shares held by persons required to be excluded under MI 61-101 (collectively, the "New Gold Shareholder Approval"), at a special meeting of New Gold shareholders scheduled to be held on the same day as the Coeur meeting (the "New Gold Shareholder Meeting"), (ii) the approval of (A) the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock in connection with the Arrangement (the "Stock Issuance") and (B) the amendment of the Coeur Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock (collectively, the "Coeur Stockholder Approval"), in each case by the affirmative vote of Coeur stockholders required by the Coeur Charter and the DGCL at a meeting of

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Coeur stockholders (the "Coeur Stockholder Meeting"), (iii) the approval of the Arrangement by the Court on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Coeur and New Gold, (iv) the authorization for listing of the Coeur Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement on the NYSE, subject only to official notice of issuance and the TSX, subject only to customary listing conditions, (v) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the Arrangement and (vi) the receipt of the Regulatory Approvals.

The obligation of each party to consummate the Arrangement is also conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the other party's representations and warranties being true and correct (generally subject to certain materiality thresholds), (ii) the other party having performed in all material respects its obligations under the Arrangement Agreement, and (iii) the absence of a material adverse effect in respect of the other party.

Termination of the Arrangement Agreement

The Arrangement Agreement contains certain termination rights for both Coeur and New Gold, including, among others, (i) upon the mutual consent by Coeur and New Gold, (ii) by either Coeur or New Gold if (A) the Arrangement shall not have been consummated on or prior to May 15, 2026 (which date, if the Regulatory Approvals have not been obtained and all other conditions to the Closing have been satisfied or waived on such date, will be automatically extended to August 15, 2026), or (B) a final non-appealable law has been enacted, made or enforced prohibiting the Arrangement, provided that the party seeking termination has used its commercially reasonable efforts to appeal or overturn such law or have it lifted or rendered non-applicable, and further provided that such law was not enacted, made, enforced or amended primarily due to that party's failure to perform its covenants under the Arrangement Agreement, (iii) by either Coeur or New Gold if either the New Gold Shareholder Approval or Coeur Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained, (iv) by a party if the other party breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants in the Arrangement Agreement in a manner that would cause the corresponding condition to not be satisfied, subject to certain conditions, (v) by a party if the other party's board of directors changes its recommendation with respect to the Arrangement, (vi) by a party if the other party materially breaches its non-solicitation covenants under the Arrangement Agreement or (vii) by a party in order for such party to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior competing business combination transaction (provided that such party has not materially breached its non-solicitation restrictions).

Termination Fees and Expense Reimbursement

If the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in certain specified circumstances, Coeur or New Gold would be required to pay the other party a termination fee of $413,705,000 and $254,725,000 respectively. In addition, in connection with a termination of the Arrangement Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur or New Gold may be required to reimburse the other party in respect of the reasonable and documented expenses of such party's third party representatives incurred in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement up to a maximum amount of $33,965,000.

Voting Agreements

In connection with the execution of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur has entered into a voting and support agreement (each, a "New Gold Voting Agreement") with each of the directors and certain officers of New Gold, who collectively held approximately 0.1% of the outstanding New Gold Common Shares as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and New Gold has entered into a voting and support agreement (each, a "Coeur Voting Agreement" and together with the New Gold Voting Agreements, the "Voting Agreements") with each of the directors and certain officers of Coeur, who collectively held approximately 1.5% of the outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement. Each Voting Agreement provides that the signatories thereto will, subject to limited exceptions, vote their shares in favor of approving the Arrangement (in the case of New Gold signatories) or adopting the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal (in the case of Coeur signatories), and against certain matters that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement. Such shareholders have also agreed not to exercise any rights of appraisal or rights of dissent provided under any applicable laws, among other things. Each Voting Agreement terminates upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Effective Time, (b) the date the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, and (c) the completion of the Coeur Stockholder Meeting or New Gold Shareholder Meeting, as applicable.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Copies of the forms of the New Gold Voting Agreement and the Coeur Voting Agreement are attached as Schedule E and Schedule F to the Arrangement Agreement, respectively, which is attached hereto as Annex C to this Proxy Statement.

Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement

In evaluating the Arrangement, including the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, the Coeur Board consulted with Coeur's senior management and legal and financial advisors. In recommending that Coeur stockholders vote in favor of each of the proposals, the Coeur Board considered a number of factors that it believed supported its determination. For a more detailed discussion of the reasoning of the Coeur Board, see "The Arrangement-Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement" and "The Arrangement-Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors" sections of this Proxy Statement.

Risk Factors

In evaluating the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement, you should carefully read this Proxy Statement and the documents incorporated herein by reference. In particular, you should consider the factors discussed in the section titled "Risk Factors."

Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors

After careful consideration, the Coeur Board has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Coeur and its stockholders to consummate the Arrangement as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement and adopt the Charter Amendment. Accordingly, the Coeur Board unanimously recommends that Coeur stockholders vote:

• "FOR" the Stock Issuance Proposal; and

• "FOR" the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur

Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.

Coeur has engaged BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. ("BMO Nesbitt Burns"), an affiliate of BMO Capital Markets Corp. ("BMO Capital Markets"), as a financial advisor to Coeur in connection with the Arrangement. In connection with this engagement, BMO Capital Markets delivered a written opinion, dated November 2, 2025, to the Coeur Board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to Coeur of the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement. The full text of BMO Capital Markets' written opinion, dated November 2, 2025, to the Coeur Board, which describes the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of BMO Capital Markets' opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of BMO Capital Markets' opinion. BMO Capital Markets' opinion was provided for the benefit and use of the Coeur Board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Exchange Ratio from a financial point of view to Coeur, and BMO Capital Markets did not express any opinion on any other terms, aspects or implications of the Arrangement. BMO Capital Markets expressed no opinion as to the relative merits of the Arrangement or any other transactions or business strategies as alternatives to the Arrangement or the decision of the Coeur Board to proceed with the Arrangement. BMO Capital Markets' opinion did not constitute a recommendation to the Coeur Board and is not a recommendation to any security holder or any other party as to how to vote or act with respect to the Arrangement or any other proposals or other matters. For additional information, see the section entitled "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp." beginning on page 70 and Annex D to this Proxy Statement.

Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC

Coeur retained RBC Capital Markets, LLC ("RBCCM") to provide its opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Coeur of the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement. RBCCM has delivered an oral opinion to the Coeur Board (which was

TABLE OF CONTENTS

subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of RBCCM's written opinion) to the effect that, as of November 2, 2025, based on and subject to the assumptions, qualifications, limitations and other matters set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Coeur.

RBCCM's advice (written or oral) and opinion were provided for the benefit, information, and assistance of the Coeur Board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Arrangement. RBCCM's opinion did not address the underlying business decision of Coeur to engage in the Arrangement or the relative merits of the Arrangement compared to any alternative business strategy or transaction that may be available to Coeur or in which Coeur might engage. RBCCM's opinion does not constitute an opinion or recommendation to any holder of Coeur Common Stock as to how any such holder should vote or act with respect to the Arrangement or any proposal to be voted upon in connection with the Arrangement or otherwise.

The full text of RBCCM's written opinion, dated November 2, 2025, is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex E, and constitutes part of this Proxy Statement. The opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications of the review undertaken by RBCCM in rendering its opinion.

For a further discussion of RBCCM's opinion, Coeur's relationship with RBCCM and the terms of RBCCM's engagement, see "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC" beginning on page 78 of this Proxy Statement.

Board of Directors Following the Arrangement

Coeur has agreed with New Gold that it will take all actions necessary to provide that, as of the Effective Time, Patrick Godin and an additional member of New Gold's board of directors shall be appointed to the Coeur Board and at the next annual general meeting of Coeur held to consider the election of directors that occurs following the Effective Date, Patrick Godin and an additional member of New Gold's board of directors shall be nominated by Coeur for election as directors of Coeur, provided that (i) such nominees meet any applicable qualification requirements to serve as directors under applicable laws, and (ii) such nominees have each delivered to Coeur a consent to act as a director of Coeur.

Coeur anticipates that the current members of its board of directors shall continue to serve as directors of the combined company. Accordingly, immediately following the completion of the Arrangement, the board of directors of the combined company will consist of: Linda L. Adamany, Pierre Beaudoin, Paramita Das, N. Eric Fier, Patrick Godin, Jeane L. Hull, Mitchell J. Krebs, Eduardo Luna, Robert E. Mellor, Kenneth Thompson and another director of New Gold to be determined.

Management Following the Arrangement

Coeur anticipates the current members of its management team shall continue to serve as officers of the combined company immediately following the completion of the Arrangement: Mitchell J. Krebs, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Thomas S. Whelan, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Michael Routledge, Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer, Casey M. Nault, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary, Emilie C. Schouten, Senior Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer, and Aoife McGrath, Senior Vice President, Exploration.

Interests of Coeur Directors and Executive Officers in the Arrangement

In considering the recommendation of the Coeur Board that you vote "FOR" each of the proposals, you should be aware that certain of Coeur's directors and executive officers have interests in the Arrangement that may be different from, or in addition to, those of Coeur stockholders generally. The Coeur Board was aware of and considered these interests when it approved the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and unanimously recommended that Coeur stockholders vote "FOR" each of the proposals. Such interests include that certain current directors and executive officers of Coeur are expected to continue as directors and executive officers of Coeur following the consummation of the Arrangement.

In addition, each of the directors and certain officers of Coeur, who collectively held approximately 1.5% of the outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement have entered into Coeur Voting Agreements. Each such Coeur Voting Agreement provides that the signatories thereto will, subject to limited

TABLE OF CONTENTS

exceptions, vote their shares in favor of adopting the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, and against certain matters that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement. See "The Arrangement -Voting Agreements."

Accounting Treatment

Coeur prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and New Gold prepares its financial statements in accordance with IFRS. In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805, Business Combinations, Coeur will be treated as the acquirer for accounting purposes and will account for the Arrangement as an acquisition of a business, which requires the determination of the acquirer, the purchase price, the acquisition date, the fair value of assets and liabilities of the acquiree and the measurement of goodwill, if any.

Shareholder Approvals

Coeur Stockholder Approvals

At the special meeting, Coeur stockholders will be required to consider and vote on the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal. The Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal will be required to be approved by the Coeur stockholders in order for the Arrangement to be completed. Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal.

New Gold Shareholder Approval

At the New Gold Shareholder Meeting, New Gold shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on a special resolution to approve the Arrangement. In order for the Arrangement to become effective, the Arrangement resolution must be approved by (i) at least 662?3% of the votes cast by the shareholders of New Gold present (virtually or in person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting, and (ii) a majority of the votes cast by New Gold shareholders present (virtually or in person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting, excluding the New Gold Common Shares held by persons required to be excluded under MI 61-101.

Court Approval

The Arrangement requires approval by the Court under Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA. In accordance with the Arrangement Agreement, the Interim Order hearing is anticipated to be on a date that is on or about 15 calendar days immediately following the date of filing of this Proxy Statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") (subject to obtaining clearance of this Proxy Statement by the SEC). Under the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold is required to diligently pursue an application for a Final Order pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA as soon as reasonably practicable if the Interim Order and the requisite New Gold Shareholder Approval and Coeur Stockholder Approval are obtained, but in any event, no later than four business days after the approval of the Arrangement by the New Gold shareholders. The Court hearing in respect of the Final Order is expected to take place two to three business days following the date of the New Gold Shareholder Meeting.

Regulatory Approvals

It is a mutual condition precedent to the consummation of the Arrangement that the Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained.

Stock Exchange Listing Approval

Coeur expects to obtain approval to list the shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued as consideration in connection with the Arrangement on the NYSE and TSX, and such approvals are conditions to Closing. Coeur's shares of Coeur Common Stock are currently listed on the NYSE. Accordingly, Coeur will submit an application to the NYSE to have the additional shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement approved for listing on the NYSE. In addition, Coeur will submit an application to list its shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX. Upon listing its shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX, Coeur will be required to comply with the TSX's ongoing listing requirements, including those set out in the TSX Company Manual.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

New Gold Common Shares are listed on the TSX and NYSE American and the completion of the Arrangement is subject to the prior conditional approval of the TSX. Following completion of the Arrangement the New Gold Common Shares will be delisted from the TSX and NYSE American.

No Appraisal Rights

Under the DGCL, holders of shares of Coeur Common Stock are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Arrangement or any of the matters to be acted on at the special meeting.

Litigation Related to the Arrangement

After filing its Preliminary Proxy Statement on December 3, 2025, Coeur received demand letters from purported stockholders alleging that Coeur and certain of its directors and officers violated Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with the disclosures relating to the Arrangement. The demands assert that Coeur's disclosures were incomplete and misleading. Coeur does not believe that the allegations in these demand letters are meritorious and intends to defend against them vigorously.

Who Can Answer Your Questions About Voting Your Shares

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the various voting options with respect to the special meeting, please contact Coeur's proxy solicitor:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

7 Penn Plaza, Suite 503

New York, NY 10001

(212) 929-5500

(800) 322-2885 (toll free)

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT IFRS TO U.S. GAAP DIFFERENCES AND ACCOUNTING POLICY ALIGNMENT

The financial information of New Gold included in this Proxy Statement has been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") ("IFRS") and condensed interim financial information has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 34 - Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the IASB. Certain differences exist between IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which might be material to the financial information included in this Proxy Statement.

The principal differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP which might be material in the preparation of New Gold's consolidated financial statements are described below. The following summary does not include all differences that exist between IFRS and U.S. GAAP and is not intended to provide a comprehensive listing of all such differences specifically related to Coeur, New Gold or the industry in which Coeur and New Gold operate.

The differences described below reflect only those differences in accounting principles and policies in force at the time of the preparation of the historical financial information of New Gold included in this Proxy Statement. There has been no attempt to identify future differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP as the result of prescribed changes in accounting standards, transactions or events that may occur in the future.

Reclamation and remediation liabilities

Under IFRS, reclamation and remediation liabilities are generally measured as the best estimate of the expenditure to settle the obligation utilizing a present value technique to estimate the liability, adjusted for inflation, associated with reclamation as a liability, at a risk-free rate, when the liability is incurred. Subsequently, period-to-period revisions for changes in the estimate of expected undiscounted cash flows or discount rate are re-measured for the entire obligation by using an updated discount rate that reflects current market conditions as of the balance sheet date.

Under U.S. GAAP, the initial recognition of the reclamation and remediation liability is recognized at fair value, generally utilizing a present value technique to estimate the liability discounted at a credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate, and further adjusted for inflation and market risk premium. Subsequently, period-to-period revisions to either the timing or amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows are treated as separate layers of the obligation.

Gold stream obligation

Under IFRS, the Gold Stream Obligation is recorded as a financial liability measured at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ("FVTPL"), whereas under U.S. GAAP, it is accounted for as deferred revenue that is amortized over the delivery schedule and is not subsequently remeasured at FVTPL.

Capitalized Stripping Costs

Under IFRS, certain stripping costs incurred during the production phase are capitalized as part of mineral property assets when they provide improved access to ore reserves. These costs are subsequently amortized over the expected useful life of the improved access.

In contrast, under U.S. GAAP, stripping costs incurred during the production phase are generally expensed as incurred and included in cost of sales. U.S. GAAP does not permit capitalization of such costs unless they meet specific development criteria.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information ("Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information") has been prepared based on the historical audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of Coeur and New Gold, as indicated below, and is intended to provide information about how the Arrangement might have affected Coeur's historical financial statements.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations ("Unaudited Pro Forma Statement of Operations") for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2025, combine the historical audited and unaudited consolidated statements of operations of Coeur for the corresponding periods, with the respective historical audited and unaudited consolidated income statements of New Gold, as if the Arrangement had occurred on January 1, 2024. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet ("Unaudited Pro Forma Balance Sheet") as of September 30, 2025, combines the historical unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Coeur and the historical audited consolidated statement of financial position of New Gold each as of September 30, 2025, as if the Arrangement had occurred on September 30, 2025.

The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information has been developed from and should be read in conjunction with:

• the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma financial information;

• the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Coeur for the year ended December 31, 2024, included in Coeur's annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2025 (amended on May 6, 2025);

• the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations of Coeur and SilverCrest as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, included in Coeur's Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2025;

• the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Coeur for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, included in Coeur's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2025;

• the historical audited consolidated financial statements of New Gold for the year ended December 31, 2024, included in New Gold's annual report on Form 40-F, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2025;

• the historical unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of New Gold for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, included in New Gold's interim report on Form 6-K, filed with the SEC on October 28, 2025; and

• other information relating to Coeur and New Gold contained in or incorporated by reference into this document. See the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information."

The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented using the acquisition method of accounting, with Coeur as the acquirer of New Gold. See section entitled "The Arrangement-Accounting Treatment" beginning on page 92 of this Proxy Statement. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the underlying tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed of New Gold based on their respective fair market values with any excess purchase price allocated to goodwill.

The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only. The information has been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the SEC as amended by the final rule, Release No. 33-10786 "Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses," using the assumptions set forth in the notes to the unaudited pro forma financial information. The information has been adjusted to include estimated Arrangement accounting adjustments, which reflect the application of the accounting required by U.S. GAAP.

The information is not necessarily indicative of the financial position and results of operations that actually would have been achieved had the Arrangement occurred as of the dates indicated herein, nor do they purport to project the future financial position and operating results of the combined company. The unaudited pro forma financial information also does not reflect the costs of any integration activities or cost savings or synergies expected to be achieved as a result of the Arrangement, which are described in the section entitled "The Arrangement-Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement" beginning on page 67 of this Proxy Statement, and, accordingly, do not attempt to predict or suggest future results.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Coeur Mining, Inc.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet

As of September 30, 2025













































In thousands, except share data





Historical

Coeur





Reclassified

Historical

New Gold

(Note 3)





IFRS to U.S.

GAAP and

Accounting

Policy

Adjustments

(Note 4)





(Note)





Arrangement

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 5)





(Note)





Pro Forma

Combined

ASSETS





























CURRENT ASSETS





























Cash and cash equivalents





$266,342





$123,300





$-









$-









$389,642

Receivables





67,715





31,300





-









-









99,015

Inventory





156,666





138,300





-









106,604





5(b)





401,570

Ore on leach pads





143,126





-





-









-









143,126

Prepaid expenses and other





33,321





10,400





-









-









43,721





667,170





303,300





-









106,604









1,077,074

NON-CURRENT ASSETS





























Property, plant and equipment and mining properties, net





2,772,267





1,998,600





(45,776)





4(a)(d)





2,949,824





5(c)





7,674,915

Goodwill





632,380





-





-









3,056,135





5(e)





3,688,515

Ore on leach pads





107,576





-





-









-









107,576

Non-current inventory





-





59,900





-









260,697





5(b)





320,597

Restricted assets





9,129





-





-









-









9,129

Receivables





14,266





-





-









-









14,266

Deferred tax assets





239,214





-





-









-









239,214

Other





70,160





7,200





-









-









77,360

TOTAL ASSETS





$4,512,162





$2,369,000





$(45,776)









$6,373,260









$ 13,208,646

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY





























CURRENT LIABILITIES





























Accounts payable





$136,753





$233,500





$(77,200)





4(b)





$-









$293,053

Accrued liabilities and other





155,188





102,800





-









34,000





5(a)





291,988

Debt





24,859





-





-









-









24,859

Reclamation





16,954





8,600





-









-









25,554





333,754





344,900





(77,200)









34,000









635,454

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES





























Debt





338,657





394,000





-









-









732,657

Reclamation





259,270





115,300





1,382





4(a)





-









375,952

Deferred tax liabilities





420,438





76,500





74,553





4(f)





944,970





5(f)





1,516,461

Other long-term liabilities





66,261





198,700





(187,312)





4(b)





-









77,649





1,084,626





784,500





(111,377)









944,970









2,702,719

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES





























STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY





























Common stock, par value $0.01 per share





6,422





3,337,000





-









(3,333,074)





5(d)





10,348

Additional paid-in capital





5,778,718





65,600





-









6,741,164





5(d)





12,585,482

Accumulated deficit





(2,691,358)





(2,163,000)





142,801





4(b)(d)





1,986,200





5(d)





(2,725,357)





3,093,782





1,239,600





142,801









5,394,290









9,870,473

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY





$4,512,162





$2,369,000





$(45,776)









$6,373,260









$ 13,208,646













































TABLE OF CONTENTS

Coeur Mining, Inc.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025













































In thousands





Historical

Coeur

Adjusted

for

SilverCrest

(Note 6)





Reclassified

Historical

New Gold

(Note 3)





IFRS to U.S.

GAAP and

Accounting

Policy

Adjustments

(Note 4)





(Note)





Arrangement

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 5)





(Note)





Pro Forma

Combined

Revenue





$ 1,450,256





$980,000





$18,622





4(b)





$-









$ 2,448,878

COSTS AND EXPENSES





























Costs applicable to sales(1)





615,512





345,600





87,641





4(b)(d)





19,552





5(b)





1,068,305

Amortization





197,445





193,000





(55,877)





4(a)(d)





116,277





5(c)





450,845

General and administrative





53,442





39,100





-









3,264





5(g)





95,806

Exploration





68,412





28,200





-









-









96,612

Pre-development, reclamation, and other





26,497





6,200





2,810





4(a)





-









35,507

Total costs and expenses





961,308





612,100





34,574









139,093









1,747,075

Income from operations





488,948





367,900





(15,952)









(139,093)









701,803

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET





























Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment





(6)





-





(22,800)





4(c)





-









(22,806)

Fair value adjustments, net





6,301





(98,300)





65,300





4(b)(c)





-









(26,699)

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest





(24,875)





(32,700)





-









-









(57,575)

Other, net





1,052





(4,800)





-









-









(3,748)

Total other income (expense), net





(17,528)





(135,800)





42,500









-









(110,828)

Income (loss) before income and mining taxes





471,420





232,100





26,548









(139,093)









590,975

Income and mining tax (expense) benefit





14,718





(37,900)





(9,539)





4(f)





9,601





5(f)





(23,120)

NET INCOME (LOSS)





$486,138





$194,200





$17,009









$ (129,492)









$567,855

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):





























Loss on revaluation of non-current derivative financial liabilities





-





(8,500)





8,500





4(b)





-









-

Accumulated other comprehensive income reclassified to earnings





-





-





10,200





4(c)





-









10,200

Accumulated other comprehensive income reclassified to retained earnings





-





200





(200)





4(c)





-









-

Other comprehensive income (loss)





-





(8,300)





18,500









-









10,200

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)





$486,138





$185,900





$35,509









$ (129,492)









$578,055













































TABLE OF CONTENTS













































In thousands





Historical

Coeur

Adjusted

for

SilverCrest

(Note 6)





Reclassified

Historical

New Gold

(Note 3)





IFRS to U.S.

GAAP and

Accounting

Policy

Adjustments

(Note 4)





(Note)





Arrangement

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 5)





(Note)





Pro Forma

Combined

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE





























Basic income (loss) per share:





























Basic





$ 0.76





















5(h)





$ 0.55

Diluted





$ 0.75





















5(h)





$ 0.55













































(1) Excludes amortization.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Coeur Mining, Inc.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended December 31, 2024













































In thousands





Historical

Coeur

Adjusted

for

SilverCrest

(Note 6)





Reclassified

Historical

New Gold

(Note 3)





IFRS to U.S.

GAAP and

Accounting

Policy

Adjustments

(Note 4)





(Note)





Arrangement

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 5)





(Note)





Pro Forma

Combined

Revenue





$ 1,355,934





$924,500





$44,134





4(b)





$-









$ 2,324,568

COSTS AND EXPENSES





























Costs applicable to sales(1)





778,465





436,300





70,401





4(b)(d)





106,604





5(b)





1,391,770

Amortization





265,487





247,800





(60,943)





4(a)(d)





164,569





5(c)





616,913

General and administrative





62,993





38,600





-









13,054





5(g)





114,647

Exploration





61,267





19,800





-









-









81,067

Pre-development, reclamation, and other





65,130





3,600





4,073





4(a)





34,000





5(a)





106,803

Total costs and expenses





1,233,342





746,100





13,531









318,227









2,311,200

Income from operations





$122,592





$178,400





$30,603









$ (318,227)









$13,368

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET





























Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment





417





42,300





13,005





4(c)





-









55,722

Fair value adjustments, net





(6,902)





(138,800)





(82,900)





4(b)(c)





-









(228,602)

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest





(51,947)





(6,300)





-









-









(58,247)

Other, net





16,335





7,600





-









-









23,935

Total other income (expense), net





(42,097)





(95,200)





(69,895)









-









(207,192)

Income (loss) before income and mining taxes





80,495





83,200





(39,292)









(318,227)









(193,824)

Income and mining tax (expense) benefit





(93,539)





19,400





16,877





4(f)





99,237





5(f)





41,975

NET INCOME (LOSS)





$(13,044)





$102,600





$(22,415)









$ (218,990)









$(151,849)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):





























Change in fair value of derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges





(18,507)





-





-









-









(18,507)

Reclassification adjustments for realized (gain) loss on cash flow hedges





17,176





-





-









-









17,176

Loss on revaluation of non-current derivative financial liabilities





-





(9,800)





(200)





4(b)(c)





-









(10,000)

Accumulated other comprehensive income reclassified to earnings





-





-





124,500





4(c)





-









124,500

Other comprehensive income (loss)





(1,331)





(9,800)





124,300









-









113,169

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)





$(14,375)





$92,800





$ 101,885









$ (218,990)









$(38,680)













































TABLE OF CONTENTS













































In thousands





Historical

Coeur

Adjusted

for

SilverCrest

(Note 6)





Reclassified

Historical

New Gold

(Note 3)





IFRS to U.S.

GAAP and

Accounting

Policy

Adjustments

(Note 4)





(Note)





Arrangement

Accounting

Adjustments

(Note 5)





(Note)





Pro Forma

Combined

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE





























Basic income (loss) per share:





























Basic





$ (0.02)





-





-





-





-





5(h)





$ (0.15)

Diluted





$ (0.02)





-





-





-





-





5(h)





$ (0.15)













































(1) Excludes amortization.

1. Description of the Transaction

On November 2, 2025, Coeur Mining, New Gold, and 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and a wholly owned subsidiary of Coeur ("Canadian Sub"), entered into an Arrangement Agreement (the "Arrangement Agreement"), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Coeur has agreed to acquire New Gold in a stock-for-stock transaction, subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The transaction will be effected by way of a plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the "Plan of Arrangement").

2. Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited pro forma financial information presents the unaudited pro forma statements of operations and unaudited pro forma balance sheet of Coeur, which give effect to the acquisition of SilverCrest completed on February 14, 2025, prepared in accordance with Article 11 of SEC Regulation S-X, as amended by the final rule, Release No. 33-10786 "Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses". Coeur and New Gold prepare their consolidated financial statements on the basis of a fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The unaudited pro forma statements of operations were prepared using:

• the historical unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations of Coeur for the nine months ended September 30, 2025;

• the historical audited consolidated statement of operations of Coeur for the year ended December 31, 2024;

• the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations of Coeur and SilverCrest for the year ended December 31, 2024;

• the historical unaudited condensed interim consolidated statement of earnings of New Gold for the nine months ended September 30, 2025; and

• the historical audited consolidated statement of earnings of New Gold for the year ended December 31, 2024.

The historical audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of Coeur are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations of Coeur and SilverCrest are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars. The historical audited consolidated financial statements of New Gold are prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB and the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements of New Gold are prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and are reported in U.S. dollars.

The unaudited pro forma statements of operations and the unaudited pro forma balance sheet give effect to the Arrangement as if it had occurred on January 1, 2024, and September 30, 2025, respectively.

The Arrangement will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, as prescribed in Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations, ("ASC 805"), under U.S. GAAP, which requires an allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their fair values as of the date of the

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Arrangement. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, Coeur has not completed the detailed valuation study necessary to arrive at the required final estimates of the fair value of New Gold's assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed and the related allocations of purchase price.

Material adjustments have been made to reflect New Gold's historical audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements on a U.S. GAAP basis for purposes of unaudited pro forma financial information and to align New Gold's historical significant accounting policies under IFRS to Coeur's significant accounting policies under U.S. GAAP. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, Coeur has not identified all adjustments necessary to convert New Gold's historical audited and unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS to U.S. GAAP and to conform New Gold's accounting policies to Coeur's accounting policies.

A final determination of the fair value of New Gold's assets and liabilities, including property, plant and mine development, will be based on the actual property, plant and mine development of New Gold that exist as of the closing date of the Arrangement and, therefore, cannot be made prior to the consummation of the Arrangement. In addition, the value of the purchase consideration to be paid by Coeur upon the consummation of the Arrangement will be determined based on the closing price of Coeur's common stock on the Arrangement date. As a result of the foregoing, the pro forma adjustments are preliminary and are subject to change as additional information becomes available and as additional analysis is performed. The preliminary pro forma adjustments have been made solely for the purpose of providing the unaudited pro forma financial information presented herein. Coeur has estimated the fair value of New Gold's assets and liabilities based on discussions with New Gold's management, preliminary valuation studies, due diligence and information presented in New Gold's filings with Canadian securities authorities and the SEC.

Until the Arrangement is implemented, both companies are limited in their ability to share certain information. Upon implementation of the Arrangement, a final determination of the fair value of New Gold's assets and liabilities will be performed. Any increases or decreases in the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon completion of the final valuations will result in adjustments to the unaudited pro forma balance sheet and unaudited pro forma statements of operations. The final purchase price allocation may be materially different than that reflected in the pro forma purchase price allocation presented herein.

Purchase Consideration

The total preliminary estimated purchase price of approximately $6,810.7 million was determined as of November 28, 2025, based on New Gold's issued and outstanding common shares, which includes equity awards outstanding under New Gold's incentive compensation plans that are expected to be replaced pursuant to the Arrangement. The number of shares of Coeur common stock to be issued is based on the number of New Gold common shares outstanding multiplied by the 0.4959 exchange ratio.

The final purchase consideration will be based on the actual closing price per share of Coeur common stock on the closing date, which could differ materially from the assumed Coeur common stock price used to estimate purchase consideration for the purposes of the unaudited pro forma financial information. For purposes of the unaudited pro forma financial information, such common stock and equity awards are assumed to remain outstanding as of the closing date of the Arrangement. Further, no effect has been given to any other new New Gold common shares or other equity awards that may be issued or granted subsequent to the date of this Proxy Statement and before the closing date of the Arrangement. In all cases in which Coeur's closing stock price is a determining factor in arriving at the final purchase consideration, the stock price assumed for the total preliminary purchase price is the closing price of Coeur's common stock on November 28, 2025 ($17.27 per share), the most recent date practicable prior to the mail date of this Proxy Statement. A hypothetical 10 percent change in Coeur's closing stock price as of November 28, 2025, would have an approximate $681.1 million impact on the purchase price, which would result in $681.1 million additional goodwill or a reduction to goodwill of $681.1 million.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                                          ? ? ?           ? ? ?         ? ? ?
(in thousands, except for share and per share data)                        ? ? Shares      ? ? Per Share ? ? PreliminaryPurchaseConsideration
Stock Consideration                                                        ? ?             ? ?           ? ?  
Shares of Coeur exchanged for New Gold issued and outstandingcommon shares ? ? 392,610,973 ? ? $ 17.27   ? ? $ 6,780,392
Fair value of replacement stock-based compensation awarded (1)             ? ?             ? ?           ? ? 30,298
Total Preliminary Purchase Consideration                                   ? ?             ? ?           ? ? $ 6,810,690
?                                                                          ? ? ?           ? ? ?         ? ? ?


(1) Represents 2.8 million shares of Coeur restricted stock-based compensation awards granted as replacement awards for New Gold restricted awards outstanding.

Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation

The table below summarizes the preliminary allocation of purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of New Gold for the purposes of the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information as if the Arrangement had occurred on September 30, 2025:

?                                                        ? ? ?
                                                         ? ? (in thousands)
Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation                    ? ?  
Cash and Cash equivalents                                ? ? $123,300
Receivables                                              ? ? 31,300
Inventory                                                ? ? 244,904
Prepaid expenses and other                               ? ? 10,400
Property, plant and equipment and mining properties, net ? ? 4,902,648
Non-current inventories                                  ? ? 320,597
Other                                                    ? ? 7,200
Total Assets                                             ? ? 5,640,349
Accounts payable                                         ? ? 156,300
Accrued liabilities and other                            ? ? 102,800
Reclamation - current                                    ? ? 8,600
Debt                                                     ? ? 394,000
Reclamation                                              ? ? 116,682
Deferred tax liabilities                                 ? ? 1,096,037
Other long-term liabilities                              ? ? 11,388
Total Liabilities                                        ? ? 1,885,807
Net assets acquired (a)                                  ? ? 3,754,542
Estimated purchase consideration (b)                     ? ? 6,810,690
Estimated goodwill (b) - (a)                             ? ? $ 3,056,148
?                                                        ? ? ?


The Goodwill balance is composed of amounts attributable to the assembled workforce, potential strategic and financial benefits, including the financial flexibility to execute capital priorities, and new book to tax basis differences of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

3. New Gold Historical Financial Statements

New Gold's historical audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements as described above are presented under IFRS in U.S. dollars. The reclassified historical balances reflect certain reclassifications of New Gold's consolidated income statements and consolidated statement of financial position categories to conform to Coeur's presentation in its consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet. In addition, material adjustments have been made to align New Gold's historical significant accounting policies under IFRS to Coeur's significant accounting policies under U.S. GAAP. Further review may identify additional reclassifications that could have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma financial information of the combined group. The reclassifications identified and presented in the unaudited pro forma financial information are based on discussions with New Gold's management, due diligence and information presented in New Gold's filings with Canadian securities authorities and the SEC. Until the Arrangement is implemented, both companies are limited in their ability to share certain information. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, Coeur is not aware of any additional reclassifications that would have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma financial information that are not reflected in the pro forma adjustments.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The reclassifications are summarized below:

Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As of September 30, 2025

?                                            ? ? ?                  ? ? ?                           ? ? ?      ? ? ?                              ?
USD in thousands                             ? ?                    ? ?                             ? ?        ? ?                                ?
New Gold FinancialStatement Line             ? ? HistoricalNew Gold ? ? ReclassificationAdjustments ? ? Notes  ? ? ReclassifiedHistoricalNew Gold ? ? Coeur FinancialStatement Line
ASSETS                                       ? ?                    ? ?                             ? ?        ? ?                                ? ?  
Current assets                               ? ?                    ? ?                             ? ?        ? ?                                ? ?  
Cash and cash equivalents                    ? ? $123,300           ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $123,300                       ? ? Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables                  ? ? 31,300             ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? 31,300                         ? ? Receivables - current
Inventories                                  ? ? 138,300            ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? 138,300                        ? ? Inventory
Prepaid expenses and other                   ? ? 9,400              ? ? 1,000                       ? ? (a)    ? ? 10,400                         ? ? Prepaid expenses and other
Investments                                  ? ? 1,000              ? ? (1,000)                     ? ? (a)    ? ? -                              ? ? Total Current assets
Total Current assets                         ? ? $303,300           ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $303,300                       ? ?  
Mining interests                             ? ? 2,003,500          ? ? (4,900)                     ? ? (b)    ? ? 1,998,600                      ? ? Property, plant and equipment and mining properties, net
Non-current inventories                      ? ? 59,900             ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? 59,900                         ? ? Non-current inventories
Other assets                                 ? ? 2,300              ? ? 4,900                       ? ? (b)    ? ? 7,200                          ? ? Other
Total assets                                 ? ? $2,369,000         ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $2,369,000                     ? ? Total assets
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                       ? ?                    ? ?                             ? ?        ? ?                                ? ?  
Current liabilities                          ? ?                    ? ?                             ? ?        ? ?                                ? ?  
Trade and other payables                     ? ? $243,800           ? ? $(10,300)                   ? ? (c)(d) ? ? $233,500                       ? ? Accounts payable
Gold prepayment obligation                   ? ? 97,800             ? ? 5,000                       ? ? (d)(e) ? ? 102,800                        ? ? Accrued liabilities and other
Current income tax payable                   ? ? 3,300              ? ? (3,300)                     ? ? (e)    ? ? -                              ? ?  
                                             ? ? -                  ? ? 8,600                       ? ? (c)    ? ? 8,600                          ? ? Reclamation - current
Total current liabilities                    ? ? $344,900           ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $344,900                       ? ?  
Reclamation and closure cost obligations     ? ? 115,300            ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? 115,300                        ? ? Reclamation
Non-current derivative financial liabilities ? ? 187,300            ? ? (187,300)                   ? ? (f)    ? ? -                              ? ?  
Long-term debt                               ? ? 394,000            ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? 394,000                        ? ? Debt
Deferred tax liabilities                     ? ? 76,500             ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? 76,500                         ? ? Deferred tax liabilities
Lease obligations                            ? ? 1,700              ? ? (1,700)                     ? ? (f)    ? ? -                              ? ?  
Other liabilities                            ? ? 9,700              ? ? 189,000                     ? ? (f)    ? ? 198,700                        ? ? Other long-term liabilities
Total liabilities                            ? ? $1,129,400         ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $1,129,400                     ? ?  
Equity                                       ? ?                    ? ?                             ? ?        ? ?                                ? ?  
Common shares                                ? ? $3,337,000         ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $3,337,000                     ? ? Common stock
Contributed surplus                          ? ? 105,100            ? ? (39,500)                    ? ? (g)    ? ? 65,600                         ? ? Additional paid-in capital
Other reserves                               ? ? (39,500)           ? ? 39,500                      ? ? (g)    ? ? -                              ? ?  
Deficit                                      ? ? (2,163,000)        ? ? -                           ? ?        ? ? (2,163,000)                    ? ? Accumulated deficit
Total equity                                 ? ? $1,239,600         ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $1,239,600                     ? ?  
Total liabilities and equity                 ? ? $2,369,000         ? ? $-                          ? ?        ? ? $2,369,000                     ? ? Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
?                                            ? ? ?                  ? ? ?                           ? ? ?      ? ? ?                              ? ? ?


(a)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's current investments, historically included in investments, to prepaid expenses and other at Coeur.

(b)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's right-of-use assets historically included in mining interests to other at Coeur.

(c)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's current portion of reclamation and closure cost obligations historically included in trade and other payables to reclamation at Coeur.

(d)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's current portion of lease liabilities historically included in trade and other payables to accrued liabilities and other at Coeur.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(e)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's current income tax payable and gold prepayment obligations historically included in current income tax payable and gold prepayment obligations respectively to accrued liabilities and other at Coeur.

(f)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's lease obligations and non-current derivative financial liabilities historically included in lease obligations and non-current derivative financial liabilities respectively to other long-term liabilities at Coeur.

(g)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's other reserves historically included in other reserves to additional paid-in capital at Coeur.

Condensed Interim Consolidated Income Statement

For the nine months ended September 30, 2025

USD in thousands

?                                                  ? ? ?                  ? ? ?                            ? ? ?         ? ? ?                              ? ? ?
New Gold Financial Statement Line                  ? ? HistoricalNew Gold ? ? ReclassificationsAdjustments ? ? Notes     ? ? ReclassifiedHistoricalNew Gold ? ? Coeur FinancialStatement Line
Revenues                                           ? ? $?980,000          ? ? $?-                          ? ?           ? ? $980,000                       ? ? Revenue
Operating expenses                                 ? ? 345,600            ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 345,600                        ? ? Costs applicable to sales
Depreciation and depletion                         ? ? 192,700            ? ? 300                          ? ? (a)       ? ? 193,000                        ? ? Amortization
Revenue less cost of goods sold                    ? ? 441,700            ? ? (300)                        ? ?           ? ? 441,400                        ? ?  
Corporate administration                           ? ? 18,500             ? ? 20,600                       ? ? (b)       ? ? 39,100                         ? ? General and administrative
Corporate restructuring                            ? ? 3,300              ? ? 2,900                        ? ? (c)       ? ? 6,200                          ? ? Pre-development, reclamation, and other
Share-based payment expenses                       ? ? 20,600             ? ? (20,600)                     ? ? (b)       ? ? -                              ? ?  
New Afton free cash flow interest (income) expense ? ? 2,800              ? ? (2,800)                      ? ? (e)       ? ? -                              ? ?  
Exploration and business development               ? ? 28,200             ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 28,200                         ? ? Exploration
Earnings from operations                           ? ? 368,300            ? ? (400)                        ? ?           ? ? 367,900                        ? ? Income (loss) from operations
Finance income                                     ? ? 4,000              ? ? (4,000)                      ? ? (e)       ? ? -                              ? ?  
                                                   ? ? -                  ? ? (98,300)                     ? ? (d)       ? ? (98,300)                       ? ? Fair value adjustments, net
Finance costs                                      ? ? (37,100)           ? ? 4,400                        ? ? (a)(c)(e) ? ? (32,700)                       ? ? Interest expense, net of capitalized interest
Other losses                                       ? ? (103,100)          ? ? 98,300                       ? ? (d)       ? ? (4,800)                        ? ? Other, net
Earnings before taxes                              ? ? 232,100            ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 232,100                        ? ? Income (loss) before income and mining taxes
Income tax (expense) recovery                      ? ? (37,900)           ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? (37,900)                       ? ? Income and mining tax (expense) benefit
Net earnings                                       ? ? $194,200           ? ? $-                           ? ?           ? ? $ 194,200                      ? ? Net income (loss)
?                                                  ? ? ?                  ? ? ?                            ? ? ?         ? ? ?                              ? ? ?


(a)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's interest expense on lease, historically included in finance costs expenses, to amortization at Coeur.

(b)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's share-based payment expenses, historically included in share-based payment expenses, to general and administrative at Coeur.

(c)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's unwinding of discount on reclamation obligation, historically included in finance costs, to pre-development, reclamation, and other at Coeur.

(d)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's gains and losses for financial and derivative assets and liabilities, historically included in other losses to fair value adjustments, net.

(e)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's New Afton free cash flow interest (income) expense and finance income, historically included in New Afton free cash flow interest (income) expense and finance income, to interest expense, net of capitalized interest at Coeur.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Condensed Consolidated Income Statement

For the year ended December 31, 2024

USD in thousands

?                                    ? ? ?                  ? ? ?                            ? ? ?         ? ? ?                               ? ? ?
New Gold Financial Statement Line    ? ? HistoricalNew Gold ? ? ReclassificationsAdjustments ? ? Notes     ? ? Reclassified HistoricalNew Gold ? ? Coeur FinancialStatement Line
Revenues                             ? ? $ 924,500          ? ? $-                           ? ?           ? ? $924,500                        ? ? Revenue
Operating expenses                   ? ? 436,300            ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 436,300                         ? ? Costs applicable to sales
Depreciation and depletion           ? ? 247,500            ? ? 300                          ? ? (a)       ? ? 247,800                         ? ? Amortization
Revenue less cost of goods sold      ? ? 240,700            ? ? (300)                        ? ?           ? ? 240,400                         ? ?  
Corporate administration             ? ? 24,900             ? ? 13,700                       ? ? (b)       ? ? 38,600                          ? ? General and administrative
Share-based payment expenses         ? ? 13,700             ? ? (13,700)                     ? ? (b)       ? ? -                               ? ?  
Exploration and business development ? ? 19,800             ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 19,800                          ? ? Exploration
                                     ? ? -                  ? ? 3,600                        ? ? (c)       ? ? 3,600                           ? ? Pre-development, reclamation, and other
Earnings from operations             ? ? 182,300            ? ? (3,900)                      ? ?           ? ? 178,400                         ? ? Income (loss) from operations
Finance income                       ? ? 6,900              ? ? (6,900)                      ? ? (f)       ? ? -                               ? ?  
                                     ? ? -                  ? ? 42,300                       ? ? (d)       ? ? 42,300                          ? ? Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment
                                     ? ? -                  ? ? (138,800)                    ? ? (e)       ? ? (138,800)                       ? ? Fair value adjustments, net
Finance costs                        ? ? (17,100)           ? ? 10,800                       ? ? (a)(c)(f) ? ? (6,300)                         ? ? Interest expense, net of capitalized interest
Other losses                         ? ? (88,900)           ? ? 96,500                       ? ? (d)(e)    ? ? 7,600                           ? ? Other, net
Earnings before taxes                ? ? 83,200             ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 83,200                          ? ? Income (loss) before income and mining taxes
Income tax (expense) recovery        ? ? 19,400             ? ? -                            ? ?           ? ? 19,400                          ? ? Income and mining tax (expense) benefit
Net earnings                         ? ? $102,600           ? ? $-                           ? ?           ? ? $102,600                        ? ? Net income (loss)
?                                    ? ? ?                  ? ? ?                            ? ? ?         ? ? ?                               ? ? ?


(a)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's interest expense on lease, historically included in finance costs expenses, to amortization at Coeur.

(b)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's share-based payment expenses, historically included in share-based payment expenses, to general and administrative at Coeur.

(c)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's unwinding of discount on reclamation obligation, historically included in finance costs, to pre-development, reclamation, and other at Coeur.

(d)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's gain on extinguishment of New Afton free cash flow interest obligation, historically included in other losses to gain (loss) on debt extinguishment.

(e)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's gains and losses for financial and derivative assets and liabilities, historically included in other losses to fair value adjustments, net.

(f)

Represents a reclassification of New Gold's New Afton free cash flow interest (income) expense and finance income, historically included in New Afton free cash flow interest (income) expense and finance income, to interest expense, net of capitalized interest at Coeur.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

4. IFRS to U.S. GAAP and Accounting Policy Alignment Adjustments

IFRS differs in certain material respects from U.S. GAAP. The following material adjustments have been made to reflect New Gold's historical audited and unaudited consolidated income statements and consolidated statement of financial position on a U.S. GAAP basis for the purposes of the unaudited pro forma financial information. In addition, material adjustments have also been made to align New Gold's significant accounting policies under IFRS to Coeur's significant accounting policies under U.S. GAAP when there is no specific difference between IFRS and U.S. GAAP.

(a) Reclamation and remediation liabilities

Under U.S. GAAP, the initial recognition of the reclamation and remediation liability is recognized at fair value, generally utilizing a present value technique to estimate the liability discounted at a credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate, and further adjusted for inflation and market risk premium. Subsequently, period-to-period revisions to either the timing or amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows are treated as separate layers of the obligation.

Under IFRS, reclamation and remediation liabilities are generally measured as the best estimate of the expenditure to settle the obligation utilizing a present value technique to estimate the liability, adjusted for inflation, associated with reclamation as a liability, at a risk-free rate, when the liability is incurred. Subsequently, period-to-period revisions for changes in the estimate of expected undiscounted cash flows or discount rate are re-measured for the entire obligation by using an updated discount rate that reflects current market conditions as of the balance sheet date.

The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect the impact of converting New Gold's reclamation and remediation liabilities and related reclamation and remediation expenses on a U.S. GAAP basis as it is impractical to re-estimate the impact of period-to-period revisions to the timing or amount of the original reclamation liability over historical periods using the layering approach and credit-adjusted risk-free rates.

The following table reflects the impacts of changes made to the reclamations and remediation liabilities:

?                                                       ? ? ?                        ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?
(in thousands)                                          ? ? As of September 30, 2025 ? ? For the nine monthsended September 30, 2025 ? ? For the year endedDecember 31, 2024
Condensed Balance Sheet                                 ? ?                          ? ?                                             ? ?  
Property, plant and equipment and mine development, net ? ? $1,382                   ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Reclamation liabilities                                 ? ? $ 1,382                  ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Condensed Statements of Operations                      ? ? -                        ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Amortization                                            ? ? -                        ? ? $11                                         ? ? $14
Pre-development, reclamation and other                  ? ? -                        ? ? $ 2,810                                     ? ? $ 4,073
?                                                       ? ? ?                        ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?


(b) Gold stream obligation

New Gold entered into a streaming agreement with RGLD Gold AG (Switzerland), receiving an advance of $175 million. Under IFRS, this advance was recorded as a financial liability measured at FVTPL, whereas under U.S. GAAP, it is treated as deferred revenue and amortized over the delivery schedule. Accordingly, the pro forma adjustments include: (i) reversal of the liability balance as of September 30, 2025, since under US GAAP the deferred revenue was fully amortized by April 2025; (ii) reversal of fair value gains/losses recognized under IFRS, as U.S. GAAP does not permit such measurement; and (iii) recognition of revenue and related cost of sales under U.S. GAAP. These adjustments eliminate IFRS liability and fair value effects, replacing them with deferred revenue recognition under U.S. GAAP.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The following table reflects the impacts of changes made for the gold stream obligation:

?                                  ? ? ?                        ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?
(in thousands)                     ? ? As of September 30, 2025 ? ? For the nine monthsended September 30, 2025 ? ? For the yearended December 31, 2024
Condensed Balance Sheet            ? ?                          ? ?                                             ? ?  
Accounts payable                   ? ? $(77,200)                ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Other long-term liabilities        ? ? $ (187,312)              ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Accumulated deficit                ? ? $264,512                 ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Condensed Statements of Operations ? ? -                        ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Fair value adjustments, net        ? ? -                        ? ? $ 75,300                                    ? ? $ 51,600
Other comprehensive income (loss)  ? ? -                        ? ? $8,500                                      ? ? $9,800
Revenue                            ? ? -                        ? ? $ 18,622                                    ? ? $ 44,134
Costs applicable to sales          ? ? -                        ? ? $ 43,203                                    ? ? $ 44,134
?                                  ? ? ?                        ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?


(c) Free Cash Flow ("FCF") interest obligation

In March 2020, New Gold entered into a strategic partnership ("Original Agreement") with Ontario Teachers Pension Plan ("Ontario Teachers"). Under the terms of the Original Agreement, Ontario Teachers acquired a 46% FCF interest in the New Afton mine for upfront cash proceeds of $300 million. The Original Agreement was determined to be a financial liability that New Gold designated as FVTPL under the scope of IFRS 9. In May 2024, the FCF agreement was amended. In exchange for a $255 million cash payment from New Gold to Ontario Teachers, Ontario Teachers' interest in the Free Cash Flows was reduced from 46% to 19.9%. As part of this amendment, New Gold also granted Ontario Teachers a right to receive $20 million in cash if the Company were to complete a change of control ("CoC") by January 2026. In July 2024, the Company made a final payment of $42.6 million to Ontario Teachers as part of the minimum cash guarantee under the terms of the Original Agreement. Upon extinguishment of the FVTPL liability, $114.5 million presented in other comprehensive income relating to changes in the credit risk of the liability was subsequently transferred to deficit. Under IFRS, this was treated as a derecognition event of the entire financial liability and a sale of a mineral interest to Ontario Teachers. The remaining FCF obligation was treated as an executory contract i.e., only recognize/accrue when such amount is due and payable. Under U.S. GAAP, the arrangement would continue to be accounted for as a debt instrument under ASC 470, with the contingent consideration payable in cash to be classified as a liability instrument and recorded at fair value. The fair value of the contingent consideration payment in cash is included in the calculation of extinguishment gain or loss and subsequently remeasured each period with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. Upon settlement of the liability, U.S. GAAP requires a reclassification of other comprehensive income ("OCI") through the income statement, Fair value adjustments, net.

In April 2025, New Gold entered into an agreement with Ontario Teachers to acquire the remaining FCF obligation and the $20 million contingent liability in exchange for $300 million in cash. Under IFRS, this was accounted for as a reacquisition of the mining interest and extinguishment of the CoC contingent liability. Under U.S. GAAP, the remaining FCF obligation and contingent consideration would be remeasured at fair value immediately before settlement, and an extinguishment gain, or loss would be recognized based on the difference between cash paid and the combined fair values of the extinguished obligations. Upon settlement of the liability, U.S. GAAP requires a reclassification of OCI through the income statement, Fair value adjustments, net.

The following table reflects the impacts of changes made for the free cash flow interest obligation:

?                                  ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?
(in thousands)                     ? ? For the nine monthsended September 30, 2025 ? ? For the year endedDecember 31, 2024
Condensed Statements of Operations ? ?                                             ? ?  
Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment ? ? $ ?(22,800)                                 ? ? $13,005
Fair value adjustments, net        ? ? $(10,000)                                   ? ? $ (134,500)
Other comprehensive income (loss)  ? ? $(10,000)                                   ? ? $114,500
?                                  ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?


(d) Capitalized Stripping Costs

Under IFRS, certain stripping costs incurred during the production phase are capitalized as part of mineral property assets when they provide improved access to ore reserves. These costs are subsequently amortized over the expected useful life of the improved access.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In contrast, under U.S. GAAP, stripping costs incurred during the production phase are generally expensed as incurred and included in cost of sales. U.S. GAAP does not permit capitalization of such costs unless they meet specific development criteria.

To align New Gold's accounting with U.S. GAAP for pro forma purposes, the following adjustments have been made:

1.

Previously capitalized stripping costs under IFRS have been removed from property, plant, and equipment.

2.

Depreciation recorded under IFRS on the capitalized stripping costs has been reversed from the pro forma income statement.

3.

The stripping costs that were capitalized under IFRS have been expensed in the pro forma income statement under "Cost applicable to sales," consistent with U.S. GAAP treatment. The offsetting entry has been recorded to accumulated deficit to reflect the historical nature of the adjustment and maintain balance sheet integrity.

The following table reflects the impacts of changes made for capitalized stripping costs:

?                                                       ? ? ?                       ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?
(in thousands)                                          ? ? As ofSeptember 30, 2025 ? ? For the nine months endedSeptember 30, 2025 ? ? For the year endedDecember 31, 2024
Condensed Balance Sheet                                 ? ?                         ? ?                                             ? ?  
Property, plant and equipment and mine development, net ? ? $ (47,158)              ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Accumulated deficit                                     ? ? $ (47,158)              ? ? -                                           ? ? -
Condensed Statements of Operations                      ? ?                         ? ?                                             ? ?  
Amortization                                            ? ? -                       ? ? $ (55,888)                                  ? ? $ (60,957)
Costs applicable to sales                               ? ? -                       ? ? $44,438                                     ? ? $26,267
?                                                       ? ? ?                       ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?


(f) Income taxes

Deferred income taxes have been recognized based on pro forma IFRS to U.S. GAAP accounting and policy alignment adjustments to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of New Gold using the statutory tax rate on a jurisdictional basis. The increase in Deferred tax liabilities reflects the preliminary estimate of deferred taxes recognized on the new book to tax basis differences of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

The estimated income and mining tax expense impact of the IFRS to U.S. GAAP and accounting policy alignment adjustments (except for the impact of certain transaction costs for which no tax benefit is expected due to a valuation allowance) has been recognized based upon the statutory tax rates applicable on a jurisdictional basis.

5. Arrangement Accounting Adjustments

The following adjustments have been made to the unaudited pro forma financial information to reflect certain preliminary purchase price accounting and other pro forma adjustments. Further review may identify additional adjustments that could have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma financial information of the combined group. At this time, Coeur is not aware of any additional arrangement-related adjustments that would have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma financial information that are not reflected or disclosed in the pro forma adjustments.

(a) Arrangement costs and other one-time charges

The increase in Pre-development, reclamation, and other of $34.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the corresponding increase in Accrued liabilities and other of $34.0 million, of which $34.0 million relates to financial advisory services fees, reflects the adjustment to recognize transaction costs and other non-recurring charges expected to be incurred in connection with the Arrangement within twelve months after closing. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, $0.3 million was recognized in Pre-development, reclamation, and other by Coeur within the historical financial information relating to transaction costs and non-recurring charges incurred. New Gold has not incurred significant transaction costs as of September 30, 2025.

(b) Inventories

The adjustment to increase in Inventories by $367.3 million reflects the adjustments to step up the pro forma balance for New Gold's finished goods, work-in-process and stockpile inventory to the estimated fair value as of

TABLE OF CONTENTS

September 30, 2025. The fair value was determined based on the estimated selling price of the inventory, less the remaining processing and selling costs and a normal profit margin on those processing and selling efforts. As a result of the increase, there was an increase to Costs applicable to sales of $19.6 million and $106.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and for the year ended December 31, 2024, respectively.

(c) Property, plant and equipment and mine development, net

The adjustment to increase Property, plant and equipment and mine development, net $2,949.8 million reflects the fair value estimate of property, plant, and equipment and mine development as of September 30, 2025, and the related increase to Amortization of $116.6 million and $164.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and year ended December 31, 2024, respectively.

(d) New Gold shareholders' equity

The adjustment reflects the adjustment of $5,428.3 million of New Gold's shareholders' equity, which represents the historical book value of New Gold's net assets including IFRS to U.S. GAAP and accounting policy adjustments of $142.8 million, as a result of the application of purchase price accounting. The adjustment reflects a decrease of $3,333.1 million to Common stock and an increase of $6,741.2 million to Additional paid-in capital to reflect the issuance of 392.6 million shares of Coeur common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share to satisfy the issuance of 0.4959 shares of Coeur common stock for each New Gold common share outstanding pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, assuming a closing price of Coeur common stock on November 28, 2025 of $17.27 per share. The table below reflects elimination of New Gold's shareholders' equity after adjustments for IFRS to U.S. GAAP differences and purchase price accounting and other pro forma adjustments as of September 30, 2025:

?                          ? ? ?                              ? ? ?                                                ? ? ?                                ? ? ?                 ? ? ?     ? ? ?
(in thousands)             ? ? ReclassifiedHistorical NewGold ? ? IFRS to U.S.GAAP andAccounting PolicyAdjustments ? ? ArrangementAccountingAdjustments ? ? EquityAdjustments ? ? Notes ? ? Pro Forma
Common stock               ? ? $3,337,000                     ? ? $-                                               ? ? $-                               ? ? $ (3,333,074)     ? ? 1     ? ? $3,926
Additional paid-in capital ? ? 65,600                         ? ? -                                                ? ? -                                ? ? 6,741,164         ? ? 2     ? ? 6,806,764
Accumulated deficit        ? ? (2,163,000)                    ? ? 142,801                                          ? ? (34,000)                         ? ? 2,020,199         ? ? 3     ? ? (34,000)
Total New Gold Equity      ? ? $1,239,600                     ? ? $ 142,801                                        ? ? $ (34,000)                       ? ? $5,428,289        ? ?       ? ? $ 6,776,690
?                          ? ? ?                              ? ? ?                                                ? ? ?                                ? ? ?                 ? ? ?     ? ? ?


(1)

Represents adjustments to eliminate historical common stock of New Gold amounting to $3,337.0 million and the issuance of 392.6 million shares of Coeur common shares with a par value of $0.01 to be exchanged for 791.7 million shares of issued and outstanding New Gold shares of common stock as of September 30, 2025.

(2)

Represents adjustments to eliminate historical additional paid in capital of New Gold amounting to $65.6 million and Additional paid-in capital, to record issuance of 392.6 million shares for $6,776.5 million, calculated by deducting the $3.9 million included in Common stock from the common stock portion of the purchase price consideration of $6,780.4 million and replacement stock-based compensation awarded valued $30.3 million.

(3)

Represents adjustments to eliminate New Gold's historical Accumulated deficit of $2,163.0 million net of $142.8 million of IFRS to U.S. GAAP and accounting policy adjustments. The remaining $(34.0) million represents transaction costs, as discussed in Note 5(a).

(e) Goodwill

Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the preliminary estimated purchase price and the fair values assigned to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed of New Gold. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary and will be finalized upon completion of the Arrangement. Based on the preliminary purchase price allocation, Coeur has recognized $3,056.1 million of Goodwill. This amount may increase or decrease based on the final purchase price allocation. Goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes.

(f) Income taxes

Deferred income taxes have been recognized based on pro forma adjustments to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of New Gold using the statutory tax rate on a jurisdictional basis. The $945.0 million increase in Deferred tax liabilities reflects the preliminary estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized on the new book to tax basis differences of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and have been recognized as part of the Goodwill.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The estimated income and mining tax expense impact of the pro forma adjustments (except for the impact of certain transaction costs for which no tax benefit is expected due to a valuation allowance) has been recognized based upon the statutory tax rates applicable on a jurisdictional basis.

(g) Share-based compensation expense

The adjustment for the amortization share-based compensation replacement awards with a service period after the closing date of the Arrangement.

(h) Earnings per share

The pro forma combined diluted earnings per share presented below reflects the adjustment to weighted average number of shares outstanding based on 0.4959 shares of Coeur common stock for each New Gold share outstanding of 791.7 shares million as of September 30, 2025 as follows:

?                                                                                         ? ? ?                                          ? ? ?
(in thousands, except per share)                                                          ? ? For the nine monthsendedSeptember 30, 2025 ? ? For the yearendedDecember 31, 2024
Pro forma net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Coeur stockholders ? ? $567,855                                   ? ? $(151,849)
Pro forma basic weighted average Coeur shares outstanding1                                ? ? 1,029,000                                  ? ? 1,023,652
Pro forma basic earnings (loss) per share                                                 ? ? $0.55                                      ? ? $(0.15)
Pro forma diluted weighted average Coeur shares outstanding1                              ? ? 1,041,652                                  ? ? 1,035,477
Pro forma diluted earnings (loss) per share2                                              ? ? $0.55                                      ? ? $(0.15)
?                                                                                         ? ? ?                                          ? ? ?


(1)

For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, basic and diluted weighted average shares are composed of 636.4 million and 649.1 millon shares of Coeur common shares, respectively, and 392.6 million shares of Coeur common shares to be exchanged for 791.7 million shares of issued and outstanding New Gold shares of common stock as of September 30, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2024, basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding are composed of 631.0 million and 642.9 million shares of Coeur common stock, respectively, and 392.6 million shares of Coeur common stock to be exchanged for 791.7 million shares of issued and outstanding New Gold common shares as of September 30, 2025.

(2)

Potentially dilutive shares were excluded in the computation of diluted loss per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and year ended December 31, 2024 as they were antidilutive.

6. SilverCrest Arrangement Accounting Adjustments

Coeur completed the acquisition of SilverCrest on February 14, 2025. Coeur's historical consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the period January 1, 2025 through February 14, 2025 do not include SilverCrest's results of operations.

In accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information gives effect to this arrangement as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented. The pro forma financial information also reflects a separate arrangement for the completed acquisition of SilverCrest that required separate financial statements under Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X and was previously reported on Form 8-K/A in 2025.

To provide a more meaningful presentation of the combined entity's operating results, management has prepared Coeur's historical income statements adjusted to include SilverCrest's historical results for the relevant periods, together with related pro forma adjustments. These adjustments include:

a)

Reclassification Adjustments to conform SilverCrest's historical financial statement presentation to Coeur's reporting format;

b)

Arrangement Accounting Adjustments to reflect the impact of the acquisition accounting under U.S. GAAP;

c)

IFRS to U.S. GAAP Conversion Adjustments to align SilverCrest's historical financial information with Coeur's accounting policies and U.S. GAAP requirements.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The tables below present Coeur's historical income statement adjusted for SilverCrest's historical results and the above adjustments for:

1.

The year ended December 31, 2024, as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2024; and

2.

The period January 1, 2025 through February 14, 2025, prior to the acquisition date.

?                                             ? ? ?
                                              ? ? Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations
                                              ? ? For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2025
(In thousands)                                ? ? HistoricalCoeur ? ? HistoricalSilverCrest(1) ? ? SilverCrestIFRS to U.S.GAAP andAccountingPolicyAdjustments ? ? (Note B) ? ? SilverCrestArrangementAccountingAdjustments ? ? Note ? ? HistoricalCoeurAdjustedforSilverCrest
Revenue                                       ? ? $1,395,279      ? ? $54,977                  ? ? $-                                                         ? ?          ? ? $-                                          ? ?      ? ? $1,450,256
COSTS AND EXPENSES                            ? ?                 ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ?  
Costs applicable to sales                     ? ? 682,456         ? ? 23,194                   ? ? 25                                                         ? ? B(3)?    ? ? (90,163)                                    ? ? 2    ? ? 615,512
Amortization                                  ? ? 177,444         ? ? 7,843                    ? ? 3,035                                                      ? ? B(1)(2)? ? ? 9,123                                       ? ? 3    ? ? 197,445
General and administrative                    ? ? 41,992          ? ? 11,450                   ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? 53,442
Exploration                                   ? ? 68,079          ? ? 333                      ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? 68,412
Pre-development, reclamation, and other       ? ? 45,957          ? ? 142                      ? ? 133                                                        ? ? B(2)?    ? ? (19,735)                                    ? ? 4    ? ? 26,497
Total costs and expenses                      ? ? 1,015,928       ? ? 42,962                   ? ? 3,193                                                      ? ?          ? ? (100,775)                                   ? ?      ? ? 961,308
Income (loss) from operations                 ? ? 379,351         ? ? 12,015                   ? ? (3,193)                                                    ? ?          ? ? 100,775                                     ? ?      ? ? 488,948
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET                   ? ?                 ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ?  
Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment            ? ? (6)             ? ? -                        ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? (6)
Fair value adjustments, net                   ? ? (342)           ? ? 6,643                    ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? 6,301
Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ? ? (24,974)        ? ? 99                       ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? (24,875)
Other, net                                    ? ? 1,001           ? ? 51                       ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? 1,052
Total other income (expense), net             ? ? (24,321)        ? ? 6,793                    ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? (17,528)
Income (loss) before income and mining taxes  ? ? 355,030         ? ? 18,808                   ? ? (3,193)                                                    ? ?          ? ? 100,775                                     ? ?      ? ? 471,420
Income and mining tax expense                 ? ? 15,873          ? ? (4,845)                  ? ? 954                                                        ? ? B(4)?    ? ? 2,737                                       ? ? 5    ? ? 14,718
NET INCOME (LOSS)                             ? ? $370,903        ? ? $13,963                  ? ? $(2,239)                                                   ? ?          ? ? $103,512                                    ? ?      ? ? $486,138
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):            ? ?                 ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ?  
Other comprehensive income (loss)             ? ? -               ? ? -                        ? ? -                                                          ? ?          ? ? -                                           ? ?      ? ? -
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)                   ? ? $370,903        ? ? $13,963                  ? ? $(2,239)                                                   ? ?          ? ? $103,512                                    ? ?      ? ? $486,138
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE                   ? ?                 ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ?  
Basic income (loss) per share:                ? ?                 ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ?  
Basic                                         ? ? $0.62           ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ? $0.76
Diluted                                       ? ? $0.61           ? ?                          ? ?                                                            ? ?          ? ?                                             ? ?      ? ? $0.75
?                                             ? ? ?               ? ? ?                        ? ? ?                                                          ? ? ?        ? ? ?                                           ? ? ?    ? ? ?


(1)

Represents the SilverCrest pre-acquisition activity for the period from January 1, 2025 to February 14, 2025 conformed to Coeur's accounting policies and GAAP.

(2)

The arrangement accounting adjustment to decrease Costs applicable to sales for the non-recurring impact of the step up of SilverCrest's finished goods, work-in-process and stockpile inventory to fair value.

(3)

The arrangement accounting adjustment to increase Amortization for the impact of the recognition of Property, plant and equipment and mine development, net to fair value.

(4)

The arrangement accounting adjustment to decrease Pre-development, reclamation, and other for the impact of transaction costs and other non-recurring charges.

(5)

The estimated income and mining tax expense impact of the pro forma adjustments (except for the impact of certain transaction costs for which no tax benefit is expected due to a valuation allowance) has been recognized based upon the statutory tax rates applicable on a jurisdictional basis.

TABLE OF CONTENTS













Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations





For the Year Ended December 31, 2024

(In thousands)





Historical

Coeur





Reclassified

Historical

SilverCrest

(Note A)





SilverCrest

IFRS to U.S.

GAAP and

Accounting

Policy

Adjustments





(Note B)





SilverCrest

Arrangement

Accounting

Adjustments





Note





Historical

Coeur

Adjusted

for

SilverCrest

Revenue





$1,054,006





$301,928





$-









$-









$1,355,934

COSTS AND EXPENSES





























Costs applicable to sales





606,192





93,398





187





B(3)?





78,688





1





778,465

Amortization





124,974





36,729





5,428





B(1)(2)





98,356





2





265,487

General and administrative





47,727





15,266





-









-









62,993

Exploration





59,658





1,609





-









-









61,267

Pre-development, reclamation, and other





51,273





7,343





531





B(2)?





5,983





3





65,130

Total costs and expenses





889,824





154,345





6,146









183,027









1,233,342

Income (loss) from operations





164,182





147,583





(6,146)









(183,027)









122,592

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET





























Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment





417





-





-









-









417

Fair value adjustments, net





-





(6,902)





-









-









(6,902)

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest





(51,276)





(671)





-









-









(51,947)

Other, net





13,027





3,308





-









-









16,335

Total other income (expense), net





(37,832)





(4,265)





-









-









(42,097)

Income (loss) before income and mining taxes





126,350





143,318





(6,146)









(183,027)









80,495

Income and mining tax expense





(67,450)





(73,982)





1,783





B(4)?





46,110





4





(93,539)

NET INCOME (LOSS)





$58,900





$69,336





$(4,363)









$(136,917)









$(13,044)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):





























Change in fair value of derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedge





$(18,507)





$-





$-









$-









$(18,507)

Reclassification adjustments for realized (gain) loss on cash flow hedge





17,176





-





-









-









17,176

Other comprehensive income (loss)





(1,331)





-





-









-









(1,331)

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)





$57,569





$69,336





$(4,363)









$(136,917)









$(14,375)

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE





























Basic income (loss) per share:





























Basic





$0.15

























$(0.02)

Diluted





$0.15

























$(0.02)













































(1)

The arrangement accounting adjustment to increase Costs applicable to sales for the non-recurring impact of the step up of SilverCrest's finished goods, work-in-process and stockpile inventory to fair value.

(2)

The arrangement accounting adjustment to increase Amortization for the impact of the recognition of Property, plant and equipment and mine development, net to fair value.

(3)

The arrangement accounting adjustment to increase Pre-development, reclamation, and other for the impact of transaction costs and other non-recurring charges.

(4)

The estimated income and mining tax expense impact of the pro forma adjustments (except for the impact of certain transaction costs for which no tax benefit is expected due to a valuation allowance) has been recognized based upon the statutory tax rates applicable on a jurisdictional basis.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

A) Reclassification Adjustments

SilverCrest's historical audited consolidated financial statements as described above and are presented under IFRS and are in U.S. dollars. The historical balances reflect certain reclassifications of SilverCrest's consolidated income statements categories to conform to Coeur's presentation in its consolidated statement of operations. In addition, material adjustments have been made to align SilverCrest's historical significant accounting policies under IFRS to Coeur's significant accounting policies under U.S. GAAP. Further review may identify additional reclassifications that could have a material impact on the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information of the combined group. The reclassifications identified and presented in the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information are based on discussions with SilverCrest's management, due diligence and information presented in SilverCrest's filings with Canadian securities authorities.

The reclassifications are summarized below:

Condensed Consolidated Income Statement

For the year ended December 31, 2024

USD in thousands

?                                    ? ? ?                     ? ? ?                            ? ? ?       ? ? ?                                 ? ? ?
SilverCrest Financial Statement Line ? ? HistoricalSilverCrest ? ? ReclassificationsAdjustments ? ? Notes   ? ? ReclassifiedHistoricalSilverCrest ? ? Coeur Financial Statement Line
Revenue                              ? ? $301,928              ? ? $-                           ? ?         ? ? $301,928                          ? ? Revenue
Cost of sales                        ? ?                       ? ?                              ? ?         ? ?                                   ? ?  
Production costs                     ? ? (87,508)              ? ? (5,890)                      ? ? 1,2,9   ? ? (93,398)                          ? ? Cost applicable to sales
Depreciation                         ? ? (36,576)              ? ? (153)                        ? ? 2       ? ? (36,729)                          ? ? Amortization
Government royalties                 ? ? (1,372)               ? ? 1,372                        ? ? 1       ? ? -                                 ? ?  
General and administrative expenses  ? ? (19,978)              ? ? 4,712                        ? ? 2       ? ? (15,266)                          ? ? General and administrative
Exploration and project expenses     ? ? (1,609)               ? ? -                            ? ?         ? ? (1,609)                           ? ? Exploration
                                     ? ?                       ? ? (7,343)                      ? ? 3,8     ? ? (7,343)                           ? ? Pre-development, reclamation, and other
Foreign exchange losses              ? ? (3,554)               ? ? 3,554                        ? ? 4       ? ? -                                 ? ?  
                                     ? ?                       ? ? (6,902)                      ? ? 5,6     ? ? (6,902)                           ? ? Fair value adjustments, net
Transaction costs                    ? ? (6,737)               ? ? 6,737                        ? ? 8       ? ? -                                 ? ?  
Interest income                      ? ? 6,917                 ? ? (6,917)                      ? ? 7       ? ? -                                 ? ?  
Interest and finance expense         ? ? (1,229)               ? ? 558                          ? ? 3       ? ? (671)                             ? ? Interest expense, net of capitalized interest
Other expense                        ? ? (6,964)               ? ? 10,272                       ? ? 4,5,6,7 ? ? 3,308                             ? ? Other, net
Earnings before income taxes         ? ? 143,318               ? ? -                            ? ?         ? ? 143,318                           ? ? Income (loss) before income and mining taxes
Income tax expense                   ? ? (73,982)              ? ? -                            ? ?         ? ? (73,982)                          ? ? Income and mining tax (expense) benefit
Net earnings                         ? ? $69,336               ? ? $-                           ? ?         ? ? $69,336                           ? ? NET INCOME (LOSS)
?                                    ? ? ?                     ? ? ?                            ? ? ?       ? ? ?                                 ? ? ?


(1)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest royalties, historically included in Government royalties, to Cost applicable to sales at Coeur.

(2)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest operational site support and depreciation expense, historically included in General and administrative expense, to Cost of sales and Amortization at Coeur.

(3)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest accretion expense, historically included in Interest and finance expense, to Pre-development, reclamation, and other at Coeur.

(4)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest foreign exchange losses, historically included in Foreign exchange loss, to Other, net at Coeur.

(5)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest derivative gains (losses), historically included in Other expense, to Fair value adjustments, net at Coeur.

(6)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest bullion gains (losses), historically included in Other expense, to Fair value adjustments, net at Coeur.

(7)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest interest income, historically included in Interest income, to Other, net at Coeur.

(8)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest Transaction costs, historically included in Pre-development, reclamation, and other at Coeur.

(9)

Represents a reclassification of SilverCrest non-operating site costs, historically included in General and administrative expense, to Pre-development, reclamation, and other at Coeur.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

B) IFRS to U.S. GAAP and Accounting Policy Alignment Adjustments

IFRS differs in certain material respects from U.S. GAAP. The following material adjustments have been made to reflect SilverCrest's historical audited and unaudited consolidated income statements on a U.S. GAAP basis for the purposes of the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information. In addition, material adjustments have also been made to align SilverCrest's significant accounting policies under IFRS to Coeur's significant accounting policies under U.S. GAAP when there is no specific difference between IFRS and U.S. GAAP.

(1)

Amortization

Under U.S. GAAP, Coeur's accounting policy amortizes certain mine development costs using the units-of-production method over the estimated life of the ore body, generally based on recoverable ounces to be mined from proven and probable reserves.

Under IFRS, SilverCrest includes estimated recoverable ounces using the mineable tonnes extracted from the mine in the period as a percentage of the total mineable tonnes to be extracted in current and future periods based on mineral reserves.

The following table reflect the impacts of converting the calculation of depletion on a units-of-production method from mineable tonnes to recoverable ounces:

?                                  ? ? ?                                         ? ? ?
(in thousands)                     ? ? For thenine monthsendedSeptember 30, 2025 ? ? For the year endedDecember 31, 2024
Condensed Statements of Operations ? ?                                           ? ?  
Amortization                       ? ? $2,936                                    ? ? $4,791
?                                  ? ? ?                                         ? ? ?


(2)

Reclamation and remediation liabilities

Under U.S. GAAP, the initial recognition of the reclamation and remediation liability is recognized at fair value, generally utilizing a present value technique to estimate the liability discounted at a credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate, and further adjusted for inflation and market risk premium. Subsequently, period-to-period revisions to either the timing or amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows are treated as separate layers of the obligation.

Under IFRS, reclamation and remediation liabilities are generally measured as the best estimate of the expenditure to settle the obligation utilizing a present value technique to estimate the liability, adjusted for inflation, associated with reclamation as a liability, at a risk-free rate, when the liability is incurred. Subsequently, period-to-period revisions for changes in the estimate of expected undiscounted cash flows or discount rate are re-measured for the entire obligation by using an updated discount rate that reflects current market conditions as of the balance sheet date.

The following table reflects the impacts of changes made to the reclamations and remediation liabilities:

?                                      ? ? ?                                         ? ? ?
(in thousands)                         ? ? For thenine monthsendedSeptember 30, 2025 ? ? For the year endedDecember 31, 2024
Condensed Statements of Operations     ? ?                                           ? ?  
Amortization                           ? ? $99                                       ? ? $638
Pre-development, reclamation and other ? ? $133                                      ? ? $531
?                                      ? ? ?                                         ? ? ?


(3)

Employee-related benefits

Under U.S. GAAP, an entity uses the service period approach to account for termination benefits when certain conditions are met. Benefits accumulate over time based on length of service. Under this approach, the benefit cost is accrued over an employee's service period.

Under IFRS, an entity recognizes termination benefits as a liability and an expense only when an entity is demonstrably committed to the redundancies by having (i) a detailed plan for the terminations and (ii) when it can

TABLE OF CONTENTS

no longer withdraw the offer made in relation to termination benefits. This generally results in termination benefits being recognized when the closure date for a mine site has been announced and other recognition criteria have been met.

The following table reflects the accrual of employee severance for, as well as the impact of, revaluation of the accrual for the periods presented:

?                                  ? ? ?                                         ? ? ?
(in thousands)                     ? ? For thenine monthsendedSeptember 30, 2025 ? ? For the year endedDecember 31, 2024
Condensed Statements of Operations ? ?                                           ? ?  
Costs applicable to sales          ? ? $25                                       ? ? $187
?                                  ? ? ?                                         ? ? ?


(4)

Income taxes

The estimated income and mining tax expense impact of the IFRS to U.S. GAAP and accounting policy alignment adjustments (except for the impact of certain transaction costs for which no tax benefit is expected due to a valuation allowance) has been recognized based upon the statutory tax rates applicable on a jurisdictional basis.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

The following table presents, as of the dates and for the periods indicated, selected historical unaudited pro forma combined financial information per share of Coeur common stock and New Gold common shares. You should read this information in conjunction with, and the information is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements of Coeur and notes thereto incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement (see the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 117 of this Proxy Statement) and the consolidated financial statements of New Gold and notes thereto included in this Proxy Statement.

New Gold's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS, which differs in a number of significant respects from U.S. GAAP. For a general discussion of the significant differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP, please see the section entitled "Summary of Significant IFRS to U.S. GAAP Differences and Accounting Policy Alignment" beginning on page 21 of this Proxy Statement.

The following pro forma information has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and accordingly includes the effects of acquisition accounting. It does not reflect cost savings, synergies or certain other adjustments that may result from the Arrangement. This information is presented for illustrative purposes only. You should not rely on the pro forma combined or equivalent pro forma amounts as they are not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the Arrangement had been completed as of the dates indicated, nor are they necessarily indicative of the future operating results or financial position of the combined group. The pro forma information, although helpful in illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined group under one set of assumptions, does not reflect the benefits of expected cost savings, opportunities to earn additional revenue, the impact of restructuring, or other factors that may result as a consequence of the Arrangement and, accordingly, does not attempt to predict or suggest future results.

The following table assumes the issuance of approximately 392.6 million shares of Coeur common stock in connection with the Arrangement, which is the number of shares issuable by Coeur in connection with the Arrangement assuming the Arrangement occurred on January 1, 2024 and based on the number of outstanding New Gold common shares as of September 30, 2025 . As discussed in this proxy statement, the actual number of shares of Coeur common stock issuable under the Arrangement will be adjusted based on the number of New Gold common shares outstanding at the consummation of the Arrangement. The pro forma data in the table assumes that the Arrangement occurred on January 1, 2024 for condensed combined statement of operations purposes and on September 30, 2025 for condensed combined balance sheet purposes.

?                                                                                                   ? ? ?
                                                                                                    ? ? As at and for the nine months endedSeptember 30, 2025
(in millions, except per share)                                                                     ? ? HistoricalCoeur Adjustedfor SilverCrest2 ? ? HistoricalNew Gold ? ? Pro FormaCombined
Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share                                           ? ?                                          ? ?                    ? ?  
Basic                                                                                               ? ? $0.76                                    ? ? $0.25              ? ? $0.55
Diluted1                                                                                            ? ? $0.75                                    ? ? $0.24              ? ? $0.55
Shares used in calculating basic and diluted income (loss) from continuing operations per common share? ?                                          ? ?                    ? ?  
Basic                                                                                               ? ? 636,389                                  ? ? 791,500            ? ? 1,029,000
Diluted                                                                                             ? ? 645,741                                  ? ? 797,600            ? ? 1,041,652
Book value per share                                                                                ? ? $ 4.79                                   ? ? $ 1.55             ? ? $ 9.48
?                                                                                                   ? ? ?                                        ? ? ?                  ? ? ?


(1)

Potentially dilutive shares were excluded in the computation of diluted loss per share for Pro Forma Combined for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 as they were antidilutive.

(2)

Assumes Coeur common stock issued in connection with the SilverCrest acquisition occurred on January 1, 2024.

The following table assumes the issuance of approximately 392.6 million shares of Coeur common stock in connection with the Arrangement, which is the number of shares issuable by Coeur in connection with the Arrangement assuming the Arrangement occurred on January 1, 2024 and based on the number of outstanding New Gold common shares as of September 30, 2025. As discussed in this Proxy Statement, the actual number of shares of Coeur common stock issuable under the Arrangement will be adjusted based on the number of New Gold common

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shares outstanding at the consummation of the Arrangement. The pro forma data in the table assumes that the Arrangement occurred on January 1, 2024 for condensed combined statement of operations purposes and on December 31, 2024 for condensed combined balance sheet purposes.

?                                                                                                   ? ? ?
                                                                                                    ? ? As at and for the year endedDecember 31, 2024
(in millions, except per share)                                                                     ? ? HistoricalCoeur Adjustedfor SilverCrest(2) ? ? HistoricalNew Gold ? ? Pro FormaCombined
Income (loss) from continuing operations per common share                                           ? ?                                            ? ?                    ? ?  
Basic                                                                                               ? ? $(0.02)                                    ? ? $0.14              ? ? $(0.15)
Diluted1                                                                                            ? ? $(0.02)                                    ? ? $0.14              ? ? $(0.15)
Shares used in calculating basic and diluted income (loss) from continuing operations per common share? ?                                            ? ?                    ? ?  
Basic                                                                                               ? ? 631,041                                    ? ? 752,200            ? ? 1,023,652
Diluted                                                                                             ? ? 640,093                                    ? ? 758,400            ? ? 1,035,477
Book value per share                                                                                ? ? $ 4.83                                     ? ? $ 1.63             ? ? $ 9.53
?                                                                                                   ? ? ?                                          ? ? ?                  ? ? ?


(1)

Potentially dilutive shares were excluded in the computation of diluted loss per share for Coeur and Pro Forma Combined for the year ended December 31, 2024 as they were antidilutive.

(2)

Assumes Coeur common stock issued in connection with the SilverCrest acquisition occurred on January 1, 2024.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

RISK FACTORS

In deciding how to vote, Coeur stockholders should carefully consider the following risk factors and all of the information contained in or incorporated by reference herein, including, but not limited to, the matters addressed in "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" as well as Coeur's and New Gold's other filings with the SEC or on SEDAR+, as applicable, incorporated herein by reference. Please see "Where You Can Find More Information."

Risk Factors Relating to the Arrangement

Coeur stockholders and New Gold shareholders, in each case as of immediately prior to the Arrangement, will have significantly reduced ownership in the combined company.

Coeur will issue 0.4959 shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in exchange for each New Gold Common Share held (other than New Gold Common Shares held by dissenting New Gold shareholders), pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement. Following the completion of the Arrangement, it is anticipated that persons who were stockholders of Coeur and shareholders of New Gold immediately prior to the Arrangement will own approximately 62% and 38% of the combined company, respectively (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement). As a result, each of Coeur's current stockholders and each of New Gold's current shareholders will have less influence over the combined company as stockholders than they currently have over Coeur and New Gold, respectively.

The Exchange Ratio will not be adjusted in the event of any change in either Coeur's or New Gold's share price.

Upon completion of the Arrangement, each New Gold Common Share (other than New Gold Common Shares held by dissenting New Gold shareholders) will be converted into the right to receive 0.4959 of a share of Coeur Common Stock. This Exchange Ratio was fixed in the Arrangement Agreement and will not be adjusted to reflect changes in the market price of either New Gold Common Shares or Coeur Common Stock before the Arrangement is completed. Stock price changes may result from a variety of factors (many of which are beyond Coeur's and New Gold's control), including the following:

• changes in Coeur's and New Gold's respective businesses, operations and prospects;

• investor behavior and strategies, including market assessments of the likelihood that the Arrangement will be completed, including related considerations regarding court approval and regulatory clearance or approval, if any, of the Arrangement;

• interest rates, general market and economic conditions and other factors generally affecting the price of Coeur's and New Gold's shares; and

• foreign, federal, state, provincial and local legislation, governmental regulation and legal developments in the businesses in which Coeur and New Gold operate.

The price of shares of Coeur Common Stock at the completion of the Arrangement will vary from its price on the date the Arrangement Agreement was executed, the date of this Proxy Statement, the date of the special meeting and the date of the consummation of the Arrangement. As a result, the market value represented by the Exchange Ratio will also vary. For example, based on the range of closing prices of Coeur Common Stock during the period from October 31, 2025, the trading day before the date of the public announcement of the Arrangement, through to December 17, 2025, the latest practicable date before the date of this Proxy Statement, the Exchange Ratio represented a market value ranging from a low of $8.51 to a high of $8.67 for each New Gold Common Share.

The Arrangement is subject to a number of conditions which may not be satisfied or waived, may delay the completion of the Arrangement and could result in additional expenditures of money and resources or reduce the anticipated benefits, or result in termination of the Arrangement Agreement and Coeur may have to pay a termination fee.

Each of Coeur's and New Gold's obligations to consummate the Arrangement are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Coeur or New Gold, to the extent permissible under applicable laws) of a number of conditions described in the Arrangement Agreement, including, among others, the approval by Coeur stockholders of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, the approval and adoption of the Arrangement by New Gold shareholders, the approval of the Arrangement by the Court on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Coeur and New Gold and receipt of certain regulatory clearances and approvals, including the Mexico Antitrust Approval, Competition Act Approval, and ICA Approval. Many of the conditions to completion of the Arrangement are not within Coeur's control and Coeur cannot predict when, or if, these conditions will be satisfied. If any of these conditions are not satisfied or waived prior to the outside date set out in the Arrangement Agreement, it is possible that the Arrangement Agreement may be terminated. The Arrangement Agreement provides that, upon termination of the Arrangement Agreement under certain circumstances, Coeur or New Gold would be required to pay the other party a termination fee of $413,705,000 and $254,725,000, respectively. In addition, in connection with a termination of the Arrangement Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur or New Gold may be required to reimburse the other party in respect of the reasonable and documented expenses of such party's third party representatives incurred in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement up to a maximum amount of $33,965,000. See "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Conditions to Closing."

Although Coeur and New Gold have each agreed to use commercially reasonable best efforts for specific covenants, subject to certain limitations, to complete the Arrangement promptly, these and other conditions may fail to be satisfied. In addition, completion of the Arrangement may take longer and could cost more than we expect. The requirements for obtaining the required regulatory approvals and clearances, including the Mexico Antitrust Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval could delay the completion of the Arrangement for a significant period of time or prevent them from occurring. Any delay in completing the Arrangement may adversely affect the synergies and other benefits that Coeur expects to achieve if the Arrangement and the integration of businesses were to be completed within the expected timeframe.

Termination of the Arrangement Agreement could negatively impact Coeur.

Each of Coeur and New Gold has the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances, including if the Arrangement is not consummated by May 15, 2026 (which date, if the Regulatory Approvals have not been obtained and all other conditions to the Closing have been satisfied or waived on such date, will be automatically extended to August 15, 2026). The Arrangement Agreement provides that, upon termination of the Arrangement Agreement under certain circumstances, Coeur or New Gold would be required to pay the other party a termination fee of $413,705,000 and $254,725,000, respectively. In addition, in connection with a termination of the Arrangement Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur or New Gold may be required to reimburse the other party in respect of the reasonable and documented expenses of such party's third party representatives incurred in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement up to a maximum amount of $33,965,000. Failure to complete the Arrangement could negatively impact the trading price of our common stock or otherwise adversely affect Coeur's business.

If a governmental authority asserts objections to the Arrangement, Coeur may be unable to complete the Arrangement or, in order to do so, Coeur or New Gold may be required to comply with material restrictions or satisfy material conditions.

Closing is subject to the condition that there is no law applicable to the Arrangement that makes consummation of the Arrangement illegal as well as the procurement of relevant approvals.

There can be no assurance as to the cost, scope or impact of the actions that may be required to address any governmental authority objections to the Arrangement. If Coeur or New Gold takes such actions, it may be detrimental to them or to the combined company following the consummation of the Arrangement. Furthermore, these actions may have the effect of delaying or preventing consummation of the Arrangement or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenue or cash available for distribution of the combined company following the consummation of the Arrangement. Depending on the nature of any objections by any governmental authorities to the Arrangement, Coeur may, subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, decline to agree to take such actions resulting in the failure of the Arrangement to be completed.

The Arrangement may be completed even though material adverse changes may result from the announcement of the Arrangement, industry-wide changes or other causes.

In general, Coeur or New Gold can refuse to complete the Arrangement if a material adverse effect has occurred in respect of the other party and is continuing as of the Effective Time. However, some types of changes that would result in a material adverse effect of either party are excluded from the definition of a material adverse effect

TABLE OF CONTENTS

according to the Arrangement Agreement and do not permit either party to refuse to complete the Arrangement. If such adverse changes occur but Coeur and New Gold still complete the Arrangement, it may have a negative impact on the market price of Coeur Common Stock.

Coeur or New Gold may waive one or more of the closing conditions without re-soliciting approval by Coeur stockholders.

Coeur or New Gold may determine to waive, in whole or part, one or more of the conditions to closing prior to Coeur or New Gold, as the case may be, being obligated to consummate the Arrangement. Coeur expects to evaluate the materiality of any proposed waiver and its effect on Coeur stockholders in light of the facts and circumstances at the time, to determine whether any amendment of this Proxy Statement or any re-solicitation of proxies is required in light of such waiver. Any determination whether to waive any condition to closing or to re-solicit stockholder approval or amending or supplementing this Proxy Statement as a result of a waiver will be made by Coeur at the time of such waiver based on the facts and circumstances as they exist at that time.

The business relationships of Coeur and New Gold, as applicable, may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the Arrangement, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of Coeur pending and following the Arrangement.

Parties with which Coeur and New Gold, as applicable, do business may experience uncertainty associated with the Arrangement, including with respect to current or future business relationships with Coeur following the Arrangement. Coeur's and New Gold's business relationships may be subject to disruption as business partners, including, but not limited to, smelters, refiners, contractors, third-party providers of materials, equipment or services or any other third parties, may attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than Coeur or New Gold, as applicable, following the Arrangement. These disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of Coeur, regardless of whether the Arrangement is completed, as well as a material and adverse effect on Coeur's ability to realize the expected synergies and other benefits of the Arrangement. The risk, and adverse effect, of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in completion of the Arrangement or termination of the Arrangement Agreement.

The Arrangement Agreement subjects Coeur to restrictions on its business activities prior to the Closing, limits its ability to pursue alternatives to the Arrangement and may discourage other companies from making a favorable alternative transaction proposal.

The Arrangement Agreement subjects Coeur to restrictions on its business activities prior to the closing of the Arrangement. The Arrangement Agreement obligates Coeur to generally conduct its businesses and maintain facilities in the ordinary course until the closing of the Arrangement and to, among other things, use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) maintain and preserve in all material respects its present business organization, operations, assets, properties and goodwill, (ii) keep available the services of its officers and employees as a group and (iii) maintain satisfactory relationships consistent with past practice with joint venture partners, suppliers, distributors, employees and governmental entities having business relationships with them. Further, the Arrangement Agreement restricts Coeur from taking certain actions without the consent of New Gold, including making certain acquisitions, entering into, amending or terminating certain contracts, incurring certain indebtedness and expenditures, repurchasing or issuing securities outside of existing equity award programs, and other specified actions.

These restrictions could prevent Coeur from pursuing certain business opportunities that arise prior to the Closing and are outside the ordinary course of business, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing other strategic transactions. See "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants-Covenants relating to General Conduct of Business" for additional details.

Coeur is subject to customary restrictions on its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals or engage in discussions with, third parties regarding such proposals, except that Coeur is permitted to engage, subject to limitations set out in the Arrangement Agreement, with an unsolicited acquisition proposal that the Coeur Board has determined constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute a superior proposal. Furthermore, in limited circumstances, prior to receiving stockholder approval, the Coeur Board may effect a change of its recommendation if it determines in good faith that another acquisition proposal constitutes a superior proposal.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Under specified circumstances, upon termination of the Arrangement Agreement in connection with a superior proposal, Coeur may be required to pay New Gold a termination fee of $413,705,000. These provisions could affect the decision by a third party to make a competing acquisition proposal, including the structure, pricing, and terms proposed by a third party seeking to acquire or merge with Coeur.

The issuance of a significant number of shares of Coeur Common Stock and a resulting "market overhang" could adversely affect the market price of shares of Coeur Common Stock after completion of the Arrangement.

On completion of the Arrangement, a significant number of additional shares of Coeur Common Stock will be issued and available for trading in the public market. The increase in the number of shares of our common stock may lead to sales of such shares or the perception that such sales may occur (commonly referred to as "market overhang"), either of which may adversely affect the market for, and the market price of, shares of our common stock.

Coeur does not currently control New Gold and its subsidiaries.

Coeur will not control New Gold and its subsidiaries until completion of the Arrangement and the business and results of operations of New Gold may be adversely affected by events that are outside of Coeur's control during the interim period. The performance of New Gold may be influenced by, among other factors, economic downturns, changes in commodity prices, political instability in the countries in which New Gold operates, changes in applicable laws, increased regulation, volatility in the financial markets, unfavorable regulatory decisions, litigation, rising costs, civic and labor unrest, disagreements with business partners, delays in ongoing exploration and development projects and other factors beyond Coeur's control. As a result of any one or more of these factors, among others, the operations and financial performance of New Gold may be negatively affected, which may adversely affect the future financial results of the combined company.

The Arrangement could negatively affect the price of our common stock as a result of market response to the Arrangement, significant delays in the consummation of the Arrangement or the termination of the Arrangement Agreement.

The market price of our common stock may vary significantly from the price on the date of the Arrangement Agreement. Negative market response to the Arrangement, the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock resulting in dilution of our existing shareholders, or any significant delays in the consummation of the Arrangement could negatively affect our stock price. In addition, there can be no assurance that the conditions to the consummation of the Arrangement will be satisfied in a timely manner or at all. If the Arrangement is not consummated or is delayed, the market price of our common stock may decline significantly, particularly to the extent the market price reflects a market assumption that the Arrangement will be consummated or will be consummated in a particular timeframe.

Stock price changes may result from a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including:

• market reaction to the announcement of the Arrangement and market assessment of the likelihood of the Arrangement being consummated;

• changes in the respective businesses, operations or prospects of Coeur or New Gold, including their respective ability to meet earnings estimates;

• governmental or litigation developments or regulatory considerations affecting Coeur or New Gold or the mining industry;

• general business, market, industry or economic conditions or global supply chain disruptions;

• volatility in metal prices, the worldwide supply/demand balance for metals and the prevailing commodity price environment; and

• other factors beyond our control, including those described elsewhere in, or incorporated by reference into, this "Risk Factors" section.

Failure to complete the Arrangement could negatively impact Coeur's stock price and have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, cash flows and financial position.

The failure to complete the Arrangement for any reason, including as a result of failure to obtain all requisite regulatory and stock exchange approvals or if the Coeur stockholders fail to approve the Stock Issuance Proposal

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and the Charter Amendment Proposal or New Gold shareholders fail to approve the Arrangement, may materially affect the ongoing business of Coeur and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Arrangement, Coeur would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:

• Coeur may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on its stock price;

• Coeur and its subsidiaries may experience negative reactions from their business partners;

• Coeur will still be required to pay certain significant costs relating to the Arrangement, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees;

• Coeur may be required to pay a termination fee or reimburse New Gold for certain expenses as required by the Arrangement Agreement;

• matters relating to the Arrangement (including integration planning) require substantial commitments of time and resources by Coeur's management, which may have resulted in the distraction of Coeur's management from ongoing business operations and pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to Coeur; and

• litigation related to any failure to complete the Arrangement or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against Coeur to perform its obligations pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement.

If the Arrangement is not completed, the risks described above may materialize and they may have a material adverse effect on Coeur's results of operations, cash flows, financial position and stock price.

Completion of the Arrangement will trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which New Gold is a party.

The completion of the Arrangement will trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which New Gold is a party. If New Gold is unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under such agreements, potentially terminating such agreements, or seeking monetary damages. Even if New Gold is able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate such agreements on terms less favorable to New Gold.

Coeur and New Gold are expected to incur significant transaction costs in connection with the Arrangement, which may be in excess of those anticipated by them.

Coeur and New Gold have incurred and are expected to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and completing the Arrangement, combining the operations of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. These costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial and, in many cases, will be borne by Coeur whether or not the Arrangement is completed. A substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs and include, among others, fees paid to financial, legal, accounting and other advisors, employee retention, severance and benefit costs, and filing fees. Coeur will also incur costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and other employment-related costs. Coeur and New Gold will continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection with the Arrangement and the integration of the two companies' businesses. While Coeur and New Gold have assumed that a certain level of expenses would be incurred, there are many factors beyond their control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the expenses. The elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may not offset integration-related costs and achieve a net benefit in the near term, or at all. The costs described above and any unanticipated costs and expenses, many of which will be borne by Coeur even if the Arrangement is not completed, could have an adverse effect on Coeur's financial condition and operating results.

Coeur and New Gold may be the targets of legal claims, securities class actions, derivative lawsuits and other claims and negative publicity related to the Arrangement.

Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into acquisitions, mergers or other business combination agreements. Even if such a lawsuit is without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on Coeur's and New Gold's respective liquidity and financial condition.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Lawsuits that may be brought against Coeur, New Gold or their respective directors which could seek, among other things, injunctive relief or other equitable relief, including a request to rescind parts of the Arrangement Agreement already implemented and to otherwise enjoin the parties from consummating the Arrangement. One of the conditions to the Closing is that no law (including injunction or judgments) is in effect that makes the Arrangement illegal or enjoins or prohibits Coeur or New Gold from consummating the Arrangement. Consequently, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the Arrangement, that injunction may delay or prevent the Arrangement from being completed within the expected timeframe or at all, which may adversely affect Coeur's and New Gold's respective business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

There can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be successful in the outcome of any pending or any potential future lawsuits. The defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the Arrangement is completed may adversely affect Coeur's or New Gold's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, political and public attitudes towards the Arrangement could result in negative press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting Coeur or New Gold. There is an increasing level of public concern relating to the perceived effect of mining activities on indigenous communities. Local communities and stakeholders can become dissatisfied with our activities or with changes in personnel following the Arrangement. Adverse press coverage and other adverse statements could lead to investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims or otherwise negatively impact the ability of the combined company to take advantage of various business and market opportunities. The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on the combined company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

New Gold may have different liabilities than anticipated.

New Gold may have liabilities that Coeur was unable to discover in the course of performing its due diligence investigations. Other than publicly available information, all historical information relating to New Gold has been provided in exclusive reliance on the information made available to us by New Gold and its representatives. Through the completion of the Arrangement, New Gold continues to be obligated to file certain reports with the SEC and on SEDAR+. Additionally, pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, during the period from the date of the Arrangement Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination thereof, New Gold is required to notify us, subject to certain exceptions, of (i) changes that are or are reasonably expected to be material and adverse to the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of New Gold and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) communication from third parties alleging that their consent is required in connection with the Arrangement, and (iii) material proceedings commenced or threatened in connection with the Arrangement. Coeur may learn additional information about New Gold that materially adversely affects it, including, without limitation, unknown or contingent liabilities, environmental liabilities, significant capital expenditures that may not be known to Coeur or liabilities related to compliance with applicable laws. As a result of these factors, the combined company may incur additional costs and expenses and may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in the combined company reporting losses. Even if Coeur's due diligence has identified certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with its preliminary risk analysis. If any of these risks materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's financial condition and results of operations and could contribute to negative market perceptions about Coeur Common Stock.

The combined company may record goodwill and other intangible assets that could become impaired and result in material non-cash charges to the results of operations of the combined company in the future.

The combined company will account for the Arrangement as an acquisition of a business in accordance with GAAP. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of New Gold and its subsidiaries will be recorded, as of completion, at their respective fair values and added to those of Coeur. The reported financial condition and results of operations of Coeur for periods after completion of the Arrangement will reflect New Gold's balances and results after completion of the Arrangement, but will not be restated retroactively to reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of New Gold and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the Arrangement.

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to New Gold's identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values as of the

TABLE OF CONTENTS

completion date of the Arrangement, with any excess purchase price over those fair values recorded as goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles, if any, becomes impaired in the future, the combined company may be required to incur material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. The combined company's operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.

Potential payments to New Gold shareholders who exercise dissent rights could have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial condition or result in the Arrangement not being completed.

New Gold shareholders have the right to exercise dissent rights and demand payment equal to the fair value of their New Gold Common Shares. If dissent rights are properly exercised in respect of a significant number of New Gold Common Shares, a substantial payment may be required to be made to such New Gold shareholders by New Gold, which could have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial condition and cash flows. If, as of the Effective Date, the aggregate number of New Gold Common Shares in respect of which New Gold shareholders have validly exercised dissent rights exceeds 5% of the New Gold Common Shares outstanding, Coeur is entitled, in its discretion, not to complete the Arrangement.

Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following the Arrangement

The combined company may be unable to integrate the businesses of Coeur and New Gold successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement.

The Arrangement involves the combination of two companies that currently operate as independent public companies. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time consuming, and significant management attention and resources will be required to integrate the business practices and operations of New Gold into Coeur. This may divert our focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and/or operational matters during this integration stage. The success and the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement will depend upon our ability to effectively manage the integration, performance and operations of entities or properties of New Gold. Potential difficulties and risks that may accompany this Arrangement include the following:

• the inability to successfully combine the business or personnel of Coeur and New Gold in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve, on a timely basis, or at all, the cost savings and other benefits anticipated to result from the Arrangement;

• complexities associated with managing and supporting the combined businesses and the expanded operations, including difficulty addressing possible differences in operational philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets of each of the companies in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees, business partners and other constituencies;

• complexities associated with realizing anticipated synergies and maximizing the financial and strategic position of the combined enterprise, and maintaining uniform standards, policies and controls across the organization;

• the assumption of contractual obligations with less favorable or more restrictive terms;

• potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the Arrangement;

• a material ore body may prove to be below our expectations;

• loss of employees, labor disruptions, work stoppages or other disruptions in production; such labor disruptions may also be used to advocate labor, political or social goals;

• processing facilities may not operate as well as anticipated, and may require significant maintenance, downtime and capital investment; and

• difficulties or loss of social license to operate resulting from failure of efforts to establish positive relationships and/or agreements with local communities or local indigenous peoples.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In addition, Coeur and New Gold have operated and, until the completion of the Arrangement, will continue to operate, independently. It is possible that the integration process could result in:

• diversion of the attention of each company's management; and

• the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies.

Any of these issues could adversely affect each company's ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, smelters, refiners, contractors, third-party providers of materials, equipment or services and other constituencies or achieve the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement, or could reduce each company's earnings or otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of the combined company following the Arrangement.

Significant demands will be placed on the combined company as a result of the Arrangement.

As a result of the pursuit and completion of the Arrangement, significant demands will be placed on the managerial, operational and financial personnel and systems of the combined company. We cannot provide any assurance that the systems, procedures and controls of the combined company will be adequate to support the expansion of operations and associated increased costs and complexity following and resulting from the Arrangement. The future operating results of the combined company will be affected by the ability of its officers and key employees to manage changing business conditions, to integrate the acquisition of New Gold, to implement a new business strategy and to improve its operational and financial controls and reporting systems.

The trading price and volume of the combined company common stock may be volatile following the Arrangement.

The trading price and volume of the combined company common stock may be volatile following completion of the Arrangement. The stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of the combined company common stock. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. Many factors may impair the market for the combined company common stock and the ability of investors to sell shares at an attractive price, and could also cause the market price and demand for the combined company common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may negatively affect the price and liquidity of the combined company common stock. Many of these factors and conditions are beyond the control of the combined company or the combined company stockholders.

The consummation of the Arrangement may result in one or more ratings organizations taking actions which may adversely affect the combined company's business, financial condition and operating results, as well as the market price of our common stock.

Rating organizations regularly analyze the financial performance and condition of companies and may reevaluate the combined company's credit ratings following the consummation of the Arrangement. Factors that may impact the combined company's credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth, opportunities, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix and commodity pricing levels. If a ratings downgrade was to occur in connection with the Arrangement, the combined company could experience higher borrowing costs in the future and more restrictive covenants which would reduce profitability and diminish operational flexibility. We cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect following the consummation of the Arrangement for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant.

The market price of Coeur Common Stock may decline if large amounts of Coeur Common Stock are sold following the Arrangement and may be affected by factors different from those that historically have affected or that are currently affecting the market price of Coeur Common Stock.

The market price of Coeur Common Stock may fluctuate significantly following completion of the Arrangement and holders of Coeur Common Stock could lose some or all of the value of their investment. If the Arrangement is consummated, Coeur will issue shares of Coeur Common Stock to former New Gold shareholders. The Arrangement Agreement contains no restrictions on the ability of former New Gold shareholders to sell or otherwise dispose of such shares following completion of the Arrangement. Former New Gold shareholders may decide not to hold the

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shares of Coeur Common Stock that they receive in the Arrangement, and Coeur's historic stockholders may decide to reduce their investment in Coeur as a result of the changes to Coeur's investment profile as a result of the Arrangement. These sales of Coeur Common Stock (or the perception that these sales may occur) could have the effect of depressing the market price for Coeur Common Stock. In addition, Coeur's financial position after completion of the Arrangement may differ from its financial position before the completion of the Arrangement, and the results of Coeur's operations and cash flows after the completion of the Arrangement may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting its financial position or results of operations and cash flows, all of which could adversely affect the market price of Coeur Common Stock. Accordingly, the market price and performance of Coeur Common Stock is likely to be different from the performance of Coeur Common Stock prior to the Arrangement. Furthermore, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent times which, if they continue to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, Coeur Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.

New Gold public filings are subject to Canadian disclosure standards, which differ from SEC disclosure requirements.

Coeur's public disclosures are governed by the Exchange Act, including Regulation S-K 1300 thereunder, whereas New Gold discloses estimates of "measured," "indicated," and "inferred" mineral resources and "proven" and "probable" mineral reserves as such terms are used in Canada's National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ("NI 43-101"). Although S-K 1300 and NI 43-101 have similar goals in terms of conveying an appropriate level of confidence in the disclosures being reported, they at times embody different approaches or definitions. Consequently, public disclosures by New Gold prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 may not be comparable to similar information made public by companies, including Coeur, subject to S-K 1300 and the other reporting and disclosure requirements under the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The foregoing is not an exhaustive summary of Canadian or U.S. financial reporting requirements.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and the unaudited prospective financial and operating information prepared by Coeur included in this Proxy Statement are based on a number of preliminary estimates and assumptions and the actual results of operations, cash flows and financial position of the combined company after the Arrangement may differ materially.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and the unaudited prospective financial information and operating information in this Proxy Statement is presented for illustrative purposes only, has been prepared based on available information and certain assumptions and estimates that Coeur believes are reasonable, and is not necessarily indicative of what Coeur's actual financial position or results of operations would have been had the pro forma events been completed on the dates indicated. Further, the combined company's actual results and financial position after the pro forma events occur may differ materially and adversely from the unaudited pro forma information included in this Proxy Statement. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been prepared with Coeur as the accounting acquirer under U.S. GAAP and reflect adjustments based on estimates of, and assumptions related to, the fair value of assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed.

The financial forecasts are based on various assumptions that may not be realized.

The financial estimates set forth in the forecasts included under the section "The Arrangement-Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial and Operating Information" were based on assumptions of, and information available to, Coeur management when prepared, and these estimates and assumptions are subject to uncertainties, many of which are beyond Coeur's control and may not be realized. Many factors mentioned in this Proxy Statement, including the risks outlined in this "Risk Factors" section and the events or circumstances described under "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," will be important in determining the combined company's future results. As a result of these contingencies, actual future results may vary materially from Coeur's estimates. In view of these uncertainties, the inclusion of financial estimates in this Proxy Statement is not and should not be viewed as a representation that the forecasted results will be necessarily predictive of actual future results.

Coeur's financial estimates were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, and such financial estimates were not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of any regulatory or professional body. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and Coeur does not undertake any obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to update the financial estimates herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date those financial estimates were prepared or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or

TABLE OF CONTENTS

unanticipated events or circumstances. The forecasted financial information included in this Proxy Statement has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, Coeur management. Neither Coeur's independent registered public accounting firm, Grant Thornton LLP ("GT"), nor any other independent registered public accounting firm, including New Gold's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte LLP ("Deloitte,"), has audited, reviewed, examined, compiled or applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the company's forecasted financial information and, accordingly, GT and Deloitte do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and assume no responsibility for, and disclaim any association with, the prospective financial information. See "The Arrangement-Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial and Operating Information" for more information.

The anticipated benefits attributable to the Arrangement may vary from expectations.

The combined company may fail to realize the anticipated benefits expected from the Arrangement, which could adversely affect the combined company's business, financial condition and operating results. The mineral reserves and mineral resource figures presented in public filings are also based on estimates made by technical personnel and are a function of geological and engineering analyses that require assumptions about production costs, recoveries, and gold, silver, copper, zinc and lead market prices. Thus, irrespective of well-established controls, the estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resource figures are based on subjective factors. No assurances can be given that any mineral resource estimate will ultimately be reclassified as proven or probable mineral reserves or that inferred resources will be upgraded to measured or indicated resources. Any of these adjustments or updates to mining plans of the combined company or new or updated technical or geological information may also impact anticipated metal recovery rates. Any of these adjustments may adversely affect actual operating performance, production, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Expected benefits from the Arrangement are based on estimates of a variety of key factors, including mineral reserves and resources, grade, recovery rates, the ability of processing infrastructure to meet desired throughput rates, and operating costs, among others. However, achieving results in line with those estimates is subject to risks and uncertainties such as variability in grade, recovery rates and cost inputs and any inability of infrastructure to accommodate higher throughput. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully expand or extend the lives of existing mining operations, and a completed project may not yield the anticipated operational or financial benefits, such as expected availability, throughput, metal recovery rates, concentrate quality, unit costs, operating margin and/or cash flows, any of which may have a material negative impact on returns on invested capital, operating costs or cash flows.

The success of the Arrangement will depend, in significant part, on the combined company's ability to successfully integrate the acquired business, grow the revenue of the combined company and realize the anticipated strategic benefits from the combination. Coeur and New Gold believe that the combination of the companies will provide operational and financial scale, increase free cash flow, and generate meaningful stockholder return. However, achieving these goals requires, among other things, realization of the targeted cost synergies expected from the Arrangement. This growth and the anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Actual operating, technological, strategic and revenue opportunities, if achieved at all, may be less significant than expected or may take longer to achieve than anticipated. If the combined company is not able to achieve these objectives and realize the anticipated benefits expected from the Arrangement within the anticipated timing or at all, the combined company's business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.

The combined company is subject to risks associated with tariffs, trade restrictions, and international trade policy.

As an international company with operations and suppliers in the United States, Mexico, Canada, and other jurisdictions, the combined company would be exposed to risks caused by changing trade policies and the imposition of tariffs, duties, export or import controls, sanctions, quotas, and other policies regulating international commerce. These risks include potential increases in the cost of mining equipment, steel, chemical reagents, fuel, and other critical materials, as well as restrictions on the import or export of goods and technology essential to our operations. The imposition of tariffs by the United States or by countries where the combined company operates or sources materials could result in higher operating and capital costs, supply chain disruptions, and potential production delays. In addition, volatile geopolitical dynamics may contribute to currency volatility, inflationary pressure on materials and energy, and reduced global demand for gold, silver and copper. The combined company's ability to transport materials and finished products across borders is also subject to the risk of increased regulation or

TABLE OF CONTENTS

restriction by governmental authorities, including through customs delays, trade restrictions, or new licensing and quota requirements. Such measures could be adopted with little notice and may materially affect the combined company's operations. Further, the combined company may be adversely impacted by shifts in trade agreements, regional economic integration, or changes in the interpretation and enforcement of customs, tax, and environmental regulations affecting mining operations. Any such changes could result in the imposition of new or higher tariffs, royalties, or taxes; limitations on foreign ownership; or restrictions on the export of mined products, thereby increasing costs or reducing profitability. There can be no assurance that future foreign trade policies will not impose additional burdens on the mining industry or on the combined company specifically. The enactment or expansion of tariffs, export controls, or trade restrictions could materially and adversely affect the combined company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

The combined company's operations outside the United States may also expose the company to political and regulatory risks.

New Gold's Canadian operations, namely the Rainy River Mine in Ontario and the New Afton Mine in British Columbia, are also exposed to political and regulatory risks that extend beyond statutory compliance into the broader Canadian political landscape. While Canada is regarded as a stable jurisdiction, the perception of a U.S. takeover or consolidation within the mining sector can generate sensitivity among local communities, Indigenous governments, and other key stakeholders. Such perceptions may fuel concerns over foreign influence on resource management, environmental stewardship, or employment priorities. This potential resistance, whether political, social, or cultural, should be anticipated and carefully considered as a part of communication planning and Indigenous engagement strategies. Moreover, any shift in federal or provincial mining policy, particularly around environmental assessment processes, taxation, or resource royalties, could materially impact the company's operating flexibility and financial performance. As a result, maintaining transparent, locally grounded relationships and proactively addressing stakeholder expectations are critical to ensuring project continuity and preserving New Gold's social license to operate.

The future results of the combined company following the Arrangement will suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations.

Following the Arrangement, the size of the business of the combined company will increase significantly. The combined company's future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. The combined company may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of its business. There can be no assurances that the combined company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated from the Arrangement.

Other Risk Factors Relating to Coeur and New Gold

As a result of entering into the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur's and New Gold's businesses are and will be subject to the risks described above. In addition, Coeur is, and following completion of the Arrangement, Coeur will be, subject to the risks described in Coeur's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K as updated by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, which are filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement, and New Gold is subject to the risks described in New Gold's most recent annual information form for the year ended December 31, 2024, its management discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2024 and its most recent management's discussion and analysis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, which are filed with the SEC and on SEDAR+. See "Where You Can Find More Information" for the location of information incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETING

General

This Proxy Statement is being provided to Coeur stockholders as part of a solicitation of proxies by the Coeur Board for use at the special meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of such special meeting. This Proxy Statement provides Coeur stockholders with important information about the special meeting and should be read carefully in its entirety.

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

The special meeting will be held entirely online at the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDE2026SM, on January 27, 2026 at 10:00 AM, Central Time.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, Coeur is asking holders of shares of Coeur Common Stock to vote on the following proposals:

(a)

Proposal No. 1 - The Charter Amendment Proposal - to approve the Charter Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares; and

(b)

Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal - to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement.

Board Recommendation

After determining that it is advisable and in the best interests of Coeur and Coeur stockholders to consummate the Arrangement as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement and adopt the Charter Amendment, conditioned upon the Closing, the Coeur Board unanimously authorized, approved, and declared advisable the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock. Accordingly, the Coeur Board unanimously recommends that Coeur stockholders vote "FOR" each of the proposals to be considered and voted upon at the special meeting.

Coeur stockholders can cast separate votes on each proposal

There are certain risks associated with the Arrangement. See the "Risk Factors" section of this Proxy Statement for more information regarding such risks. Coeur stockholders should carefully read this Proxy Statement in its entirety for more detailed information concerning the Arrangement. In particular, Coeur stockholders are directed to the Arrangement Agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this Proxy Statement.

Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote

The Coeur Board has fixed the close of business on December 8, 2025 as the record date for determination of Coeur stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. Only Coeur stockholders of record holding shares of Coeur Common Stock as of the record date will receive notice of, and be entitled to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournments, postponements or continuations of the special meeting.

As of the record date for the special meeting, there were 642,106,588 shares of Coeur Common Stock outstanding and held by approximately 976 Coeur stockholders of record. Each Coeur stockholder is entitled to one vote at the special meeting for each share of Coeur Common Stock held by that stockholder at the record date. Coeur Common Stock is the only security the holders of which are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. Coeur does not have any other class of securities issued and outstanding, other than the Coeur Common Stock.

If you own shares that are registered in the name of someone else, such as a bank, broker or other nominee, you need to direct that organization to vote those shares or vote the shares yourself at the special meeting.

Quorum

The holders of a majority of the shares of Coeur Common Stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting must be present in person (online) or represented by proxy in order to constitute a quorum for all matters to come before the special meeting. A quorum must be present in order for there to be a vote on each of the proposals to be considered at the special meeting. It is important that Coeur stockholders vote promptly so that their shares are counted toward the quorum.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Banks, brokers and other nominees that hold their customers' shares in street name may not vote their customers' shares on "non-routine" matters without instructions from their customers. As the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal to be voted upon at the special meeting are considered "non-routine," such organizations do not have discretion to vote on the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal with a broker non-vote. Because all of the proposals to be voting on at the Special Meeting are "non-routine" matters, if you fail to provide your bank, broker or other nominee with any instructions regarding how to vote your shares with respect to the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, your shares will not be considered present at the special meeting, will not be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum and will not be voted on the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal. If you provide instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee which indicate how to vote your shares with respect to one proposal but not with respect to the other proposal, your shares will be considered present at the special meeting and be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum and voted, as instructed, with respect to the appropriate proposal, but will not be voted with respect to the other proposal.

Coeur may adjourn the special meeting if a quorum is not present at the special meeting. Regardless of whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, Coeur's chair of the board or the person presiding as chairman of the special meeting may adjourn the special meeting to a later date, without notice other than announcement at the special meeting. If an adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned special meeting, Coeur will provide notice of the adjourned special meeting to each Coeur stockholder of record entitled to vote at that special meeting scheduled to a later date.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

To Coeur's knowledge, the following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of Coeur Common Stock as of October 31, 2025 by (i) each person who is known by Coeur to own (or have the right to acquire within 60 days) beneficially more than five percent of the outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock, (ii) each named executive officer of Coeur, (iii) each director of Coeur and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. It is expected that each of Coeur's directors and executive officers will vote "FOR" each of the proposals.

Coeur has determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Information set forth in the tables below with respect to beneficial ownership of Coeur Common Stock has been obtained from filings made by the named beneficial ownership with the SEC as of November 3, 2025 or, in the case of Coeur's current executive officers and directors, has been provided to us by such individuals. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, Coeur believes, based on the information furnished to Coeur, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all Coeur Common Stock that he, she or it beneficially owns.

Unless otherwise noted, the mailing address of each person or entity named below is 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606.

?                                   ? ? ?                       ? ? ?
Name of Person or Identity of Group ? ? SharesBeneficiallyOwned ? ? Percent of Outstanding
Van Eck Associates Corporation      ? ? 66,164,364(1)           ? ? 10.3%
The Vanguard Group, Inc.            ? ? 40,696,218(2)           ? ? 6.33%
Blackrock, Inc.                     ? ? 36,307,720(3)           ? ? 5.65%
Mitchell J. Krebs                   ? ? 2,197,309               ? ? * 
Robert E. Mellor                    ? ? 290,476                 ? ? * 
J. Kenneth Thompson                 ? ? 277,086                 ? ? * 
N. Eric Fier                        ? ? 3,635,484               ? ? * 
Linda L. Adamany                    ? ? 239,681                 ? ? * 
Pierre Beaudoin                     ? ? 140,000                 ? ? * 
Eduardo Luna                        ? ? 101,841(4)              ? ? * 
Paramita Das                        ? ? 76,920                  ? ? * 
Jeane L. Hull                       ? ? 11,473(4)               ? ? * 
Casey M. Nault                      ? ? 568,623                 ? ? * 
Thomas S. Whelan                    ? ? 699,098(5)              ? ? * 
?                                   ? ? ?                       ? ? ?


TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                                                       ? ? ?                       ? ? ?
Name of Person or Identity of Group                                                     ? ? SharesBeneficiallyOwned ? ? Percent of Outstanding
Michael Routledge                                                                       ? ? 530,617                 ? ? * 
Emilie C. Schouten                                                                      ? ? 455,321                 ? ? * 
Aoife McGrath                                                                           ? ? 203,318                 ? ? * 
All current executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group (14 persons) ? ? 9,327,427               ? ? 1.5%
?                                                                                       ? ? ?                       ? ? ?


*

Holding constitutes less than 1% of the outstanding shares on December 8, 2025, of 642,106,588.

(1)

As of September 30, 2025, based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on November 11, 2025, Van Eck Associates Corporation had sole voting power over 65,923,623 shares and sole dispositive power over 66,164,364 shares. The shares are held within mutual funds and other client accounts managed by Van Eck Associates Corporation, none of which individually owns more than 5% of the outstanding shares. The address for Van Eck Associates Corporation is 666 Third Ave. 9th Floor, New York, New York 10017.

(2)

As of December 31, 2024, based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 8, 2025, The Vanguard Group, Inc. had sole voting power over zero shares, shared voting power over 285,085 shares, sole dispositive power over 39,931,909 shares and shared dispositive power over 764,309 shares. The address for the Vanguard Group, Inc. is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355.

(3)

As of December 31, 2023, based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 24, 2024, Blackrock, Inc. had sole voting power over 35,027,816 shares and sole dispositive power over 36,307,720 shares. The address for Blackrock, Inc. is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001.

(4)

Excludes 79,458 and 34,129 deferred stock units ("DSU") for Ms. Hull and Mr. Luna, respectively. Each DSU represents a right to receive one share of Coeur common stock, which will be delivered on the 60th day after separation from Board service.

(5)

Includes 6,000 shares held in a college savings plan for Mr. Whelan's daughter.

Required Vote

Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Voting by Proxy

This Proxy Statement is being sent to you on behalf of the Coeur Board for the purpose of requesting that you allow your shares of Coeur Common Stock to be represented at the special meeting by the persons named in the enclosed proxy card. All shares of Coeur Common Stock represented at the special meeting by properly executed proxy cards, voted over the telephone or voted over the internet will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on those proxies. If you sign and return a proxy card without giving voting instructions, your shares will be voted as follows:

• "FOR" Proposal No. 1 - The Charter Amendment Proposal - to approve the Charter Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares; and

• "FOR" Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal - to approve the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement.

How to Vote

You may vote by any of the four methods listed below. If your shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in "street name" by your bank, broker or other nominee, please see "Questions and Answers About the Special Meeting and the Arrangement-How do I vote if my Shares of Coeur Common Stock are held in "street name" by my bank, broker or other nominee?".

? ? ? ? ? ? ?
  ? ? ? ? ? Internet. You may vote on the Internet at http://www.proxyvote.com. This website also allows electronic proxy voting using smartphones, tablets and other web-connected mobile devices (additional charges may
? ? ? ? ? ? ?


TABLE OF CONTENTS























apply pursuant to your service provider plan). Simply follow the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. If you vote on the Internet, you can request electronic delivery of future proxy materials. Internet voting facilities for Coeur stockholders of record will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 26, 2026.

















Telephone. You may vote by telephone by following the instructions on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. You may call toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada via 1-800-690-6903. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to vote your stock and confirm that your vote has been properly recorded. Telephone voting facilities for Coeur stockholders of record will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 26, 2026.



















Mail. If you received a proxy card by mail, you may vote by mail by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the pre-addressed, postage-paid envelope provided. If you vote by mail and your proxy card is returned unsigned, then your vote cannot be counted. If you vote by mail and the returned proxy card is signed without indicating how you want to vote, then your proxy will be voted as recommended by the Coeur Board. If mailed, your completed and signed proxy card must be received by January 26, 2026.



















Meeting. You may attend (online) and vote electronically at the special meeting.















The Coeur Board recommends that you vote by internet, telephone or mail. Even if you plan to attend the virtual special meeting, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy or voting instruction card or vote over the telephone or the Internet as instructed in these materials as promptly as possible to ensure that your shares will be represented at the special meeting if you are unable to attend. You may still attend the virtual special meeting and vote online by ballot even if you have already voted by proxy.

If your shares are held in "street name" by your bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and the proxy materials will be forwarded to you by your bank, broker or nominee. The bank, broker or nominee is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your bank, broker or nominee how to vote. Beneficial owners that receive the proxy materials by mail from the stockholder of record should follow the instructions included in those materials (usually a voting instruction card) to transmit voting instructions.

Revoking Your Proxy

You may revoke your proxy before the voting polls are closed at the special meeting, by the following methods:

• voting at a later time by Internet or telephone until 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on January 26, 2026;

• voting in person (online) at the special meeting;

• delivering to our Corporate Secretary a proxy with a later date or a written revocation of your most recent proxy; or

• giving notice to the inspector of elections at the special meeting.

If your Coeur Common Stock is held in street name by a bank, broker or other nominee, and you vote by proxy, you may later revoke your proxy by informing the holder of record in accordance with that entity's procedures.

Adjournments and Postponements

Although it is not currently expected, the special meeting may, subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, be adjourned or postponed to a later date. Regardless of whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the person presiding as chairman of the special meeting may adjourn the special meeting to a later date, without notice other than announcement at the special meeting. If an adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned special meeting, Coeur will provide notice of the adjourned

TABLE OF CONTENTS

special meeting to each Coeur stockholder of record entitled to vote at that special meeting scheduled to a later date. Any adjournment of the special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies will allow Coeur stockholders who have already sent in their proxies to revoke them at any time before voting occurs at the rescheduled special meeting.

Householding

One copy of this Proxy Statement and notice will be sent to Coeur stockholders that share an address, unless they have notified Coeur that they want to continue receiving multiple packages. Each Coeur stockholder in the household will continue to receive a separate proxy card. This process, known as "householding," reduces the volume of duplicate information received at a household and helps to reduce Coeur's expenses. A copy will also be sent upon written or oral request to any Coeur stockholder of a shared address to which a single copy was delivered. If two or more Coeur stockholders with a shared address are currently receiving only one copy, then they may request to receive multiple packages in the future, or if a Coeur stockholder is currently receiving multiple packages, then the Coeur stockholder may request to receive a single copy in the future. Such requests may be made by writing to Investor Relations, Coeur Mining, Inc., 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606, by calling (312) 489-5800 or by emailing at investors@coeur.com.

Solicitation of Proxies

The Coeur Board is soliciting your proxy in connection with the special meeting and Coeur will bear all costs of solicitation related to the special meeting. Solicitation initially will be by mail. In addition to sending and making available these materials, some of Coeur's directors, officers and other employees may solicit proxies by contacting Coeur stockholders via the Internet, by mail, personal interview, telephone or other electronic medium. None of Coeur's officers or employees will receive any extra compensation for soliciting Coeur stockholders. Coeur may also request banking institutions, brokerage firms, custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward solicitation material to the beneficial owners of the common stock that those companies or persons hold of record, and Coeur will reimburse the forwarding expenses.

In addition, Coeur has retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc., to assist in the solicitation of proxies. For these proxy solicitation services, we will pay MacKenzie Partners, Inc. an estimated fee of approximately $17,500, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and fees for any additional services.

Other Business

Coeur does not expect that any matter other than the proposals listed above will be brought before the special meeting. If, however, other matters are properly brought before the special meeting, or any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting, the persons named as proxies will vote on such matters in their discretion.

Assistance in Completing the Proxy Card

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the various voting options with respect to the special meeting, please contact Coeur's proxy solicitor:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

7 Penn Plaza, Suite 503

New York, NY 10001

(212) 929-5500

(800) 322-2885 (toll free)

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE ARRANGEMENT

This section of the Proxy Statement describes the material aspects of the proposed Arrangement. This section may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should carefully read this entire proxy statement and the documents incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement, including the full text of the Arrangement Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex A, for a more complete understanding of the proposed Arrangement. In addition, important business and financial information about each of New Gold and Coeur is included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. See the "Where You Can Find More Information" section of this Proxy Statement.

Structure of the Arrangement

On November 2, 2025, Coeur entered into an Arrangement Agreement with, the Canadian Sub and New Gold, pursuant to which, among other things, Coeur has agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding Common Shares of New Gold in a stock-for-stock transaction, subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The transaction will be effected by way of a plan of arrangement under the BCBCA. Under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold shareholders (other than dissenting New Gold shareholders), will receive 0.4959 shares of Coeur Common Stock in exchange for each New Gold Common Share held immediately prior to the Effective Time.

Background of the Arrangement

In the ordinary course, the Coeur board of directors ("Coeur Board") and management ("Coeur Management") continually evaluate Coeur's operations, performance, strategy, financial position, and future business prospects and risks in light of current business and economic conditions, with a focus on generating long-term value. In connection with such evaluation, the Coeur Board and Coeur Management also review and assess potential strategic alternatives available to Coeur, including potential mergers and acquisitions that meet a framework of criteria developed by the Coeur Board and Coeur Management. This framework generally promotes a focus on opportunities that accomplish several key priorities, including that they: (i) allow Coeur to retain its profile as a precious metals mining company focused on operating in North America; (ii) deliver an attractive rate of return relative to Coeur's cost of capital; (iii) are accretive to a number of key metrics, including on cost profile, net asset value per share, and other metrics like free cash flow; (iv) improve portfolio resilience, either through scale, margin or mine life; (v) align with Coeur's disciplined health, safety, and sustainability strategies and (vi) support Coeur's ability to retain its US taxpayer status and listing on the New York Stock Exchange.

Coeur has from time to time engaged various financial advisors to assist the Coeur Board and Coeur Management in connection with assessments of potential strategic alternatives like mergers and acquisitions, including engagements with BMO Capital Markets and RBCCM, as well as legal counsel to assist with potential transactions and other corporate matters, including Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP ("Gibson Dunn") and Goodmans LLP ("Goodmans").

Regularly throughout 2022 and 2023, including at Coeur's annual strategic review sessions, the Coeur Board discussed potential strategic alternatives and strategic counterparties, including New Gold, as Coeur looked beyond the completion and ramp-up of the multi-year expansion project at its Rochester silver-gold mine in Nevada.

As part of its regular strategic assessment process, during meetings over December 11-13, 2023, members of the Coeur Board and Coeur Management discussed potential strategic transactions, including a combination with other precious metals mining companies, including New Gold and SilverCrest. The Coeur Board did not make any determinations at these meetings as to whether a business combination transaction would be the optimal strategic opportunity for Coeur to pursue but noted key compelling characteristics for certain potential opportunities.

During February 15-16, 2024, the Coeur Board held a regular meeting, which was attended by members of Coeur Management. At the meeting, the directors further discussed potential strategic transactions and potential counterparties, including specifically potential combinations with SilverCrest and New Gold. Again, the Coeur Board did not make any determinations as to whether a business combination transaction would be Coeur's optimal strategic opportunity, but identified certain compelling characteristics and expressed support for Coeur Management to engage in preliminary discussions with select potential counterparties, including SilverCrest and New Gold, regarding a strategic transaction, and to monitor the market for other potential strategic opportunities.

In February 2024, at the BMO Metals, Mining & Critical Minerals Conference in Florida, among several other meetings, Mr. Patrick Godin, Chief Executive Officer of New Gold, and Mr. Ankit Shah, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of New Gold, met with Mr. Mitchell Krebs, Chairman, President and Chief Executive

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Officer of Coeur, and Mr. Thomas Whelan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Coeur, and held preliminary, high-level discussions about the merits of a potential business combination between New Gold and Coeur.

On March 25, 2024, Coeur and New Gold entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement (the "March 2024 NDA"). Later that day, Mr. Krebs and Mr. Whelan had a dinner meeting in Chicago with Mr. Godin and Mr. Shah during which the parties discussed their respective businesses and potential merits of a strategic combination.

During the months of March through July 2024, Coeur continued to conduct due diligence on SilverCrest and New Gold. During this period, Coeur also entered into confidentiality agreements and conducted due diligence with respect to two additional potential acquisition transactions. Following the respective due diligence processes, Coeur determined that differing valuations and risks related to those two other opportunities outweighed the expected benefits, and determined not to proceed with either counterparty.

During May 15-16, 2024, the Coeur Board held a regular meeting that was attended by members of Coeur Management and, at Coeur's invitation, representatives of BMO Capital Markets. At the meeting, the Coeur Board discussed, among other things, company strategy, including internal growth initiatives and opportunities such as the ramp-up of Rochester, execution of the multi-year exploration and development program at Kensington and advancing exploration at Silvertip, as well as potential M&A opportunities, including New Gold and SilverCrest. BMO Capital Markets also discussed with the Coeur Board potential strategic internal opportunities and possible merger counterparties, including a possible simultaneous merger of Coeur with New Gold and SilverCrest. Following the Coeur Board Meeting, Coeur, together with its legal advisors, analyzed considerations for a potential three-way combination transaction involving Coeur, New Gold and SilverCrest.

On June 14, 2024, technical and operations members of New Gold's management team conducted an in-depth presentation for Coeur's due diligence team on the technical aspects of New Gold's operations, exploration potential and life of mine plans. Also on June 14, 2024, Mr. Krebs and Mr. Godin met in New York to continue discussions.

On July 15, 2024, the Coeur Board received an update from Coeur Management on a videoconference. At such videoconference, the Coeur Board discussed the advantages and disadvantages of engaging in a potential strategic transaction, including in respect of potential opportunities with SilverCrest, New Gold and another potential counterparty. The Coeur Board further discussed the ongoing due diligence processes with respect to SilverCrest and New Gold, and reaffirmed its support for Coeur Management continuing to engage with SilverCrest and New Gold while also monitoring other potential strategic opportunities in the market.

Later on July 15, 2024, Coeur and New Gold held a mutual information-sharing session. Following such session, Coeur and New Gold continued to share confidential information, perform due diligence on each other, and engage in discussions. However, discussions between Coeur and New Gold did not result in alignment on pricing and valuation and Coeur ultimately decided to submit a non-binding indication of interest only to SilverCrest on August 2, 2024. Although conversations with New Gold ceased shortly before Coeur submitted its indication of interest to SilverCrest, Coeur continued to monitor developments in New Gold's business.

On October 4, 2024, Coeur and SilverCrest issued a joint news release publicly announcing the execution of an arrangement agreement that would combine the businesses of Coeur and SilverCrest. On February 14, 2025, the SilverCrest transaction was completed.

Following the completion of the SilverCrest transaction, Coeur Management worked to integrate the Las Chispas mine into its portfolio and Coeur realized significant progress in its deleveraging initiatives and improvements in several key financial metrics. Coeur Management also continued its regular review of potential transaction opportunities as part of its continuous evaluation of business and economic conditions, including continued monitoring of New Gold's business and its potential as a counterparty in a future transaction.

In March 2025, having completed the acquisition of SilverCrest and having observed further positive developments in New Gold's business, Coeur expressed interest to New Gold in renewing dialogue on a possible transaction. On March 27, 2025, Mr. Godin and Mr. Krebs met for breakfast in Toronto to further discuss details of a conceptual framework for a transaction. As a result of these discussions, the parties agreed that they should amend and extend the March 2024 NDA to facilitate further due diligence and the evaluation of a potential transaction.

On April 17, 2025, Coeur and New Gold entered into an amended and restated confidentiality agreement, which included a 12-month mutual standstill and non-solicitation provision.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On May 28, 2025, New Gold's management team made a presentation to members of Coeur Management, which included, among other things, a preliminary view of New Gold's long-term upside growth plans at each of its operations. Both parties agreed to continue the due diligence process and to coordinate site visits by representatives of Coeur to each of the New Afton and Rainy River mines.

In late-June 2025, as part of its broader regular assessment of potential strategic opportunities, Coeur reinitiated due diligence on New Gold's operations. During June 30-July 2, 2025, members of Coeur Management and Coeur's technical team visited New Gold's New Afton operation in British Columbia, Canada. Following the site visit, both New Gold and Coeur opened virtual data rooms for employees from each company to exchange information as part of due diligence reviews.

On July 23, 2025, the Coeur Board held a strategy session in Reno, Nevada, attended by members of Coeur management and representatives of BMO Capital Markets. As part of that session, the Coeur Board discussed potential strategic transactions, including a potential business combination with New Gold, and the Board reaffirmed its support for Coeur Management to continue evaluating the opportunity and engaging in discussions with New Gold.

From August 11-13, 2025, members of Coeur Management and technical teams conducted a due diligence visit to New Gold's Rainy River operation in Ontario, Canada.

Following the site visit, on August 15, 2025, Mr. Godin and Mr. Krebs met in person at Coeur's Vancouver office to further discuss a potential transaction and technical findings resulting from Coeur's site visits to New Afton and Rainy River. Both Mr. Godin and Mr. Krebs agreed to continue discussions and the due diligence process.

On August 23, 2025, Mr. Krebs provided an update to the Coeur Board regarding the recent site visits and preliminary discussions with New Gold. Having received this update, the Coeur Board expressed its support for Coeur Management, working with Coeur's outside legal and financial advisors, to make an initial, non-binding proposal to acquire New Gold in an all-stock transaction.

On September 8, 2025, Mr. Krebs spoke with Mr. Godin via telephone. During that discussion, Mr. Krebs confirmed that a letter of intent would be forthcoming and outlined the merits of a potential business combination between New Gold and Coeur, including the strategic rationale for the combined business, governance considerations and other key terms that New Gold could expect in Coeur's proposal.

On September 8, 2025, Coeur submitted a non-binding proposal (the "September 8 Proposal") to acquire New Gold in an all-stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio of 0.4939 of a Coeur share per New Gold share. The September 8 Proposal implied a price of $7.25 per New Gold share and represented a 15% premium to New Gold's closing share price on September 5, 2025 (the trading day prior to delivery of the September 8 Proposal) and a 12% premium based on the 20-day volume-weighted average prices ("VWAPs") of Coeur and New Gold shares (in each case based on U.S. trading prices). The September 8 Proposal contemplated two current New Gold directors (one such director being Mr. Godin) joining the Coeur Board at closing of the transaction. The September 8 Proposal also included a request that Coeur and New Gold enter into a six-week exclusivity period.

On September 11, 2025, New Gold responded to the September 8 Proposal indicating that its board of directors (the "New Gold Board") was not prepared to grant exclusivity based on the terms of the September 8 Proposal, but would engage in further discussions with Coeur on a non-exclusive basis in an effort to determine if agreement could be reached on a proposal, including exclusivity terms, that the New Gold Board would support. New Gold noted that it believed the exchange ratio contained in the September 8 Proposal did not appropriately recognize the contribution of New Gold to the combined entity, including net asset value and free cash flow, highlighting that in the combined company its New Afton and Rainy River operations would provide significant free cash flow and make up two of the top three assets by net asset value, as well as two of the top four assets by production. Accordingly, New Gold proposed an exchange ratio that represented a 27% premium to the 20-day VWAPs of New Gold and Coeur.

On September 12, 2025, at the request of Coeur and New Gold, representatives of BMO Capital Markets and National Bank Financial Inc. ("NBF"), New Gold's financial advisor, held a call to discuss the terms of the September 8 Proposal and New Gold's response.

On September 13, 2025, Mr. Krebs, Mr. Kenneth Thompson, Lead Independent Director for Coeur, Mr. Godin and Mr. O'Brien, Chairman for New Gold, met for dinner in Denver, in advance of the Gold Forum Americas conference

TABLE OF CONTENTS

in Colorado Springs, Colorado to discuss sector dynamics and the potential strategic rationale for a combination of the two companies. At the meeting, Mr. Krebs indicated that Coeur was not in a position to make a proposal with an exchange ratio in excess of a 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAP of Coeur and New Gold at prevailing market prices.

On September 15, 2025, at the request of Coeur and New Gold, representatives from BMO Capital Markets and NBF met to discuss the respective proposals. During this discussion, in accordance with Coeur's directives, BMO Capital Markets indicated that Coeur was prepared to deliver a revised letter of intent, which would set a framework to establish the exchange ratio at a 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAPs of Coeur and New Gold at the time that a definitive transaction agreement would be signed.

On September 17, 2025, Coeur submitted a revised non-binding proposal (the "September 17 Proposal") to acquire New Gold in an all-stock transaction in which the exchange ratio would be fixed shortly prior to announcement such that the implied consideration to New Gold shareholders would reflect a 17.5% premium based on the 20-day VWAPs of Coeur and New Gold. In connection with such proposal, Coeur requested that New Gold agree to a six week exclusivity period in order to conduct due diligence.

On September 19, 2025, New Gold agreed to move forward on the key terms set forth in the September 17 Proposal, provided that certain terms of the proposal were modified, including revision to make the exclusivity obligation mutual (the "September 19 Proposal").

On September 23-24, 2025, the Coeur Board held a meeting attended by members of Coeur Management and BMO Capital Markets to review the status of discussions with New Gold and to consider next steps. The Coeur Board considered the proposed exchange ratio and other terms set forth in the September 19 Proposal and agreed to proceed with the proposal.

On September 24, 2025, Coeur submitted to New Gold an updated non-binding proposal (the "September 25 Proposal") reflecting the 17.5% premium based on the 20-day VWAPs of Coeur and New Gold and mutual exclusivity obligations to extend through November 3, 2025. New Gold accepted the proposal, with the parties signing the proposal on September 25, 2025. On the same date, Coeur and New Gold amended their confidentiality agreement to extend the duration of the standstill and non-solicit provisions for an additional 12-month period and extend the agreement term until April 17, 2027. On September 25, 2025, the New Gold closing share price was $6.81 per share and Coeur was $18.20 per share.

Following execution of the September 25 Proposal, each of Coeur and New Gold uploaded additional materials to their virtual data rooms and provided opportunity for additional respective advisors to conduct further financial, tax, legal, and other documentary due diligence. In addition, Coeur's and New Gold's technical teams and advisors continued to perform technical due diligence and scheduled further site visits.

During September 29-October 2, 2025, representatives of New Gold visited Coeur's Rochester, Palmarejo, and Las Chispas operations.

On October 12, 2025, Goodmans delivered an initial draft of the Arrangement Agreement to Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP ("Davies"), New Gold's Canadian legal counsel. The draft Arrangement Agreement contemplated a transaction in which a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur would acquire New Gold in an all-stock transaction and included, among other terms, (i) customary representations, warranties and covenants for Coeur and New Gold, (ii) mutual non-solicitation covenants with customary exceptions, (iii) provisions allowing each party to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in order to accept a "superior proposal", subject to paying a termination fee to the other, and (iv) provisions allowing either party to terminate the Arrangement Agreement if the other had suffered a material adverse effect or breached its non-solicitation covenants in any material respect.

Between October 12, 2025 and October 19, 2025, representatives from Coeur's technical and exploration teams conducted additional site visits to New Gold's New Afton and Rainy River mines to conduct further due diligence and meet with New Gold management.

On October 15, 2025, Mr. Krebs delivered an update to the Coeur Board about progress on due diligence of the New Gold opportunity, as well as recent discussions and negotiations between the parties, to supplement discussion from the Board's last meeting in September.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On October 20, 2025, Davies delivered a revised draft of the Arrangement Agreement to Goodmans. Among its proposed edits, Davies proposed modifications to various representations, warranties, and covenants, revised amounts and triggering events for the termination fees, and edits to various other provisions.

On October 24, 2025, Goodmans delivered an updated draft of the Arrangement Agreement to Davies. Over the next several days, the parties continued to negotiate and exchange further drafts of the transaction documents.

On October 28, 2025, New Gold reported financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. New Gold reported that it had generated $205 million of free cash flow during the quarter, up 225% quarter over quarter. On October 29, the New Gold closing price was $7.00 per share, up from $6.33 on October 28, 2025. On October 30, 2025, the New Gold closing price was $7.36 per share.

On October 29, 2025, Coeur reported its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. Also, on October 29, 2025, representatives of BMO Capital Markets provided the Coeur Board with certain information regarding BMO Capital Markets' material investment banking relationships with Coeur and New Gold during the approximately prior two-year period.

On October 30, 2025, at Coeur's request, representatives of BMO Capital Markets contacted representatives of NBF during which the financial advisors discussed the status of various open points and the fact that the parties may need to revisit the proposed framework for establishing the exchange ratio in light of recent trading prices.

On October 31, 2025, Mr. Krebs and Mr. Godin discussed the continued strategic rationale for a transaction but acknowledged that the 17.5% premium based on the 20-day VWAPs of Coeur and New Gold, as set forth in the September 25 Proposal, would result in an implied price of $6.97, which would be a discount to New Gold's then-current closing price. Mr. Godin suggested that the parties agree to a 17.5% premium to New Gold's then-current closing price.

Later on October 31, 2025, following discussion with several members of the Coeur Board and receipt of additional financial analyses, Mr. Krebs communicated to Mr. Godin that he did not believe the Coeur Board would support a transaction at a 17.5% spot premium. However, Mr. Krebs noted that at a 16% spot premium, the transaction would remain accretive on all of Coeur's key per share metrics, including net asset value, operating cash flow, and free cash flow. Mr. Godin noted that he would revisit the transaction premium with the New Gold Board and the parties agreed to continue negotiating transaction documents in the event agreement on the transaction premium could be reached.

On the evening of October 31, 2025, representatives of New Gold indicated to representatives of Coeur that a 16% spot premium would be acceptable, subject to final approval by the Board.

On November 2, 2025, the Coeur Board convened a meeting in which certain members of Coeur Management and representatives of BMO Capital Markets, RBCCM, Goodmans and Gibson Dunn were present to review the final proposed transaction terms. Eduardo Luna, a director on the Coeur Board, was unable to attend the meeting, although he had attended each prior Coeur Board meeting in 2023, 2024, and 2025 that discussed the potential transaction and confirmed his support and availability to execute an action by unanimous written consent following the meeting. At this meeting, representatives of Gibson Dunn and Goodmans discussed with the Coeur Board its fiduciary duties, due diligence efforts conducted throughout Coeur's evaluation of the opportunity, and the final terms of the proposed Arrangement Agreement. During the meeting, BMO Capital Markets and RBCCM also reviewed their respective financial analyses of the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, with the Coeur Board and each separately rendered an oral opinion, confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated November 2, 2025, to the Coeur Board to the effect that, as of such date and based on the assumptions, qualifications, limitations and other matters set forth in their respective written opinions, the Exchange Ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Coeur.

Following discussion, all directors present unanimously (i) determined that the Arrangement Agreement, the plan of arrangement and the transactions contemplated thereby were fair to, and in the best interests of, Coeur and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared it advisable to enter into the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of shares of Coeur common stock and amending the Coeur's certificate of incorporation in connection with the Arrangement, and (iii) resolved to recommend that Coeur stockholders approve such stock issuance and amendment to Coeur's certificate of incorporation. All directors, including Mr. Luna, signed a unanimous written consent following the meeting to document the foregoing.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Following the meeting, representatives of each of Coeur and New Gold working with Goodmans, Gibson Dunn and Davies finalized the Arrangement Agreement, plan of arrangement and all ancillary documentation. Later that evening, the parties executed and delivered the Arrangement Agreement and related documents.

On November 3, 2025, before the opening of markets, Coeur and New Gold issued a joint news release announcing the execution of the Arrangement Agreement, and the proposed Arrangement that would combine the businesses of Coeur and New Gold.

Coeur's Reasons for the Arrangement

In evaluating the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Coeur Board consulted with Coeur's senior management and legal and financial advisors. The Coeur Board considered a number of factors when evaluating the Arrangement, many of which support the Coeur Board's determination that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are advisable to and in the best interests of Coeur and its stockholders. The Coeur Board considered these factors as a whole and without assigning relative weight to each such factor, and overall considered the relevant factors to be favorable to, and supportive of, its determinations and recommendations. These factors (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance and are not exhaustive) included:

• the belief that the Arrangement will create the industry's only all North American senior precious metals mining company while increasing 2026 EBITDA to approximately $3 billion and free cash flow to approximately $2 billion, resulting in a sector-leading free cash flow yield and a rapidly growing cash balance;

• the belief that New Gold's New Afton underground mine located in British Columbia is one of the best assets in Canada and will add significant free cash flow and multiyear growth to Coeur's current profile;

• the belief that increased cash flow will allow the combined company to reinvest in a wide range of organic growth opportunities, including the K Zone at New Afton, brownfields exploration at Rainy River and across existing operations in the U.S., Mexico and Canada;

• the belief that New Gold's Rainy River mine may provide strong near-term cash flow through the continued ramp up of underground mining;

• the belief that New Gold's Rainy River mine has significant exploration potential;

• the belief that the expected material increase in Coeur's market capitalization will increase Coeur's capital markets presence and provide greater trading liquidity and market exposure;

• the belief that the acquisition of the New Afton and Rainy River mines will increase Coeur's exposure to Tier 1 jurisdictions;

• the belief that Coeur's increased scale will provide enhanced strategic flexibility;

• the belief that the restrictions imposed on Coeur's business and operations during the pendency of the Arrangement are reasonable and not unduly burdensome;

• the belief that the aligned organizational cultures between Coeur and New Gold will support a smooth integration process;

• the belief that Coeur's deep internal expertise with similar operating assets and its success with the recent integration of SilverCrest will benefit the combined company;

• that the Exchange Ratio to New Gold shareholders is fixed and will not fluctuate in the event that the market price of New Gold Common Shares increases relative to the market price of Coeur common stock between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Closing;

• that the boards of directors of both New Gold and Coeur have unanimously recommended support for the Arrangement, and the directors and senior officers of New Gold and Coeur have entered into Voting Agreements pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to vote in favor of the Arrangement and in favor of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, as applicable;

• the likelihood of consummation of the Arrangement and the Coeur Board's evaluation of the likely timeframe necessary to close the Arrangement;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• that Coeur stockholders will have the opportunity to vote on the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, which are conditions precedent to the Arrangement;

• that following the Arrangement, two of the current directors of New Gold, Patrick Godin and a director to be named will join the board of directors of the combined company, and management of the combined company will feature proven and experienced mining and business leaders at both the board and executive management levels;

• the Coeur Board's knowledge of, and discussions with, Coeur's senior management and advisors regarding Coeur's and New Gold's business operations, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, taking into account Coeur's due diligence investigation of New Gold;

• the opinion, dated November 2, 2025, of BMO Capital Markets to the Coeur Board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to Coeur of the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, which opinion was based on and subject to various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken by BMO Capital Markets as more fully described below under the heading "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp." beginning on page 70 and Annex D to this Proxy Statement; and

• the oral opinion of RBCCM, subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of a written opinion, to the effect that, as of November 2, 2025, and based upon and subject to the assumptions, qualifications, limitations and other matters set forth in RBCCM's written opinion, the Exchange Ratio pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Coeur. For additional information, see the section entitled "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC" beginning on page 78 and Annex E to this Proxy Statement.

The Coeur Board also considered a variety of risks and other potentially negative factors associated with the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. These factors (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance and are not exhaustive) included:

• the possibility that the Arrangement may not be completed or that completion may be unduly delayed for reasons beyond the control of Coeur or New Gold, including the failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals (including the Mexico Antitrust Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval) in a timely manner, or the failure to receive the requisite Coeur stockholder approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal or New Gold Shareholder Approval of the Arrangement resolution;

• that the Exchange Ratio in the Arrangement Agreement is fixed and, as a result, Coeur stockholders cannot be certain at the time of the special meeting of the total market value of the consideration to be paid, and the possibility that Coeur stockholders could be adversely affected in the event that the market price of Coeur Common Stock increases relative to the market price of New Gold Common Shares between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Closing;

• that there are significant risks inherent in integrating the operations of New Gold into Coeur, including that expected synergies may not be realized, and that successful integration will require the dedication of significant management resources, which will temporarily detract attention from the day-to-day businesses of the combined company;

• that the Arrangement Agreement provides that, in certain circumstances, Coeur could be required to pay a termination fee of $413,705,000 to New Gold or reimburse New Gold's reasonable and documented third-party expenses of up to $33,965,000;

• the negative effect that the length of time from announcement of the Arrangement until completion of the Arrangement could have on the market price of Coeur Common Stock, Coeur's operating results and Coeur's relationship with its employees, stockholders and industry contacts and others who do business with Coeur;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• that the restrictions on the conduct of Coeur's business prior to the consummation of the Arrangement, although believed to be reasonable and not unduly burdensome, may delay or prevent Coeur from undertaking business opportunities that may arise or other actions it would otherwise take with respect to the operations of Coeur pending the consummation of the Arrangement;

• that while the Arrangement Agreement only permits the New Gold Board to change its recommendation in certain circumstances, the Arrangement Agreement permits New Gold to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal (subject to limitations set out in the Arrangement Agreement, including payment of a $254,725,000 termination fee by New Gold to Coeur);

• that the Arrangement Agreement restricts Coeur's ability to entertain alternative transactions unless certain conditions are satisfied;

• the substantial costs to be incurred in connection with the Arrangement, including integrating the businesses of Coeur and New Gold, and advisor and other transaction costs to be incurred in connection with the Arrangement;

• the possibility of losing key employees and skilled workers as a result of the expected consolidation of Coeur's and New Gold's personnel when the Arrangement is completed;

• the potential for litigation relating to the Arrangement and the associated costs, burden and inconvenience involved in defending those proceedings;

• the potential that Coeur's management team will need to expend a significant amount of its time and attention to implementing the Arrangement, including making arrangements for the integration of New Gold's and Coeur's operations, assets and employees following the Arrangement;

• the risks associated with the occurrence of events that may materially and adversely affect the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations of New Gold and its subsidiaries but that may not entitle Coeur to terminate the Arrangement Agreement;

• that New Gold is currently subject to litigation or other proceedings with various parties and if decided adversely to New Gold, these legal proceedings or others that may be brought in the future could materially and adversely affect the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations of New Gold and its subsidiaries;

• that New Gold shareholders are entitled to dissent rights under the BCBCA, as modified by the Plan of Arrangement, Interim Order and Final Order; and

• other risks of the type and nature described in the section titled "Risk Factors."

After taking into account the factors set forth above, among others, the Coeur Board concluded that the risks, uncertainties, restrictions and potentially negative factors associated with the Arrangement were outweighed by the potential benefits of the Arrangement to Coeur stockholders.

This foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Coeur Board, as a whole, in reaching its conclusion and recommendations includes the principal factors considered by the Coeur Board with respect to the Arrangement but is not intended to be exhaustive and is not provided in any specific order or ranking. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Coeur Board in evaluating the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and the complexity of these matters, the Coeur Board did not find it practicable to, and did not attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weight to those factors. In addition, different members of the Coeur Board may have given different weight to different factors. The Coeur Board did not reach any specific conclusion with respect to any of the factors considered and instead conducted an overall analysis of such factors and determined that, in the aggregate, the potential benefits considered outweighed the potential risks or possible negative consequences of approving the Arrangement Agreement and the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement.

In considering the recommendation of the Coeur Board to approve each of the proposals, Coeur stockholders should be aware that Coeur directors and executive officers may have interests in the Arrangement that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Coeur stockholders generally, as further described in the section titled "The Arrangement-Interests of Coeur Directors and Executive Officers in the Arrangement".

TABLE OF CONTENTS

It should be noted that this explanation of the reasoning of the Coeur Board and certain information presented in this section is forward-looking in nature and should be read in light of the factors set forth in "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements".

Recommendation of the Coeur Board of Directors

After careful consideration, the Coeur Board has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Coeur and its stockholders to consummate the Arrangement as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement and adopt the Charter Amendment. Accordingly, the Coeur Board unanimously recommends that Coeur stockholders vote:

• "FOR" the Charter Amendment Proposal; and

• "FOR" the Stock Issuance Proposal.

Required Vote

Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal or the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Effect of the Charter Amendment

The Charter Amendment will increase the authorized capital of Coeur from 900,000,000 shares of common stock to 1,300,000,000 shares of common stock. The Charter Amendment will enable Coeur to issue the Consideration Shares as well as enable the combined company to issue additional shares of Coeur Common Stock in the future. Coeur undertakes to obtain approval of its stockholders for security issuances, when required under applicable law.

Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur

Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.

Coeur has engaged BMO Nesbitt Burns, an affiliate of BMO Capital Markets, as a financial advisor to Coeur in connection with the Arrangement. In connection with this engagement, the Coeur Board requested that BMO Capital Markets evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Coeur of the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement. On November 2, 2025, at a meeting of the Coeur Board held to evaluate the Arrangement, BMO Capital Markets rendered an oral opinion, confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated November 2, 2025, to the Coeur Board to the effect that, as of such date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken by BMO Capital Markets, the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Coeur.

The full text of BMO Capital Markets' written opinion, dated November 2, 2025, to the Coeur Board, which describes the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of BMO Capital Markets' opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of BMO Capital Markets' opinion. BMO Capital Markets' opinion was provided for the benefit and use of the Coeur Board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Exchange Ratio from a financial point of view to Coeur, and BMO Capital Markets did not express any opinion on any other terms, aspects or implications of the Arrangement. BMO Capital Markets expressed no opinion as to the relative merits of the Arrangement or any other transactions or business strategies as alternatives to the Arrangement or the decision of the Coeur Board to proceed with the Arrangement. BMO Capital Markets' opinion did not constitute a recommendation to the Coeur Board and is not a recommendation to any security holder or any other party as to how to vote or act with respect to the Arrangement or any other proposals or other matters.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In connection with BMO Capital Markets' opinion, BMO Capital Markets made such reviews, analyses and inquiries as BMO Capital Markets deemed necessary and appropriate under the circumstances. Among other things, BMO Capital Markets:

• reviewed a draft, dated October 31, 2025, of the Arrangement Agreement;

• reviewed certain publicly available business, financial and market information relating to Coeur and New Gold that BMO Capital Markets deemed relevant;

• reviewed certain information relating to the historical, current and future operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold made available by or on behalf of New Gold and Coeur and discussed with BMO Capital Markets by Coeur, including financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data relating to New Gold provided by the management of Coeur;

• reviewed certain information relating to the historical, current and future operations, financial condition and prospects of Coeur made available to or discussed with BMO Capital Markets by Coeur, including financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data relating to Coeur provided by the management of Coeur;

• participated in discussions with members of the senior management, and certain representatives and advisors, of Coeur concerning the businesses, operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold and Coeur, the Arrangement and related matters;

• reviewed certain financial and stock market information for New Gold, Coeur and selected publicly traded companies that BMO Capital Markets deemed relevant;

• reviewed certain financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of selected transactions involving companies that BMO Capital Markets deemed relevant in evaluating New Gold;

• reviewed current and historical market prices for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock, and reviewed selected research analysts' published price targets for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock; and

• performed such other studies and analyses and conducted such discussions as BMO Capital Markets deemed appropriate.

BMO Capital Markets assumed and relied on the accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to BMO Capital Markets by or on behalf of Coeur, Canadian Sub, New Gold or their respective representatives or advisors or obtained by BMO Capital Markets from other sources. BMO Capital Markets did not independently verify (nor assume any obligation to verify) any such information or undertake an independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent, accrued, derivative, off-balance sheet or otherwise) of New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or any other entity, nor was BMO Capital Markets furnished with any such valuations or appraisals. Furthermore, BMO Capital Markets did not assume any obligation to conduct, and it did not conduct, any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or any other entity. BMO Capital Markets is not an expert in the evaluation of mining resources or reserves and BMO Capital Markets expressed no view or opinion as to the exploration, development or production (including, without limitation, as to the costs, feasibility, timing or finance ability thereof) with respect to any properties or projects of New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or any other entity. BMO Capital Markets did not evaluate the solvency or fair value of New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or any other entity under any provincial, state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. BMO Capital Markets expressed no view or opinion as to any actual or potential arbitration, litigation, claims or possible unasserted claims, investigations or other proceedings involving or affecting New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or any other entity or the potential impact thereof and BMO Capital Markets assumed that sufficient reserves have been established with respect thereto and that the outcome thereof would not be meaningful in any respect to its analyses or opinion.

BMO Capital Markets assumed that all required governmental, regulatory or other approvals, consents, releases, waivers and agreements for the consummation of the Arrangement would be obtained and that no delays, limitations, restrictions, terms, conditions or other actions, including any divestiture or other requirements, would be imposed or occur that would have an adverse effect on New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof) or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to BMO Capital Markets' analyses or opinion. BMO Capital Markets also assumed that the Arrangement would be consummated in

TABLE OF CONTENTS

accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and in compliance with all applicable laws, relevant documents and other requirements, that the representations and warranties of each party contained in the Arrangement Agreement would be true and correct, that each party would perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed by it under the Arrangement Agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the Arrangement would be satisfied, in each case without waiver, modification or amendment. BMO Capital Markets further assumed that the Arrangement would qualify for the intended tax treatment contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement. In addition, BMO Capital Markets assumed that the final Arrangement Agreement would not differ in any material respect from the draft of the Arrangement Agreement reviewed by BMO Capital Markets.

As the Coeur Board was aware, BMO Capital Markets did not hold direct discussions with the management of New Gold regarding New Gold's business, operations, financial condition and prospects and, accordingly, at the direction of Coeur, BMO Capital Markets relied upon Coeur with respect to such matters and BMO Capital Markets assumed, at the direction of Coeur, that had such direct access been provided, any information received would not be meaningful in any respect to BMO Capital Markets' analyses or opinion. With respect to the financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data that BMO Capital Markets was directed to utilize in its analyses and opinion, BMO Capital Markets was advised by the management of Coeur, and BMO Capital Markets assumed, without independent investigation, that such financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data were reasonably prepared and reflected the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of Coeur as to, and a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the expected future financial performance of New Gold and Coeur and the other matters covered thereby. BMO Capital Markets also assumed that the financial results reflected in such financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data would be realized in the amounts and at the times projected. BMO Capital Markets understood that the financial statements, financial forecasts and other information relating to New Gold were prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards ("IFRS") and BMO Capital Markets assumed that any reconciliations or other differences with respect to such financial statements, financial forecasts and other information between IFRS and U.S. generally accepted accounting principles would not be meaningful in any respect to BMO Capital Markets' analyses or opinion. BMO Capital Markets expressed no opinion with respect to any financial forecasts, commodity price estimates or other estimates or data or the assumptions on which they were based. With respect to financial statements, financial forecasts and other information and data utilized in BMO Capital Markets' analyses that were prepared in foreign currencies and converted based on certain exchange rates, BMO Capital Markets assumed that such exchange rates were reasonable to utilize for purposes of its analyses and opinion and BMO Capital Markets expressed no view as to currency or exchange rate fluctuations or the impact thereof on its analyses or opinion. BMO Capital Markets also assumed, without independent verification, that there were no changes in the businesses, assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects of New Gold or Coeur since the respective dates of the most recent financial statements and other information, financial or otherwise, provided to BMO Capital Markets that would be meaningful in any respect to its analyses or opinion, and that there was no information or any facts that would make any of the information reviewed by BMO Capital Markets incomplete or misleading.

BMO Capital Markets relied upon the assessments of the management of Coeur as to, among other things, (i) the potential impact on New Gold and Coeur of market, competitive, macroeconomic, geopolitical and other conditions, trends and developments in and prospects for, and governmental, regulatory and legislative matters relating to or affecting, the mining industry and the geographies in which New Gold and Coeur operate, including with respect to mineral reserves and mineral resources, the pricing of, and supply and demand for, metals and the exploration and development projects and activities of New Gold and Coeur, including the likelihood and timing of such projects and activities and associated production profile and capital expenditures, operating and other costs and other financial aspects involved, which are subject to significant volatility and which, if different than as assumed, could have a material impact on BMO Capital Markets' analyses or opinion, (ii) existing and future agreements and other arrangements involving, and ability to attract, retain and/or replace, key employees, suppliers, service providers and other commercial relationships of New Gold and Coeur and (iii) the ability of Coeur to integrate the businesses of New Gold and Coeur. BMO Capital Markets assumed that there would be no developments with respect to any such matters or any reorganization or related transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement that would have an adverse effect on New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof) or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to its analyses or opinion.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

BMO Capital Markets' opinion was necessarily based upon financial, economic, market and other conditions and circumstances as they existed and could be evaluated, and the information made available to BMO Capital Markets, as of the date of its opinion. BMO Capital Markets did not undertake, and is under no obligation, to update, revise, reaffirm or withdraw its opinion or otherwise comment on or consider events occurring or coming to BMO Capital Markets' attention after the date of its opinion, including potential changes in U.S. or foreign trade, tax or other laws, regulations and government policies or the enforcement thereof as have been or may be proposed or effected or the potential impact such changes may have on New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof). As the Coeur Board was aware, the industries and geographies in which New Gold and Coeur operate (including commodity prices relating to such industries) and the securities of New Gold and Coeur have experienced and may continue to experience volatility and disruptions and BMO Capital Markets expressed no view or opinion as to any potential effects of such volatility or disruptions on New Gold, Coeur, Canadian Sub or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof).

BMO Capital Markets' opinion, as expressed in such opinion, related to the relative values of New Gold and Coeur and related solely to the fairness of the Exchange Ratio, from a financial point of view, to Coeur as of the date of such opinion. BMO Capital Markets expressed no opinion as to the relative merits of the Arrangement or any other transactions or business strategies as alternatives to the Arrangement or the decision of the Coeur Board to proceed with the Arrangement, nor did BMO Capital Markets express any view or opinion on the form or structure of the Arrangement or any terms, aspects or implications of any voting agreements, governance arrangements, pre-acquisition reorganization or related transactions or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding to be entered into in connection with or contemplated by the Arrangement or otherwise. In addition, BMO Capital Markets did not express any view or opinion as to the fairness, financial or otherwise, of the amount or nature of any compensation payable to or to be received by any officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, in connection with the Arrangement relative to the Exchange Ratio or otherwise. BMO Capital Markets is not an expert in and expressed no view as to, and BMO Capital Markets' opinion did not address, any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or similar matters. BMO Capital Markets relied upon the fact that Coeur had received all necessary legal, regulatory, tax and accounting advice and upon the assessments of representatives of Coeur as to such matters. BMO Capital Markets expressed no view or opinion as to the actual value of Coeur Common Stock when issued in the Arrangement or the prices at which Coeur Common Stock, New Gold Common Shares or any other securities of Coeur or New Gold may trade or otherwise be transferable at any time, including following announcement or consummation of the Arrangement.

In preparing its opinion, BMO Capital Markets performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those described below. The summary of the analyses below is not a complete description of BMO Capital Markets' opinion or the analyses underlying, and factors considered in connection with, BMO Capital Markets' opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, a financial opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description. BMO Capital Markets arrived at its ultimate opinion based on the results of all analyses and factors assessed as a whole, and it did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or with regard to any one factor or method of analysis. Accordingly, BMO Capital Markets believes that the analyses must be considered as a whole and in context and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying such analyses and its opinion.

In its analyses, BMO Capital Markets considered industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters existing as of the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond the control of Coeur and New Gold. No company, business or transaction reviewed is identical or directly comparable to Coeur, New Gold or the Arrangement and an evaluation of these analyses is not entirely mathematical; rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading, acquisition or other values of the companies, businesses or transactions reviewed or the results from any particular analysis.

The estimates contained in BMO Capital Markets' analyses and the ranges resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more

TABLE OF CONTENTS

or less favorable than those suggested by such analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold or acquired. Accordingly, the estimates used in, and the results derived from, BMO Capital Markets' analyses are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

BMO Capital Markets was not requested to, and it did not, recommend or determine the specific consideration payable in the Arrangement. The type and amount of consideration payable in the Arrangement were determined through negotiations between Coeur and New Gold and the decision to recommend and enter into the Arrangement Agreement was solely that of the Coeur Board. BMO Capital Markets' opinion was only one of many factors considered by the Coeur Board in its evaluation of the Arrangement and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Coeur Board or the management of Coeur with respect to the Arrangement or the consideration payable in the Arrangement.

Financial Analyses

The summary of the financial analyses described below under this heading "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.-Financial Analyses" is a summary of the material financial analyses prepared and reviewed with the Coeur Board in connection with BMO Capital Markets' opinion, dated November 2, 2025. The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete description of the financial analyses performed by, and underlying the opinion of, BMO Capital Markets, nor does the order of the financial analyses described represent the relative importance or weight given to those financial analyses by BMO Capital Markets. Certain financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary as the tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering the data in the tables below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the financial analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of such financial analyses. Future results may differ from those described and such differences may be material. For purposes of the financial analyses described below, the term "EBITDA" means earning before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.

In calculating implied exchange ratio reference ranges as reflected in the financial analyses and certain additional information described below, other than the historical exchange ratio reference range observed for Coeur Common Stock and New Gold Common Shares, BMO Capital Markets divided the low-ends (or high-ends, as the case may be) of the approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges derived for New Gold from such analyses and additional information by the high-ends (or low-ends, as the case may be) of the approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges derived for Coeur from such analyses and additional information in order to calculate the low-ends (or high-ends) of the implied exchange ratio reference ranges.

Selected Public Companies Analyses. BMO Capital Markets performed separate selected public companies analyses of Coeur and New Gold in which BMO Capital Markets reviewed certain financial and stock market information relating to Coeur, New Gold and the selected publicly traded companies referenced below.

Coeur. In its selected public companies analysis of Coeur, BMO Capital Markets reviewed certain financial and stock market information relating to Coeur and the following four selected companies that BMO Capital Markets considered generally relevant for purposes of analysis as publicly traded companies with operations in the silver production industry (collectively, the "Coeur selected companies"):

• Endeavour Silver Corp.

• First Majestic Silver Corp.

• Hecla Mining Company

• Pan American Silver Corp.

BMO Capital Markets reviewed, among other information, closing stock prices on October 31, 2025 as multiples of publicly available equity research analysts' net asset value per share and calendar year 2026 cash flow per share estimates and enterprise values, calculated as equity values based on closing stock prices on October 31, 2025 plus total debt and non-controlling interests and less cash and cash equivalents, as a multiple of publicly available equity research analysts' calendar year 2026 EBITDA estimates. Financial data of the Coeur selected companies were based on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates, public filings and other publicly available

TABLE OF CONTENTS

information. Financial data of Coeur was based on financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur, public filings and other publicly available information.

The overall low to high estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples observed for the Coeur selected companies were 1.09x to 2.06x (with a median of 1.57x), 7.8x to 13.8x (with a median of 8.7x), and 5.8x to 10.2x (with a median of 7.0x), respectively. BMO Capital Markets applied a selected range of estimated net asset value per share multiples derived from the Coeur selected companies of 1.45x to 2.00x, a selected range of calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share multiples derived from the Coeur selected companies of 8.5x to 12.0x and a selected range of calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples derived from the Coeur selected companies of 6.0x to 8.0x to corresponding data of Coeur based on financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur.

This analysis indicated approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for Coeur, based on the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA selected multiples described above, of $9.79 to $13.51, $14.38 to $20.31 and $12.36 to $16.53, respectively.

New Gold. In its selected public companies analysis of New Gold, BMO Capital Markets reviewed certain financial and stock market information relating to New Gold and the following eight selected companies that BMO Capital Markets considered generally relevant for purposes of analysis as publicly traded companies with operations in the gold production industry (collectively, the "New Gold selected companies"):

• Alamos Gold Inc.

• B2Gold Corp.

• Eldorado Gold Corporation

• Equinox Gold Corporation

• IAMGOLD Corporation

• OceanaGold Corporation

• Orla Mining Ltd.

• SSR Mining Inc.

BMO Capital Markets reviewed, among other information, closing stock prices on October 31, 2025 as multiples of publicly available equity research analysts' net asset value per share and calendar year 2026 cash flow per share estimates and enterprise values, calculated as equity values based on closing stock prices on October 31, 2025 plus total debt and non-controlling interests and less cash and cash equivalents, as a multiple of publicly available equity research analysts' calendar year 2026 EBITDA estimates. Financial data of the New Gold selected companies were based on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates, public filings and other publicly available information. Financial data of New Gold was based on financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur, public filings and other publicly available information.

The overall low to high estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples observed for the New Gold selected companies were 0.66x to 1.10x (with a median of 0.83x), 3.8x to 7.5x (with a median of 4.7x) and 3.0x to 6.8x (with a median of 4.1x), respectively. BMO Capital Markets noted that the implied estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples observed for New Gold were 1.36x, 4.1x and 3.7x, respectively, based on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates. BMO Capital Markets applied a selected range of estimated net asset value per share multiples derived from the New Gold selected companies of 0.8x to 1.35x, a selected range of calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share multiples derived from the New Gold selected companies of 3.8x to 5.8x and a selected range of calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples derived from the New Gold selected companies of 3.5x to 4.5x to corresponding data of New Gold based on financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur.

This analysis indicated approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for New Gold, based on the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA selected multiples described above, of $2.94 to $4.97, $5.11 to $7.84 and $4.60 to $6.04, respectively.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Utilizing the approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges derived for Coeur and New Gold as described above, BMO Capital Markets calculated the following approximate implied exchange ratio reference ranges, as compared to the Exchange Ratio:

?                                                 ? ? ?
Implied Exchange Ratio Reference Ranges Based On: ? ? Exchange Ratio
Estimated Net AssetValue Per Share                ? ? CY2026 Estimated CashFlow Per Share ? ? CY2026E EstimatedEBITDA ? ?  
0.218x - 0.508x                                   ? ? 0.252x - 0.545x                     ? ? 0.278x - 0.489x         ? ? 0.4959
?                                                 ? ? ?                                   ? ? ?                       ? ? ?


New Gold Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis. Using publicly available information, BMO Capital Markets reviewed financial data relating to the following 12 selected transactions that BMO Capital Markets considered generally relevant for purposes of analysis as transactions involving target companies with operations in the precious metals production industry (collectively, the "selected transactions"):

?                 ? ?                                                    ?        ? ? ?
Announcement Date ? ?                                                    Acquiror ? ? Target
May 2025          ? ?
• ?               ? Pan American Silver Corp.                            ?        ?
• ?               ? MAG Silver Corp.
May 2025          ? ?
• ?               ? Gold Fields Limited                                  ?        ?
• ?               ? Gold Road Resources Limited
April 2025        ? ?
• ?               ? Equinox Gold Corporation                             ?        ?
• ?               ? Calibre Mining Corp.
October 2024      ? ?
• ?               ? Coeur Mining, Inc.                                   ?        ?
• ?               ? SilverCrest Metals Inc.
September 2024    ? ?
• ?               ? AngloGold Ashanti plc                                ?        ?
• ?               ? Centamin plc
May 2023          ? ?
• ?               ? Newmont Corporation                                  ?        ?
• ?               ? Newcrest Mining Limited
November 2022     ? ?
• ?               ? Pan American Silver Corp./Agnico Eagle Mines Limited ?        ?
• ?               ? Yamana Gold Inc.
November 2021     ? ?
• ?               ? Newcrest Mining Limited                              ?        ?
• ?               ? Pretium Resources Inc.
September 2021    ? ?
• ?               ? Agnico Eagle Mines Limited                           ?        ?
• ?               ? Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd.
November 2020     ? ?
• ?               ? Endeavour Mining Corporation                         ?        ?
• ?               ? Teranga Gold Corporation
October 2020      ? ?
• ?               ? Northern Star Resources Limited                      ?        ?
• ?               ? Saracen Mineral Holdings Limited
May 2020          ? ?
• ?               ? SSR Mining Inc.                                      ?        ?
• ?               ? Alacer Gold Corp.

BMO Capital Markets reviewed, among other information and to the extent publicly available, the implied value of the consideration paid or payable in the selected transactions as multiples of estimated net asset value per share, current or next 12 months (as applicable) estimated cash flow per share and current or next 12 months (as applicable) estimated EBITDA for the target companies involved in the applicable selected transactions. Financial data of the selected transactions were based on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates, public filings and other publicly available information. Financial data of New Gold was based on financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur, public filings and other publicly available information.

The overall low to high, 25th to 75th percentile and median (i) estimated net asset value per share multiples observed for the selected transactions were 0.85x to 1.87x and 1.03x to 1.37x, with a median of 1.15x, respectively, (ii) current or next 12 months (as applicable) estimated cash flow per share multiples observed for the selected transactions were 3.4x to 14.4x and 6.6x to 10.0x, with a median of 8.5x, respectively, and (iii) current or next 12 months (as applicable) estimated EBITDA multiples observed for the selected transactions were 3.3x to 10.2x and 5.3x to 8.2x, with a median of 6.7x, respectively. BMO Capital Markets applied a selected range of estimated net asset value per share multiples derived from the selected transactions of 1.20x to 1.90x, a selected range of current or next 12 months (as applicable) estimated cash flow per share multiples derived from the selected transactions of 6.5x to 8.5x and current or next 12 months (as applicable) estimated EBITDA multiples derived from the selected transactions of 5.5x to 7.0x, respectively, to corresponding data of New Gold based on financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur.

This analysis indicated approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for New Gold, based on the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA selected multiples described above, of $4.42 to $6.99, $8.86 to $11.59 and $7.49 to $9.66, respectively. BMO Capital Markets noted that, based on the closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 5, 2025 of $17.17 per share, the Exchange Ratio implied an approximate equity value for New Gold of $8.51 per share.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Certain Additional Information

BMO Capital Markets also observed certain additional information that was not considered part of its financial analyses with respect to its opinion but was noted for informational purposes, including the following:

Relative Contributions. BMO Capital Markets reviewed the relative contributions of Coeur and New Gold to the combined company's fully-diluted in-the-money market capitalization, estimated net asset value, calendar year 2026 estimated operating cash flow and calendar year 2026 estimated free cash flow, based both on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates and financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data provided by the management of Coeur. This indicated overall approximate implied relative equity contribution percentages of Coeur and New Gold to the combined company's (i) fully-diluted in-the-money market capitalization of approximately 65% in the case of Coeur and approximately 35% in the case of New Gold, (ii) estimated net asset value of approximately 60% to 61% in the case of Coeur and approximately 39% to 40% in the case of New Gold, (iii) calendar year 2026 estimated operating cash flow of approximately 44% to 51% in the case of Coeur and approximately 49% to 56% in the case of New Gold, and (iv) calendar year 2026 estimated free cash flow of approximately 45% to 50% in the case of Coeur and approximately 50% to 55% in the case of New Gold, as compared to the pro forma ownership implied by the Exchange Ratio for holders of Coeur Common Stock and holders of New Gold Common Shares in the combined company upon consummation of the Arrangement of approximately 62.0% and 38.0%, respectively, and an overall exchange ratio reference range of 0.427x to 1.050x as compared to the Exchange Ratio of 0.4959x.

Other. BMO Capital Markets also observed the following:

• historical closing prices of Coeur Common Stock and New Gold Common Shares during the 52-week period ended October 31, 2025, which indicated low and high closing prices of Coeur Common Stock of approximately $4.58 per share and $23.62 per share, respectively, low and high closing prices of New Gold Common Shares of approximately $2.43 per share and $7.61 per share, respectively, and an approximate implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.103x to 1.662x;

• historical exchange ratios of Coeur Common Stock and New Gold Common Shares during the 52-week period ended October 31, 2025, which indicated low and high exchange ratios of approximately 0.324x and 0.725x, respectively;

• undiscounted publicly available equity research analysts' price targets for Coeur Common Stock and New Gold Common Shares, which indicated overall low and high target price ranges for Coeur Common Stock and New Gold Common Shares of $16.00 per share and $25.00 per share (with a median of $22.00 per share) and $7.00 per share and $10.79 per share (with a median of $9.00 per share), respectively, and an approximate implied exchange ratio reference range of 0.280x to 0.674x;

• approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for Coeur and New Gold utilizing the same methodologies and selected ranges of estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples described above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur- Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.-Financial Analyses-Selected Public Companies Analyses-Coeur" and "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.-Financial Analyses-Selected Public Companies Analyses-New Gold," but applying such selected multiple ranges to the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA of Coeur or New Gold, as the case may be, based on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates, which indicated approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges, based on the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA selected multiples described above for Coeur, of $15.42 to $21.27, $14.50 to $20.47 and $13.58 to $18.16, respectively, and for New Gold of $4.33 to $7.30, $6.71 to $10.29 and $6.86 to $8.96, respectively, and approximate implied exchange ratio reference ranges of 0.203x to 0.473x, 0.328x to 0.710x and 0.378x to 0.660x, respectively; and

• approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for New Gold utilizing the same methodologies and selected ranges of estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA multiples described above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.-Financial Analyses-New Gold Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis," but applying such selected multiple ranges to the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow

TABLE OF CONTENTS

per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA of New Gold based on publicly available equity research analysts' estimates, which indicated approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for New Gold, based on the estimated net asset value per share, calendar year 2026 estimated cash flow per share and calendar year 2026 estimated EBITDA selected multiples described above, of $6.49 to $10.27, $11.64 to $15.22 and $11.05 to $14.19, respectively.

Miscellaneous

Coeur has agreed to pay BMO Capital Markets' affiliate, BMO Nesbitt Burns, for its financial advisory services in connection with the proposed Arrangement an aggregate fee of $21 million, of which a portion was payable upon delivery of BMO Capital Markets' opinion regardless of the conclusion reached in such opinion and $16 million is contingent upon consummation of the Arrangement. In addition, Coeur has agreed to reimburse BMO Nesbitt Burns and its affiliates for certain expenses, including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, incurred in connection with the engagement of BMO Nesbitt Burns and to indemnify BMO Nesbitt Burns and its affiliates against certain liabilities, including liabilities under federal securities laws, arising out of such engagement.

BMO Capital Markets and certain of its affiliates, as part of their investment banking business, are engaged regularly in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of business, BMO Capital Markets and its affiliates from time to time for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and BMO Capital Markets and certain of its employees and affiliates as well as investment funds in which they may have financial interests or with which they may co-invest, effect transactions in, acquire, hold or sell long or short positions, or trade, in debt, equity and other securities and financial instruments (including derivative securities, loans and other obligations) of, or investments in, Coeur, New Gold or any other party that may be involved in the Arrangement and/or their respective affiliates or any currency or commodity that may be involved in the Arrangement. As at October 20, 2025, BMO Capital Markets and its affiliates held less than 1% of the outstanding Coeur Common Stock (with an aggregate implied market value of approximately $54 million as of October 20, 2025) and less than 1.5% of the outstanding New Gold Common Shares (with an aggregate implied market value of approximately $70 million as of October 20, 2025), in each case excluding holdings on behalf of clients of BMO Capital Markets and its affiliates.

As the Coeur Board was aware, BMO Capital Markets and/or certain of its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing and in the future may provide certain financial advisory, investment banking, corporate finance and other financial services (including treasury and payment services) unrelated to the Arrangement to Coeur and/or certain of its affiliates, for which BMO Capital Markets and its affiliates received and would expect to receive compensation, including, during the approximate two-year period preceding the date of BMO Capital Markets' opinion, having acted or acting as a (i) financial advisor in connection with an acquisition transaction, (ii) syndicate member and/or sales agent for certain offerings, and as agent for certain share repurchases, of Coeur Common Stock and (iii) lender under certain credit facilities, for which services described in clauses (i) through (iii) above BMO Capital Markets and/or certain of its affiliates received during such two-year period aggregate fees of approximately $25 million. As the Coeur Board also was aware, BMO Capital Markets and/or certain of its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing and in the future may provide certain financial advisory, investment banking, corporate finance and other financial services (including treasury and payment services) to New Gold and/or certain of its affiliates, for which BMO Capital Markets and its affiliates received and would expect to receive compensation, including, during the approximate two-year period preceding the date of BMO Capital Markets' opinion, having acted or acting as a (i) syndication underwriter for certain offerings of New Gold Common Shares and (ii) lender under certain credit facilities, for which services described in clauses (i) and (ii) above BMO Capital Markets and/or certain of its affiliates received during such two-year period aggregate fees of approximately $6 million.

Coeur selected BMO Nesbitt Burns to act as a financial advisor to Coeur based on the reputation and experience of BMO Nesbitt Burns and its affiliates and their familiarity with Coeur and its business and industry. BMO Nesbitt Burns and its affiliates, as part of their investment banking businesses, are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, corporate and other purposes.

Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC

On November 2, 2025, RBCCM rendered its oral opinion to the Coeur Board (which was subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of RBCCM's written opinion) that, as of that date and subject to the assumptions, qualifications,

TABLE OF CONTENTS

limitations and other matters set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Coeur. The full text of RBCCM's written opinion dated November 2, 2025 is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex E and constitutes part of this Proxy Statement. RBCCM's opinion was approved by RBCCM's Fairness Opinion Committee. This summary of RBCCM's opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. RBCCM was not requested to, and it did not, recommend or determine the specific consideration payable in the Arrangement.

RBCCM's advice (written and oral) and opinion were provided for the benefit, information, and assistance of the Coeur Board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Arrangement. RBCCM's opinion did not address the underlying business decision of Coeur to engage in the Arrangement or the relative merits of the Arrangement compared to any alternative business strategy or transaction that may be available to Coeur or in which Coeur might engage. RBCCM's opinion does not constitute an opinion or recommendation to any holder of Coeur Common Stock as to how any such holder should vote or act with respect to the Arrangement or any proposal to be voted upon in connection with the Arrangement or otherwise.

RBCCM's opinion addressed the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date thereof, of the Exchange Ratio (to the extent expressly specified therein). RBCCM's opinion did not in any way address any other terms, conditions, implications or other aspects of the Arrangement or the Arrangement Agreement, or Plan of Arrangement, including, without limitation, the form or structure of the Arrangement, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into in connection with or contemplated by the Arrangement or otherwise. RBCCM did not express any opinion or view with respect to, and it relied upon the assessments of Coeur and its representatives regarding, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and similar matters, as to which RBCCM understood that Coeur obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from qualified professionals. Further, in rendering its opinion, RBCCM did not express any view on, and its opinion did not address, the fairness of the amount or nature of the compensation (if any) or other consideration to any officers, directors or employees of any party, or class of such persons, relative, to the Exchange Ratio or otherwise.

In rendering its opinion, RBCCM assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all information that was reviewed by RBCCM, including all financial, legal, tax, accounting, operating and other information provided to, or discussed with RBCCM by, or on behalf of, Coeur or New Gold (including, without limitation, financial statements and related notes), and upon the assurances of the management and other representatives of Coeur that they were not aware of any relevant information that had been omitted or that remained undisclosed to RBCCM. RBCCM did not assume responsibility for independently verifying and did not independently verify such information. RBCCM also assumed that each of the Forecasted Financial Information (as defined below) and Unmodelled Resources (as defined below) that it was directed to utilize in its analyses were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of Coeur as to the future financial performance of, and, together with the future commodity price assumptions referenced below, were a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate Coeur, New Gold and the other matters covered thereby (subject, in the case of the Forecasted Financial Information, to the varying underlying gold, silver and copper commodity price assumptions). RBCCM expressed no opinion as to any such financial projections, other estimates and data or the assumptions upon which they were based. RBCCM relied upon the assessments of the management of Coeur as to future gold, silver and copper mining and production, market and cyclical trends and prospects relating to the gold, silver and copper mining industries, regulatory matters with respect thereto and the potential impact thereof on Coeur and New Gold. RBCCM assumed that there will be no developments with respect to any of the foregoing that would have an adverse effect on Coeur, New Gold or the Arrangement or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to its analyses or opinion.

In connection with its opinion, RBCCM did not assume any responsibility to perform, and did not perform, an independent valuation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities (contingent, off-balance sheet, accrued, derivative or otherwise) of or relating to Coeur, New Gold or any other entity and RBCCM was not furnished with any such valuations or appraisals, other the information with respect to the Unmodelled Resources. RBCCM did not assume any obligation to conduct, and it did not conduct, any physical inspection of the mining operations, property or facilities of Coeur, New Gold or any other entity. RBCCM is not an expert in the evaluation of gold, silver or copper reserves, mining or production levels and it expressed no view as to the reserve quantities, or the development or production (including, without limitation, as to the feasibility or timing), of any gold, silver or copper reserves of Coeur, New Gold or otherwise. RBCCM also expressed no view as to future gold, silver or copper and related commodity prices utilized in its analyses, which prices are subject to significant volatility and

TABLE OF CONTENTS

which, if different than as assumed, could have a material impact on its analyses or opinion. RBCCM did not investigate, and made no assumption regarding, any litigation or other claims affecting Coeur, New Gold or any other entity. RBCCM did not evaluate the solvency or fair value of Coeur, New Gold or any other entity under any state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. RBCCM assumed that the Arrangement will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement and in compliance with all applicable laws, documents and other requirements, without waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement, and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary governmental, regulatory or third party approvals, consents, releases, waivers and agreements for the Arrangement, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition will be imposed or occur, including any divestiture or other requirements, that would have an adverse effect on Coeur, New Gold or the Arrangement or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to its analyses or opinion.

RBCCM's opinion speaks only as of the date thereof, is based on the conditions as they existed and information supplied or reviewed as of the date thereof, and is without regard to any market, economic, financial, legal, or other circumstances or event of any kind or nature which may exist or occur or may have existed or occurred after such date. RBCCM did not undertake any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion for events occurring after the date thereof. RBCCM's opinion, as set forth therein, relates to the relative values of Coeur Common Stock and New Gold Common Shares. RBCCM did not express any opinion as to the actual value of Coeur Common Stock when issued or distributed in the Arrangement or the price or range of prices at which Coeur Common Stock, or any other securities of Coeur may trade or otherwise be transferable at any time, including following announcement or consummation of the Arrangement. As the Coeur Board was aware, the credit, financial and stock markets, and the industries in which Coeur and New Gold operate, have experienced and continue to experience volatility and RBCCM expressed no opinion or view as to any potential effects of such volatility on Coeur or New Gold (or their respective businesses) or the Arrangement.

For the purposes of rendering its opinion, RBCCM undertook such review, inquiries and analyses as it deemed necessary or appropriate under the circumstances, including the following:

• RBCCM reviewed the financial terms of (a) the Arrangement Agreement, and (b) the Plan of Arrangement attached to the Arrangement Agreement;

• RBCCM reviewed certain publicly available financial and other information, and certain historical operating data, relating to Coeur made available to it from published sources and internal records of Coeur;

• RBCCM reviewed certain publicly available financial and other information, and certain historical operating data, relating to New Gold made available to it from published sources and internal records of New Gold;

• RBCCM reviewed (a) financial projections and other estimates and data relating to Coeur (the "Coeur Projections") and New Gold (the "New Gold Projections" and, together with the Coeur Projections, the "Forecasted Financial Information") in each case, prepared by the management of Coeur, including certain future gold, silver and copper commodity price assumptions, which consisted of research analyst consensus pricing estimates for such commodities, as provided by the management of Coeur (see the section entitled "The Arrangement-Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial and Operating Information" for a summary of the Forecasted Financial Information), and (b) estimates of the intrinsic value for certain unmodelled resources of Coeur not otherwise accounted for in the Coeur Projections prepared by the management of Coeur ("Unmodelled Resources"), all of which financial projections and other estimates and data RBCCM was directed by management of Coeur to utilize for purposes of its analyses and opinion;

• RBCCM conducted discussions with members of the senior management of Coeur relating to the respective businesses, prospects and financial outlook of Coeur and New Gold and certain future gold, silver and copper commodity price assumptions, which consisted of research analyst consensus pricing estimates for such commodities, as provided by management of Coeur;

• RBCCM reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• RBCCM compared certain financial metrics of Coeur and New Gold with those of selected publicly traded companies in lines of businesses that it considered generally relevant in evaluating Coeur and New Gold;

• RBCCM compared certain financial terms of the Arrangement with those of selected precedent transactions that it considered generally relevant in evaluating the Arrangement; and

• RBCCM considered other information and performed other studies and analyses as it deemed appropriate.

Set forth below is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by RBCCM in connection with rendering its opinion, as delivered to the Coeur Board in connection with its meeting on November 2, 2025. The order of analyses described does not represent relative importance or weight given to those analyses by RBCCM. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. To fully understand the summary of the analyses used by RBCCM, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the analysis.

For purposes of its analyses, RBCCM reviewed a number of financial and operating metrics, using certain time periods, including:

• Enterprise Value or EV - the value as of a specified date of the relevant company's outstanding equity securities (taking into account outstanding options and other in-the-money ("ITM") securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into or for equity securities of the company) plus the amount of its net debt (the amount of its outstanding indebtedness, lease liabilities and out-of-the-money convertible notes, less the amount of cash and cash equivalents on its balance sheet), plus the book value of its equity investments, and less the estimated proceeds from the exercise and/or conversion of all of its ITM dilutive securities;

• EBITDA - the amount of the relevant company's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and exploration expenses for a specified time period;

• Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA, adjusted to reflect specified expenses, which, in the case of (i) New Gold, were adjusted for corporate general and administrative expenses, stream and royalty payments, and Cerro San Pedro mine closure costs, and (ii) Coeur, were adjusted primarily to reflect gains/losses that may arise from foreign exchange transactions, sale of assets, inventory adjustments/writedowns, asset retirement obligation accretion, and other one-time costs/expenses; and

• Cash Flow - operating cash flow.

Unless the context indicates otherwise, the analyses performed below were calculated using (i) the closing prices of New Gold Common Shares, Coeur Common Stock and the common equity of the selected companies set forth below as of October 31, 2025, (ii) historical, financial and operating data for the selected companies based on publicly available information for each company as of October 31, 2025, (iii) the Enterprise Values for (a) New Gold based on net debt as of September 30, 2025, and further adjusted for the gold prepayment liability, and (b) Coeur based on net debt as of September 30, 2025, and (iv) per share amounts for (a) New Gold based on fully diluted ITM ("FDITM") shares outstanding as of September 30, 2025, and (b) Coeur based on FDITM shares outstanding as of September 30, 2025. All market based commodity price assumptions were based on mean consensus research analyst estimates ("Consensus Estimates") pricing data available as of October 30, 2025 ("Consensus Pricing"). Unless the context indicates otherwise, estimates of EBITDA (and in the case of New Gold and Coeur, Adjusted EBITDA) and Cash Flow for calendar year 2026 ("2026E") for (i) the selected companies were based on Consensus Estimates available as of October 31, 2025, (ii) New Gold were based on estimates provided by the management of Coeur, and (iii) Coeur were based on estimates provided by the management of Coeur.

For purposes of certain analyses below, the term "Implied Per Share Offer Price" refers to the implied per share value of the merger consideration of $8.51, based on the Exchange Ratio of 0.4959 shares of Coeur Common Stock per share of New Gold Common Shares and the closing price of Coeur Common Stock as of October 31, 2025 of $17.17.

New Gold Financial Analyses

Selected Public Companies Analysis. RBCCM reviewed certain financial and operating information and implied trading multiples for selected publicly traded companies as of October 31, 2025, as compared to the corresponding information and implied trading multiples for New Gold. In choosing the selected companies, RBCCM considered North American

TABLE OF CONTENTS

listed precious metals mining companies with (i) greater than 85% of revenue from gold, (ii) significant geographic exposure to the United States and Canada and (iii) a market capitalization between $2 billion and $10 billion. In this analysis, RBCCM compared, among other things, multiples of implied Price/Net Asset Value ("NAV"), implied Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA and implied Price/2026E Cash Flow.

Based on the criteria described above, RBCCM selected the following companies:

• Equinox Gold Corp.

• IAMGOLD Corporation

• B2Gold Corp.

• OceanaGold Corporation

• SSR Mining Inc.

• Orla Mining Ltd.

• Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd.

The results of this analysis are summarized in the following table:

?        ? ? ?           ? ? ?                ? ? ?
         ? ? Price / NAV ? ? EV / 2026EEBITDA ? ? Price / 2026E CashFlow
Maximum  ? ? 1.0x        ? ? 4.9x             ? ? 6.2x
Mean     ? ? 0.8x        ? ? 3.8x             ? ? 4.7x
Median   ? ? 0.8x        ? ? 3.6x             ? ? 4.6x
Minimum  ? ? 0.7x        ? ? 3.0x             ? ? 3.8x
New Gold ? ? 2.0x        ? ? 5.4x             ? ? 5.2x
?        ? ? ?           ? ? ?                ? ? ?


From this data, RBCCM selected equity value and Enterprise Value reference ranges for New Gold using Price/NAV multiples of 0.7x-1.0x, Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA multiples of 3.0x-4.9x (applied to 2026E Adjusted EBITDA) and Price/2026E Cash Flow multiples of 3.8x-6.2x (in each case, based on the New Gold Projections and using Consensus Pricing for future gold, silver and copper commodity prices). RBCCM then derived implied equity value per share reference ranges from the resulting reference ranges, using the share information described above, as well as in the case of Enterprise Value calculations, using the balance sheet information described above and adjusting for estimated ITM proceeds and equity investments, as provided by Coeur management. This analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share reference ranges for New Gold Common Shares as compared to the Implied Per Share Offer Price and the closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025:

?                                                           ? ? ?
                                                            ? ? Implied Per-ShareValue of New GoldCommon Shares
Price / NAV                                                 ? ? $2.58-$3.68
EV / 2026E EBITDA                                           ? ? $3.87-$6.61
Price / 2026E Cash Flow                                     ? ? $5.32-$8.68
Implied Per Share Offer Price                               ? ? $8.51
Closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025 ? ? $7.34
?                                                           ? ? ?


Net Asset Value Analysis. RBCCM performed a NAV analysis of New Gold by calculating the estimated net present value of the estimated gold, silver and copper production from New Gold's mining operations, based on the New Gold Projections. RBCCM performed this analysis using pricing assumptions based on Consensus Pricing through year-end 2030, and held flat thereafter, as per management of Coeur. RBCCM selected real discount rates of 10.5% to 12.5%, which reflected RBCCM's estimate of New Gold's real weighted average cost of capital ("WACC"), using the capital asset pricing model ("CAPM"), as well as applying a size premium, and applied such range of real discount rates to the projected after-tax cash flows from New Gold's mining operations to arrive at asset value reference ranges.

RBCCM derived implied equity value per share reference ranges from the asset value reference ranges, adjusting for present value of future general and administrative expenses, as provided by Coeur management, and using the balance sheet and diluted share information described above, and adjusting for estimated ITM proceeds and equity

TABLE OF CONTENTS

investments, as provided by Coeur management. This analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share reference range for New Gold Common Shares as compared to the Implied Per Share Offer Price and the closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025:

?                                             ? ? ?                             ? ? ?
Implied Equity Value Per ShareReference Range ? ? Implied Per Share Offer Price ? ? Closing price of New Gold CommonShares on October 31, 2025
$3.00-$3.15                                   ? ? $8.51                         ? ? $7.34
?                                             ? ? ?                             ? ? ?


Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis. RBCCM reviewed certain implied transaction multiples for six (6) change of control transactions in the gold mining sector with a value greater than $1.0 billion involving target companies with assets in OECD countries, excluding merger of equals transactions, since the beginning of 2017. Financial and operating data for each target company in the selected transactions were calculated as of the announcement date of the applicable transaction based, in part, on the implied purchase prices announced on such date for the selected transactions, and otherwise based on publicly available information for each target company as of the most recent quarter prior to the announcement of the applicable transaction for which such information was available or as otherwise subsequently publicly disclosed by the applicable transaction parties. Accordingly, this information may not reflect current or future market conditions. In this analysis, RBCCM compared, among other things, multiples of implied Price/NAV, implied Enterprise Value/NTM EBITDA and implied Price/NTM Cash Flow for which financial information had been publicly announced prior to the announcement of the applicable transaction.

Based on the criteria described above, the following six (6) transactions were selected:

?                 ? ? ?                                                ? ? ?
Announcement Date ? ? Acquiror                                         ? ? Target
May 5, 2025       ? ? Gold Fields Ltd.Gold Road Resources Ltd.
May 12, 2023      ? ? Newmont CorporationNewcrest Mining Limited
November 4, 2022  ? ? Pan American Silver Corp. & Agnico Eagle Limited ? ? Yamana Gold Inc.
November 9, 2021  ? ? Newcrest Mining LimitedPretium Resources Inc.
November 25, 2019 ? ? Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd.Detour Gold Corporation
January 14, 2019  ? ? Newmont Mining CorporationGoldcorp Inc.

The results of this analysis are summarized in the following table:

?                                                            ? ? ?           ? ? ?              ? ? ?
                                                             ? ? Price / NAV ? ? EV / NTMEBITDA ? ? Price / NTM CashFlow
Maximum                                                      ? ? 1.3x        ? ? 9.8x           ? ? 11.0x
Mean                                                         ? ? 1.1x        ? ? 8.2x           ? ? 9.1x
Median                                                       ? ? 1.1x        ? ? 8.6x           ? ? 9.9x
Minimum                                                      ? ? 1.0x        ? ? 5.8x           ? ? 6.4x
Arrangement at the Exchange Ratio (at 5% Real Discount Rate) ? ? 2.3x        ? ? 6.2x           ? ? 6.1x
Arrangement at the Exchange Ratio (at WACC)                  ? ? 2.8x        ? ? 6.2x           ? ? 6.1x
?                                                            ? ? ?           ? ? ?              ? ? ?


Based on the foregoing, RBCCM selected equity value and Enterprise Value reference ranges for New Gold using Price/NAV multiples of 1.0x-1.3x, Enterprise Value/NTM EBITDA multiples of 5.8x-9.8x (applied to 2026E Adjusted EBITDA) and Price/NTM Cash Flow multiples of 6.4x-11.0x (applied to 2026E Cash Flow) (based on the New Gold Projections), in order to derive implied equity value and Enterprise Value reference ranges. RBCCM then derived implied equity value per share reference ranges, using the share information described above, as well as in the case of Enterprise Value calculations, using the balance sheet information described above and adjusting for ITM proceeds and equity investments, as provided by Coeur management. This analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share reference ranges for New Gold Common Shares compared to the Implied Offer Price and the closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025:

?               ? ? ?
                ? ? Implied Per-ShareValue of New GoldCommon Shares
Price / NAV     ? ? $3.68-$4.79
EV / NTM EBITDA ? ? $7.91-$13.69
?               ? ? ?


TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                           ? ? ?
                                                            ? ? Implied Per-ShareValue of New GoldCommon Shares
Price / NTM Cash Flow                                       ? ? $8.96-$15.40
Implied Per Share Offer Price                               ? ? $8.51
Closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025 ? ? $7.34
?                                                           ? ? ?


Coeur Financial Analyses

Selected Public Companies Analysis. RBCCM reviewed certain financial and operating information and implied trading multiples for selected publicly traded companies as compared to the corresponding information and implied trading multiples for Coeur. In choosing the selected companies, RBCCM considered publicly traded precious metals mining companies with (i) greater than 20% of revenue from silver and (ii) a market capitalization greater than $2.0 billion. In this analysis, RBCCM compared, among other things, multiples of implied Price/NAV, implied Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA and implied Price/2026E Cash Flow.

Based on the criteria described above, RBCCM selected the following companies:

• Fresnillo plc

• Pan American Silver Corp.

• Hecla Mining Company

• First Majestic Silver Corp.

The results of this analysis are summarized in the following table:

?       ? ? ?           ? ? ?                ? ? ?
        ? ? Price / NAV ? ? EV / 2026EEBITDA ? ? Price / 2026E CashFlow
Maximum ? ? 2.0x        ? ? 11.1x            ? ? 13.5x
Mean    ? ? 1.6x        ? ? 8.1x             ? ? 10.8x
Median  ? ? 1.6x        ? ? 7.2x             ? ? 10.9x
Minimum ? ? 1.1x        ? ? 6.9x             ? ? 7.7x
Coeur   ? ? 2.5x        ? ? 8.2x             ? ? 10.0x
?       ? ? ?           ? ? ?                ? ? ?


From this data, RBCCM selected equity value and Enterprise Value reference ranges for Coeur using Price/NAV multiples of 1.1x-2.0x, Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA multiples of 6.9x-11.1x (applied to 2026E Adjusted EBITDA) and Price/2026E Cash Flow multiples of 7.7x-13.5x (in each case, based on the Coeur Projections and using Consensus Pricing estimates for future gold and silver commodity prices as of October 30, 2025). RBCCM then derived implied equity value per share reference ranges from the resulting reference ranges, using the net debt and diluted share information described above, as well as adjusting for estimated ITM proceeds (and, in the case of the implied Price/NAV calculation, adjusting for the estimated intrinsic value of the Unmodelled Resources, which value primarily related to the estimated intrinsic value of Coeur's Silvertip exploration project in British Columbia), as provided by Coeur management. This analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share reference ranges for Coeur Common Stock as compared to the closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 31, 2025:

?                                                       ? ? ?
                                                        ? ? Implied Per-ShareValue of CoeurCommon Stock
Price / NAV                                             ? ? $7.43-$13.51
EV / 2026E EBITDA                                       ? ? $14.44-$23.33
Price / 2026E Cash Flow                                 ? ? $13.22-$23.18
Closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 31, 2025 ? ? $17.17
?                                                       ? ? ?


Net Asset Value Analysis. RBCCM performed a NAV analysis of Coeur by calculating the estimated net present value of the estimated gold and silver production from Coeur's mining operations, based on the Coeur Projections, as well as the estimated intrinsic value of the Unmodelled Resources. RBCCM performed this analysis using pricing assumptions based on Consensus Pricing through year-end 2030, and held flat thereafter, as per Coeur management.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

RBCCM selected real discount rates of 9.5% to 11.5%, which reflected RBCCM's estimate of Coeur's real WACC, using CAPM, as well as applying a size premium, and applied such range of real discount rates to the projected after-tax cash flows from Coeur's mining operations to arrive at asset value reference ranges.

RBCCM derived implied equity value per share reference ranges from the asset value reference ranges, adjusting for general and administrative expenses, as provided by Coeur management, and using the net debt and diluted share information described above, as well as adjusting for estimated ITM proceeds, as provided by Coeur management. This analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share reference ranges for Coeur Common Stock as compared to the closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 31, 2025:

?                                             ? ? ?
Implied Equity Value Per ShareReference Range ? ? Closing price of Coeur CommonStock on October 31, 2025
$5.44-$5.77                                   ? ? $17.17
?                                             ? ? ?


Implied Exchange Ratio Analysis

RBCCM calculated certain implied exchange ratio reference ranges for the Arrangement.

Selected Public Companies Exchange Ratio Analysis. Based on the per share value reference ranges for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock implied by the selected publicly traded companies analyses described above for which the same financial metrics were applied, and the corresponding assumptions underlying each such analysis, RBCCM calculated implied exchange ratio reference ranges. In each case, the low end of each implied ratio reference range was calculated by dividing the low end of the applicable New Gold Common Shares implied per share value reference range by the high end of the applicable Coeur Common Stock implied per share value reference range, and the high end of each implied exchange ratio reference range was calculated by dividing the high end of the applicable New Gold Common Shares implied per share value reference range by the low end of the applicable Coeur Common Stock implied per share value reference range. The analysis indicated the following implied reference ranges as compared to the Exchange Ratio in the Arrangement:

?                       ? ? ?                                    ? ? ?
                        ? ? Implied ExchangeRatioReference Range ? ? Exchange Ratio
Price / NAV             ? ? 0.1908x-0.4956x                      ? ? 0.4959x
EV / 2026E EBITDA       ? ? 0.1659x-0.4579x                      ? ? 0.4959x
Price / 2026E Cash Flow ? ? 0.2294x-0.6564x                      ? ? 0.4959x
?                       ? ? ?                                    ? ? ?


Net Asset Value Exchange Ratio Analysis. Based on the per share value reference ranges for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock implied by the net asset values analyses described above for which the same financial metrics were applied, and the corresponding assumptions underlying each such analysis, RBCCM calculated implied exchange ratio reference ranges. In each case, the low end of each implied ratio reference range was calculated by dividing the low end of the applicable New Gold Common Shares implied per share value reference range by the high end of the applicable Coeur Common Stock implied per share value reference range, and the high end of each implied exchange ratio reference range was calculated by dividing the high end of the applicable New Gold Common Shares implied per share value reference range by the low end of the applicable Coeur Common Stock implied per share value reference range. The analysis indicated the following implied reference ranges as compared to the Exchange Ratio in the Arrangement:

?                 ? ? ?                                    ? ? ?
                  ? ? Implied ExchangeRatioReference Range ? ? Exchange Ratio
Consensus Pricing ? ? 0.5187x-0.5793x                      ? ? 0.4959x
?                 ? ? ?                                    ? ? ?


Selected Precedent Transactions/Selected Public Companies Exchange Ratio Analysis. Using the ranges of implied per-share values for New Gold Common Shares based on the valuation metrics for New Gold as described above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC-New Gold Financial Analyses-Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis," and the ranges of implied per-share values for Coeur Common Stock based on the valuation metrics for Coeur as described above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC-Coeur Financial Analyses-Selected Public Companies Analysis," RBCCM calculated implied exchange ratios by (i) dividing the low end of the implied per-share value of New Gold Common Shares implied by each of the selected Price/NAV

TABLE OF CONTENTS

multiples, Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA multiples and Price/2026E Cash Flow multiples by the high end of the implied per-share value of Coeur Common Stock implied by each of the selected Price/NAV multiples, Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA multiples and Price/2026E Cash Flow multiples to arrive at the low end of the implied exchange ratio range, and (ii) dividing the high end of the implied per-share value of New Gold Common Shares implied by the selected Price/NAV multiples, Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA multiples and Price/2026E Cash Flow multiples by the low end of the implied per-share value of Coeur Common Stock implied by each of the selected Price/NAV multiples, Enterprise Value/2026E EBITDA multiples and Price/2026E Cash Flow multiples to arrive at the high end of the implied exchange ratio range. This analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratio reference ranges as compared to the Exchange Ratio.

?                      ? ? ?                                    ? ? ?
                       ? ? Implied ExchangeRatioReference Range ? ? Exchange Ratio
Price / NAV            ? ? 0.2726x-0.6442x                      ? ? 0.4959x
EV / 2026E EBITDA      ? ? 0.3392x-0.9480x                      ? ? 0.4959x
Price /2026E Cash Flow ? ? 0.3864x-1.1645x                      ? ? 0.4959x
?                      ? ? ?                                    ? ? ?


Other Information

RBCCM also noted for the Coeur Board the following additional analyses and factors that were not considered part of RBCCM's financial analyses with respect to its opinion but were referenced for informational purposes:

Trading History for New Gold. RBCCM reviewed certain historical closing prices for New Gold Common Shares during the 52-week period ended October 31, 2025, which reflected the following historical stock price information for New Gold Common Shares as compared to the closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025 and the Implied Per Share Offer Price:

?                                                           ? ? ?
Trading Period Prior to October 31, 2025                    ? ? Stock Price
52-Week High                                                ? ? $7.49
52-Week Low                                                 ? ? $2.47
Closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025 ? ? $7.34
Implied Per Share Offer Price                               ? ? $8.51
?                                                           ? ? ?


Trading History for Coeur. RBCCM reviewed certain historical closing prices for Coeur Common Stock during the 52-week period ended October 31, 2025, which reflected the following historical stock price information for Coeur Common Stock as compared to the closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 31, 2025:

?                                                       ? ? ?
Trading Period Prior to October 31, 2025                ? ? Stock Price
52-Week High                                            ? ? $23.10
52-Week Low                                             ? ? $4.81
Closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 31, 2025 ? ? $17.17
?                                                       ? ? ?


Analysts' Price Targets and NAV per Share Estimates for New Gold. RBCCM reviewed, among other things, undiscounted forward stock price targets and NAV per share estimates for New Gold Common Shares in nine and eight, respectively, recently published, publicly available, Wall Street research analysts' reports, which indicated the following undiscounted low and high per share stock price targets and NAV per share estimates for New Gold Common Shares as compared to the closing price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025 and the Implied Per Share Offer Price:

?                                                           ? ? ?
                                                            ? ? Stock Price
Analyst Price Targets Prior to October 31, 2025             ? ?  
High                                                        ? ? $10.80
Low                                                         ? ? $7.00
                                                            ? ?  
Analyst NAV per Share Estimates Prior to October 31, 2025   ? ?  
High                                                        ? ? $3.93
Low                                                         ? ? $7.08
                                                            ? ?  
Closing Price of New Gold Common Shares on October 31, 2025 ? ? $7.34
?                                                           ? ? ?


TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                             ? ? ?
                              ? ? Stock Price
Implied Per Share Offer Price ? ? $8.51
?                             ? ? ?


Analysts' Price Targets and NAV per Share Estimates for Coeur. RBCCM reviewed, among other things, undiscounted forward stock price targets and NAV per share estimates for Coeur Common Stock in nine and seven, respectively, recently published, publicly available, Wall Street research analysts' reports, which indicated the following undiscounted low and high per share stock price targets for Coeur Common Stock as compared to the closing price of Coeur Common Stock on October 31, 2025:

?                                                         ? ? ?
                                                          ? ? Stock Price
Analyst Price Targets Prior to October 31, 2025           ? ?  
High                                                      ? ? $25.00
Low                                                       ? ? $16.00
                                                          ? ?  
Analyst NAV per Share Estimates Prior to October 31, 2025 ? ?  
High                                                      ? ? $7.91
Low                                                       ? ? $14.20
                                                          ? ?  
Closing Price of Coeur Common Shares on October 31, 2025  ? ? $17.17
?                                                         ? ? ?


Net Asset Value Analysis for New Gold at 5%. RBCCM reviewed the NAV per share analysis described above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC-New Gold Financial Analyses-Net Asset Value Analysis", but based on a 5% real discount rate for New Gold that was provided by the management of Coeur, which analysis indicated a New Gold Common Share price per share of $3.68.

Net Asset Value Analysis for Coeur at 5%. RBCCM reviewed the NAV per share analysis described above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC-Coeur Financial Analyses-Net Asset Value Analysis", but based on a 5% real discount rate for Coeur that was provided by the management of Coeur, which analysis indicated a Coeur Common Stock price per share of $6.75.

One-Day Premiums Paid Analysis. RBCCM reviewed the premiums paid in the selected precedent transactions referred to above under "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur-Opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC-New Gold Financial Analyses-Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis," based on a review of implied premiums paid derived from the selected precedent transactions using the final agreed upon offer price for the applicable equity security as of the date of public announcement of the applicable transaction as compared to the closing price on the trading day immediately prior to the announcement of the initial offer with respect to the applicable transaction. These premiums ranged from 18% to 43%, which RBCCM then applied to the closing price of the New Gold Common Shares as of October 31, 2025, and which resulted in implied values ranging from $8.66 to $10.50 per New Gold Common Share.

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis. RBCCM reviewed the implied exchange ratios for certain periods over the twelve-month period ended immediately prior to October 31, 2025, as well as the three-year period ended October 31, 2025, in each case, calculated by dividing the closing price of New Gold Common Shares by the closing price of Coeur Common Stock for each trading day during the applicable period. This review revealed that the minimum, average and maximum implied exchange ratios for (i) the last-twelve-months period were 0.3242x, 0.4768x and 0.7254x, respectively, (ii) the last-six-months period were 0.3242x, 0.4663x and 0.7254x, respectively, (iii) the last-three-months period were 0.3242x, 0.4055x and 0.4908x, respectively, and (iv) the last-one-month period were 0.3242x, 0.3588x and 0.4275x, respectively, as compared to the Exchange Ratio of 0.4959x. In addition, RBCCM noted that the implied exchange ratios for the three-year period ended October 31, 2025 ranged from 0.2264x to 0.7254x, as compared to the Exchange Ratio of 0.4959x.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Overview of Analyses; Other Considerations

No single company or transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison was identical to Coeur, New Gold or the Arrangement, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involved complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, businesses or transactions analyzed.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves the application of subjective business judgment in determining the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to particular circumstances. Several analytical methodologies were used by RBCCM, and no one method of analysis should be regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached. Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature of the available information may further affect the value of particular techniques. The overall conclusions of RBCCM were based on all the analyses and factors presented herein taken as a whole and also on application of RBCCM's own experience and judgment. Such conclusions may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis. RBCCM therefore believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the analyses and the factors considered, without considering all factors and analyses, could create an incomplete or misleading view of the processes underlying its opinion.

RBCCM, as part of its investment banking services, is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings, underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of business, RBCCM and/or certain of its affiliates may actively trade securities of Coeur, New Gold and/or other entities involved in the Arrangement or their respective affiliates for its or its affiliates' own account or for the account of customers and, accordingly, RBCCM and its affiliates may hold a long or short position in such securities. RBCCM and certain of its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide, investment banking, commercial banking and financial advisory services to Coeur, New Gold and certain of their respective affiliates unrelated to the Arrangement, for which services RBCCM and its affiliates have received and expect to receive customary compensation, including, since the beginning of RBCCM's 2023 fiscal year (November 1, 2022), having acted or acting as (a) with respect to Coeur, as (i) a lender under a credit facility, (ii) an agent in connection with an at-the market Coeur Common Stock offering in August 2023, and (iii) cash management services, having received aggregate compensation in respect of the services described in this clause (a) of approximately $6.7 million, and (b) with respect to New Gold, as (i) a lender under a credit facility, (ii) co-lead manager in connection with a New Gold Common Shares offering in May 2024, and (iii) joint bookrunner in connection with a senior notes offering in March 2025, having received aggregate compensation in respect of the services described in this clause (b) of approximately $3.7 million.

Under its engagement agreement with Coeur, RBCCM became entitled to a fee of $4,500,000 upon the delivery of its opinion in connection with the Arrangement, without regard to the conclusion therein. Coeur has also agreed to indemnify RBCCM for certain liabilities that may arise out of its engagement, and to reimburse certain out-of-pocket expenses incurred by RBCCM in performing its services. The terms of RBCCM's engagement letter were negotiated at arm's-length between Coeur and RBCCM, and the Coeur Board was aware of this fee arrangement at the time it reviewed and approved the Arrangement Agreement.

Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial and Operating Information

Coeur does not, as a matter of course, make public long-term forecasts or projections as to future performance, revenues, production, earnings or other results given, among other reasons, the uncertainty of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, in connection with the Arrangement, Coeur management prepared and provided to the Coeur Board (i) certain unaudited internal financial forecasts with respect to Coeur on a standalone basis and giving effect to the Arrangement and (ii) certain unaudited financial forecasts with respect to New Gold on a standalone basis utilizing information provided by New Gold management and Coeur management assumptions (collectively, the "Forecasted Financial Information"). The Forecasted Financial Information also was provided to BMO Capital Markets and RBCCM for their use and reliance in connection with their respective financial analyses and opinions as described in the section entitled "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur." Certain financial information underlying the Forecasted Financial Information also was provided to New Gold and its financial advisors.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Forecasted Financial Information was not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation or presentation of prospective financial information. The Forecasted Financial Information was provided by Coeur management to the Coeur Board in connection with its evaluation of the Arrangement and to Coeur's financial advisors, BMO Capital Markets and RBCCM, for their use and reliance in connection with their respective financial analyses and opinions as described in the section entitled "The Arrangement-Opinions of Financial Advisors to Coeur." The inclusion of this Forecasted Financial Information should not be regarded as an indication that Coeur or its affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives or any other recipient of this Forecasted Financial Information considered, or now considers, it to be necessarily predictive of actual future performance or events, or that it should be construed as financial guidance, and such summary projections set forth below should not be relied on as such.

The Forecasted Financial Information includes non-GAAP and non-IFRS financial measures, including free cash flow. Please see the tables below for a description of how Coeur defines these non-GAAP and non-IFRS financial measures. Coeur believes that free cash flow provides a useful measure of available cash generated by operating activities for investing, to reduce leverage or make distributions. Non-GAAP and non-IFRS financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS, and non-GAAP and non-IFRS financial measures used by Coeur may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.

This Forecasted Financial Information was prepared for internal use and is subjective in many respects. While presented with numerical specificity, the Forecasted Financial Information reflects numerous estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of Coeur, including, among others, Coeur's and/or New Gold's future results, precious metals mining activity, commodity prices, demand for precious metals, the availability of sufficient cash flow or financing to fund the exploration and development costs associated with their respective projected mining programs, takeaway capacity and the availability of services in the areas in which Coeur and New Gold operate, geopolitical uncertainties, general economic and regulatory conditions and other matters described in the sections entitled "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," "Where You Can Find More Information" and "Risk Factors." The Forecasted Financial Information reflects both assumptions as to certain business decisions that are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual experience and business developments. None of Coeur nor its affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives can give assurance that the Forecasted Financial Information and the underlying estimates and assumptions will be realized. This Forecasted Financial Information constitutes "forward-looking statements" and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those set forth below.

The Forecasted Financial Information included in this Proxy Statement has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, Coeur management. Neither Coeur's independent registered public accounting firm, GT, nor any other independent registered public accounting firm, including New Gold's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte, has audited, reviewed, examined, compiled or applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the accompanying Forecasted Financial Information and, accordingly, GT and Deloitte do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and assume no responsibility for, and disclaim any association with, the prospective financial information.

The Forecasted Financial Information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date on which it was prepared. Coeur cannot give assurance that, had the Forecasted Financial Information been prepared as of a date subsequent to the Arrangement Agreement or as of the date of this Proxy Statement, similar estimates and assumptions would be used. Except as required by applicable securities laws, Coeur does not intend to, and disclaims any obligation to, make publicly available any update or other revision to the Forecasted Financial Information to reflect circumstances existing since its preparation or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even if any or all of the underlying assumptions are shown to be inappropriate, including with respect to the accounting treatment of the Arrangement under U.S. GAAP, or to reflect changes in general economic or industry conditions. The Forecasted Financial Information does not take into account all of the possible financial and other effects of the Arrangement on Coeur or New Gold, the effect on Coeur or New Gold of any business or strategic decision or action that has been or will be taken as a result of the Arrangement Agreement having been executed, or the effect of any business or strategic decisions or actions that would likely have been taken if the Arrangement Agreement had not been executed, but which

TABLE OF CONTENTS

were instead altered, accelerated, postponed or not taken in anticipation of the Arrangement. None of Coeur, New Gold or their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to make any representation to any Coeur stockholder or New Gold shareholder regarding Coeur's or New Gold's ultimate performance compared to the information contained in the Forecasted Financial Information or that the Forecasted Financial Information will be achieved. The inclusion of the Forecasted Financial Information herein should not be deemed an admission or representation by Coeur, New Gold or their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives or any other person that it is viewed as material information of Coeur or New Gold, particularly in light of the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with such forecasts. The summary of the Forecasted Financial Information included below is not included in this Proxy Statement to influence any Coeur stockholder's decision or to induce any stockholder to vote in favor of any of the proposals at the Coeur special meeting, but is provided solely because it was made available to the Coeur Board and Coeur's financial advisors in connection with the Arrangement.

In light of the foregoing, and considering that the Coeur special meeting will be held several months after the Forecasted Financial Information was prepared, and the uncertainties inherent in any forecasted information, Coeur stockholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such information, and Coeur urges you to review Coeur's and New Gold's most recent public filings with the SEC and on SEDAR+ for a description of Coeur's and New Gold's reported financial results included therein. See the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information."

In preparing the prospective financial and operating information described below, Coeur management used the following gold, silver and copper price assumptions, which were based on Wall Street consensus pricing estimates as of October 30, 2025:

?             ? ? ?
              ? ? Prices
              ? ? 2025E  ? ? 2026E  ? ? 2027E  ? ? 2028E  ? ? 2029E  ? ? 2030E  ? ? LT
Gold ($/oz)   ? ? $3,258 ? ? $3,438 ? ? $3,200 ? ? $3,000 ? ? $3,000 ? ? $2,975 ? ? $2,950
Silver ($/oz) ? ? $35.54 ? ? $38.50 ? ? $37.75 ? ? $35.20 ? ? $35.35 ? ? $33.00 ? ? $32.50
Copper ($/lb) ? ? $4.37  ? ? $4.50  ? ? $4.50  ? ? $4.50  ? ? $4.50  ? ? $4.50  ? ? $4.45
?             ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?


The following tables set forth certain summarized prospective financial and operating information of New Gold for the fiscal years 2025 through 2040 and Coeur for the fiscal years 2025 through 2052, each on a standalone basis. In addition to different pricing scenarios based on the gold, silver and copper price assumptions, Coeur management prepared the following forecasts for each of New Gold and Coeur.

The table below sets forth prospective information related to New Gold as prepared by Coeur management:

?                           ? ? ?
                            ? ? New Gold Standalone
US$ in millions             ? ? 2025   ? ? 2026   ? ? 2027   ? ? 2028   ? ? 2029   ? ? 2030   ? ? 2031 ? ? 2032 ? ? 2033 ? ? 2034 ? ? 2035 ? ? 2036 ? ? 2037   ? ? 2038 ? ? 2039 ? ? 2040
Net Revenue                 ? ? $1,398 ? ? $1,850 ? ? $1,743 ? ? $1,544 ? ? $1,458 ? ? $1,167 ? ? $684 ? ? $608 ? ? $496 ? ? $621 ? ? $850 ? ? $934 ? ? $139   ? ? $-   ? ? $-   ? ? $-
Adj, EBITDA(1)              ? ? $819   ? ? $1,153 ? ? $1,062 ? ? $843   ? ? $770   ? ? $603   ? ? $242 ? ? $157 ? ? $101 ? ? $198 ? ? $383 ? ? $479 ? ? $47    ? ? $-   ? ? $-   ? ? $-
Operating Cash Flow         ? ? $812   ? ? $1,117 ? ? $944   ? ? $574   ? ? $558   ? ? $407   ? ? $98  ? ? $132 ? ? $82  ? ? $177 ? ? $329 ? ? $337 ? ? ($148) ? ? ($3) ? ? ($1) ? ? ($12)
Unlevered Free Cash Flow(2) ? ? $534   ? ? $944   ? ? $819   ? ? $490   ? ? $466   ? ? $291   ? ? $4   ? ? $22  ? ? ($5) ? ? $136 ? ? $296 ? ? $331 ? ? ($148) ? ? ($3) ? ? ($1) ? ? ($12)
?                           ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?      ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?


(1)

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted for certain items. Accordingly, it should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flow from operating activities or other measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

(2)

Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and defined as EBITDA less income taxes, less mining duties and value-added taxes plus or less net working capital and inventory variation adjustments, less capital expenditures and reclamation. Accordingly, it should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flow from operating activities or other measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

The table below sets forth prospective information related to Coeur as prepared by Coeur management:

?               ? ? ?
                ? ? Coeur Standalone
US$ in millions ? ? 2025   ? ? 2026   ? ? 2027   ? ? 2028   ? ? 2029   ? ? 2030   ? ? 2031   ? ? 2032 ? ? 2033 ? ? 2034 ? ? 2035 ? ? 2036 ? ? 2037 ? ? 2038 ? ? 2039 ? ? 2040-52
Net Revenue     ? ? $1,868 ? ? $2,351 ? ? $2,012 ? ? $1,792 ? ? $1,743 ? ? $1,587 ? ? $1,409 ? ? $734 ? ? $556 ? ? $522 ? ? $560 ? ? $619 ? ? $625 ? ? $565 ? ? $425 ? ? $1,634
Adj, EBITDA(1)  ? ? $882   ? ? $1,369 ? ? $1,043 ? ? $840   ? ? $777   ? ? $630   ? ? $608   ? ? $262 ? ? $188 ? ? $150 ? ? $198 ? ? $230 ? ? $241 ? ? $202 ? ? $158 ? ? $647
?               ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?      ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?


TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                           ? ? ?
                            ? ? Coeur Standalone
US$ in millions             ? ? 2025 ? ? 2026   ? ? 2027 ? ? 2028 ? ? 2029 ? ? 2030 ? ? 2031 ? ? 2032 ? ? 2033 ? ? 2034 ? ? 2035 ? ? 2036 ? ? 2037 ? ? 2038 ? ? 2039 ? ? 2040-52
Operating Cash Flow         ? ? $762 ? ? $1,111 ? ? $750 ? ? $622 ? ? $580 ? ? $489 ? ? $424 ? ? $146 ? ? $130 ? ? $108 ? ? $128 ? ? $163 ? ? $186 ? ? $146 ? ? $141 ? ? $509
Unlevered Free Cash Flow(2) ? ? $536 ? ? $901   ? ? $606 ? ? $496 ? ? $498 ? ? $433 ? ? $405 ? ? $103 ? ? $83  ? ? $89  ? ? $125 ? ? $140 ? ? $168 ? ? $125 ? ? $141 ? ? $485
?                           ? ? ?    ? ? ?      ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?    ? ? ?


(1)

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted for certain items. Accordingly, it should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flow from operating activities or other measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

(2)

Unlevered free cash flow is an non-GAAP financial measure and defined as EBITDA less income taxes, less mining duties and value-added taxes plus or less net working capital and inventory variation adjustments, less capital expenditures and reclamation. Accordingly, it should not be considered as a substitute for net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flow from operating activities or other measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

The table below sets forth estimates of the intrinsic value for certain unmodelled resources of Coeur not otherwise accounted for in the preceding table, as prepared by Coeur management. The intrinsic value for Silvertip is derived by applying a $1.75 per silver equivalent ounce multiple to 171.0 million in contained silver equivalent resources at Silvertip. Commodity prices assumed for silver equivalent calculations are based on the long-term prices set forth in the preceding table. The intrinsic value for Exploration Upside is derived by applying a $25 per gold ounce multiple to 1 million gold ounces based on Coeur management's view of future exploration potential:

?
Intrinsic Value of Unmodelled ResourcesUS$ in millions
Silvtertip(In-Situ Value) ? ? 300
Exploration Upside        ? ? 25
Total                     ? ? 325
?                         ? ? ?


COEUR DOES NOT INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE ABOVE FORECASTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF FUTURE EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING SUCH FORECASTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ARE NO LONGER APPROPRIATE, EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Board of Directors Following the Arrangement

Coeur has agreed with New Gold that it will take all actions necessary to ensure that, as of the Effective Time, Patrick Godin and an additional member of New Gold's board of directors shall be appointed to the Coeur Board and at the next annual general meeting of Coeur held to consider the election of directors that occurs following the Effective Date of the Arrangement, Patrick Godin and an additional member of New Gold's board of directors shall be nominated by Coeur for election as a director of Coeur, provided that (i) such nominees meet any applicable qualification requirements to serve as directors under applicable laws, and (ii) such nominees have each delivered to Coeur a consent to act as a director of Coeur.

Coeur anticipates that the current members of its board of directors shall continue to serve as directors upon closing of the Arrangement. Accordingly, the board of directors of the combined company will consist of: Linda L. Adamany, Pierre Beaudoin, Paramita Das, N. Eric Fier, Patrick Godin, Jeane L. Hull, Mitchell J. Krebs, Eduardo Luna, Robert E. Mellor, Kenneth Thompson and another director of New Gold to be determined.

Management Following the Arrangement

Coeur anticipates the current members of its management team shall continue to serve as officers of the combined company: Mitchell J. Krebs, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Thomas S. Whelan, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Michael Routledge, Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer, Casey M. Nault, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary, Emilie C. Schouten, Senior Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer, and Aoife McGrath, Senior Vice President, Exploration.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Interests of Coeur Directors and Executive Officers in the Arrangement

In considering the recommendation of the Coeur Board that you vote "FOR" each of the proposals, you should be aware that certain of Coeur's directors and executive officers have interests in the Arrangement that may be different from, or in addition to, those of Coeur stockholders generally. The Coeur Board was aware of and considered these interests when it approved the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and unanimously recommended that Coeur stockholders vote "FOR" each of the proposals. Such interests include that certain current directors and executive officers of Coeur are expected to continue as directors and executive officers of Coeur following the consummation of the Arrangement.

In addition, each director on the board of directors of Coeur and certain officers of Coeur have entered into a voting agreement with New Gold which provides that the signatories thereto will, subject to limited exceptions, vote their shares in favor of adopting the Arrangement Agreement or approving the stock issuance and the Charter Amendment, as applicable, and against any alternative business combination transaction.

See "The Arrangement-Voting Agreements" for a detailed summary of the Voting Agreements.

Accounting Treatment

Coeur prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and New Gold prepares its financial statements in accordance with IFRS. In accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations, Coeur will be treated as the acquirer for accounting purposes and will account for the Arrangement as an acquisition of a business, which requires the determination of the acquirer, the purchase price, the acquisition date, the fair value of assets and liabilities of the acquiree and the measurement of goodwill, if any.

Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Stock Transfer Restrictions

Exemption from the Registration Requirements of the Securities Act

The Consideration Shares issued to New Gold shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement, will not be registered under the Securities Act or the U.S. securities laws of any state of the United States and will be issued and exchanged in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) thereof. Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act exempts from the registration requirements under the Securities Act the issuance of securities which have been approved, after a hearing upon the substantive and procedural fairness of the terms and conditions of the relevant transaction, at which all persons to whom it is proposed the securities will be issued shall have the right to appear, by any court expressly authorized by law to grant such approval.

Under the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold is required to submit the Plan of Arrangement to the Court and it so submitted the Plan of Arrangement on December 15, 2025 for an Interim Order after informing the Court of the intention to rely upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) thereof, and permitting notice to all persons who are entitled to receive the Consideration Shares under the Arrangement. The Interim Order was obtained on December 17, 2025. Under the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold is required to ensure that each person entitled to receive the Consideration Shares will be given adequate notice of their right to attend the hearing of the Court to give approval of the Arrangement and providing them with sufficient information necessary to exercise that right. The Interim Order also specifies such a right of New Gold shareholders to appear before the Court so long as they enter an appearance within a reasonable time. Persons entitled to receive the Consideration Shares will also be advised that the Consideration Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act and will be issued in reliance on the exemption under section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. Following New Gold's receipt of the Interim Order and the New Gold shareholder approval of the Arrangement, New Gold will seek a Final Order from the Court as to the substantive and procedural fairness of the Plan of Arrangement. New Gold shareholders will have the right to appear at the hearing for the Final Order. Such Final Order is a condition to the consummation of the Plan of Arrangement and the issuance of the Consideration Shares. Coeur therefore anticipates that, if the Plan of Arrangement becomes effective under the terms and conditions described in the Arrangement Agreement (including the receipt of such Final Order from the Court), the issuance of Consideration Shares to holders of New Gold shares will be exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) thereof.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Resales of Coeur Common Stock After the Effective Time

The shares of Coeur Common Stock to be received by the New Gold shareholders in exchange for their New Gold Common Shares pursuant to the Arrangement will be freely transferable under U.S. securities laws, except by persons who are "affiliates" (as defined in Rule 144) of Coeur after the Effective Time, or were "affiliates" of Coeur within 90 days prior to the Effective Time. Persons who may be deemed to be "affiliates" of an issuer include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, the issuer, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, and generally include executive officers and directors of the issuer as well as principal shareholders of the issuer.

Any resale of shares of Coeur Common Stock by such an "affiliate" or former "affiliate" may be subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act, absent an exemption therefrom, such as the exemption contained in Rule 144.

The foregoing discussion is only a general overview of certain provisions of United States securities law matters applicable to the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. All recipients of such shares of Coeur Common Stock are urged to consult with counsel to ensure that any subsequent transfer of such securities or securities underlying such securities complies with applicable securities laws.

Court Approval

The Arrangement requires approval by the Court under Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA. In accordance with the Arrangement Agreement, the Interim Order hearing is anticipated to be on a date that is on or about 15 calendar days immediately following the date of filing of this Proxy Statement with the SEC (subject to obtaining clearance of this Proxy Statement by the SEC). Under the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold is required to diligently pursue an application for Final Order pursuant to Section 291 of the BCBCA if the Interim Order, required New Gold Shareholder Approval and Coeur Stockholder Approval are obtained, but in any event no later than four business days after the approval of the Arrangement by New Gold shareholders. The Court hearing in respect of the Final Order is expected to take place two to three business days following the date of the New Gold shareholder meeting.

Shareholder Approvals

Coeur Stockholder Approvals

At the special meeting, Coeur stockholders will be required to consider and vote on the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal. The Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal will be required to be approved by the Coeur stockholders in order for the Arrangement to be completed. Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. Approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the votes cast FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal.

New Gold Shareholder Approval

At the New Gold Shareholder Meeting, New Gold shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on a special resolution to approve the Arrangement. In order for the Arrangement to become effective, the Arrangement resolution must be approved by (i) at least 662?3% of the votes cast by the shareholders of New Gold, voting together as a single class, present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting, and (ii) a majority of the votes cast by New Gold shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting, excluding the New Gold Common Shares held by persons required to be excluded under MI 61-101.

Regulatory Approvals

It is a mutual condition precedent to the consummation of the Arrangement that the Mexico Antitrust Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval shall have been obtained and shall not have been modified or rescinded.

Stock Exchange Matters

New Gold has undertaken covenants in the Arrangement Agreement to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the New Gold Common Shares to be delisted from the TSX and NYSE American following the Effective Time. In connection with the Arrangement, Coeur intends to list its shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX. It is a

TABLE OF CONTENTS

condition to the completion of the Arrangement that Coeur receive conditional approval from the TSX for the listing of the Consideration Shares on the TSX, subject only to satisfying the customary listing conditions of the TSX. Upon listing its shares of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX, Coeur will be required to comply with the TSX's ongoing listing requirements, including those set out in the TSX Company Manual. Coeur has undertaken covenants in the Arrangement Agreement to apply for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange by the Effective Time of the shares of Coeur.

Fees, Costs and Expenses

All legal and accounting costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Arrangement Agreement will be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses, subject to certain exceptions listed below (among others).

Expense Reimbursement Fees Payable by New Gold

In the event that the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by either Coeur or New Gold upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Failure to Obtain New Gold Shareholder Approval" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Either Party" below and New Gold's board of directors has not made a Change in Recommendation (as defined below), New Gold will reimburse Coeur for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by Coeur's third-party representatives in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of $33,965,000. However, if New Gold is required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment (as defined below) to Coeur due to a New Gold Termination Payment Event (as defined below) occurring, New Gold will not be required to pay an expense reimbursement fee to Coeur.

Expense Reimbursement Fees Payable by Coeur

In the event that the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by either Coeur or New Gold upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Failure to Obtain Coeur Stockholder Approval" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Either Party" below and the Coeur Board has not made a Change in Recommendation, Coeur will reimburse New Gold for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by New Gold's third-party representatives in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of $33,965,000. However, if Coeur is required to pay the Coeur Termination Payment (as defined below) due to a Coeur Termination Payment Event (as defined below) occurring, Coeur will not be required to pay an expense reimbursement fee to New Gold.

Fees Associated with Regulatory Filings

Fees associated with any filings made to any governmental entity in connection with the required regulatory approvals will be borne by Coeur.

Voting Agreements

In connection with the execution of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur has entered into a New Gold Voting Agreement with each of the directors and certain officers of New Gold , who collectively held approximately 0.1% of the outstanding New Gold Common Shares as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and New Gold has entered into a Coeur Voting Agreement with each of the directors and certain officers of Coeur, who collectively held approximately 1.5% of the outstanding shares of Coeur Common Stock as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement. Each Voting Agreement provides that the signatories thereto will, subject to limited exceptions, vote their shares in favor of approving the Arrangement (in the case of New Gold signatories) or adopting the Stock Issuance Proposal and Charter Amendment Proposal (in the case of Coeur signatories), and against certain matters that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement. Such shareholders have also agreed not to exercise any rights of appraisal or rights of dissent provided under any applicable laws, among other things. Each Voting Agreement terminates upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Effective Time, (b) the date the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, and (c) the completion of the Coeur Stockholder Meeting or New Gold Shareholder Meeting, as applicable.

Copies of the forms of the New Gold Voting Agreement and the Coeur Voting Agreement are attached as Schedule E and Schedule F to the Arrangement Agreement, respectively, which is attached hereto as Annex C to this Proxy Statement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

General

Following completion of the Arrangement, Coeur will continue to be the publicly traded parent company of the combined business with the Coeur Common Stock traded on the NYSE, and New Gold will indirectly, through Canadian Sub, be an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Coeur. It is also a condition to the completion of the Arrangement that Coeur receive conditional approval from the TSX for the listing of the Consideration Shares on the TSX, subject only to satisfying the customary listing conditions of the TSX. Coeur will, upon completion of the Arrangement, be required to comply with the TSX's ongoing listing requirements. The combined company will remain a corporation governed by the laws of the state of Delaware. Coeur's head office will continue to be located at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS

Under the DGCL, holders of shares of Coeur Common Stock are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Arrangement or any of the matters to be acted on at the special meeting.

LITIGATION RELATED TO THE ARRANGEMENT

After filing its Preliminary Proxy Statement on December 3, 2025, Coeur received demand letters from purported stockholders alleging that Coeur and certain of its directors and officers violated Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with the disclosures relating to the Arrangement. The demands assert that Coeur's disclosures were incomplete and misleading. Coeur does not believe that the allegations in these demand letters are meritorious and intends to defend against them vigorously.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

INFORMATION ABOUT THE PARTIES TO THE ARRANGEMENT

Coeur

Founded in 1928, Coeur is a U.S.-based, well-diversified, precious metals producer that operates certain gold and silver mines in the United States, Canada and Mexico, including the Las Chispas silver-gold mine in Sonora, Mexico, the Palmarejo gold and silver complex in Chihuahua, Mexico, the Rochester silver-gold mine in Nevada, the Kensington gold mine in Alaska and the Wharf gold mine in South Dakota. In addition, Coeur wholly-owns the Silvertip exploration project in British Columbia.

Shares of Coeur Common Stock currently trade on the NYSE under the symbol "CDE." Coeur's principal executive offices are located at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Its telephone number is (312) 489-5800 and its website address is www.coeur.com. Information contained on its website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.

Canadian Sub

Canadian Sub is a company formed under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur formed for the purpose of effecting the Arrangement.

New Gold

New Gold is a Canadian-focused intermediate gold mining company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, with a portfolio of two core producing assets in Canada, the New Afton copper-gold mine and Rainy River gold mine.

New Gold Common Shares are traded on the TSX under the symbol "NGD" and the NYSE American under the symbol "NGD." New Gold's head offices are located at Brookfield Place 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320 Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3. Its telephone number is (416) 324-6000 and its website address is www.newgold.com. Information contained on its website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT

The summary of the material provisions of the Arrangement Agreement below and elsewhere in this Proxy Statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Arrangement Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex A. This summary may not contain all of the information about the Arrangement Agreement that is important to you. We urge you to carefully read the Arrangement Agreement in its entirety, including all of its schedules, as it is the legal document governing the Arrangement. The Arrangement Agreement contains representations and warranties that New Gold, Coeur and Canadian Sub have made to each other as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Arrangement Agreement were made solely for purposes of the Arrangement Agreement and the arrangement and agreements contemplated thereby among New Gold and Coeur, and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by New Gold and Coeur in connection with negotiating the terms thereof. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders and reports and documents filed with the SEC or on SEDAR+, as applicable, and the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Arrangement Agreement (and summarized below) are qualified by information in disclosure letters provided by New Gold to Coeur and by Coeur to New Gold in connection with the signing of the Arrangement Agreement and by certain information contained in certain of Coeur's and New Gold's public filings with the SEC or on SEDAR+, as applicable. The disclosure letters and filings with the SEC or on SEDAR+, as applicable, contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Arrangement Agreement. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed or may change after November 2, 2025 and subsequent developments or new information qualifying a representation or warranty may have been included in this Proxy Statement. In addition, if specific material facts arise that contradict the representations and warranties in the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur or New Gold, as applicable, will disclose those material facts in the public filings that it makes with the SEC or on SEDAR+, as applicable, in accordance with, and to the extent required by, applicable law. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Arrangement Agreement and their description in this Proxy Statement should not be read alone, but instead should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in the reports, statements and filings Coeur and New Gold publicly file with the SEC or on SEDAR+, as applicable. For more information, see the "Where You Can Find More Information" section of this Proxy Statement.

The Arrangement

On November 2, 2025, Coeur, New Gold, and Canadian Sub entered into the Arrangement Agreement. The Arrangement Agreement provides that at the Effective Time, Canadian Sub will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of New Gold in exchange for stock consideration, with New Gold continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur.

The Arrangement will be implemented by way of a plan of arrangement under the BCBCA and requires approval by: (i) the Court; and (ii) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the shareholders of New Gold present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the New Gold Shareholder Meeting; and a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders of New Gold present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the New Gold Shareholder Meeting, excluding those votes attached to New Gold Common Shares held by persons required to be excluded pursuant to MI 61-101 at the New Gold Shareholder Meeting.

If the Final Order is granted, and all other conditions to completion of the Arrangement, as set out in the Arrangement Agreement, are satisfied or waived (to the extent that such conditions are capable of being satisfied prior to the Effective Date and, if waived, are not prohibited from being waived), the Arrangement will become effective at the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Plan of Arrangement.

Consideration Issuable Pursuant to the Arrangement

At the Effective Time, each New Gold shareholder (other than New Gold Common Shares held by dissenting New Gold shareholders) will receive consideration of 0.4959 shares of Coeur Common Stock for each New Gold Common Share they hold.

No fractional shares of Coeur Common Stock will be issued as part of the Arrangement. Where the aggregate number of shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued to a New Gold shareholder as stock consideration would result in a fractional share of Coeur Common Stock being issuable, such fractional share of Coeur Common Stock

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share of Coeur Common Stock in the event that a New Gold shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a share of Coeur Common Stock and shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share of Coeur Common Stock in the event that a New Gold shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a share of Coeur Common Stock.

Treatment of New Gold Equity Awards in the Arrangement

New Gold equity-based awards that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be treated in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement, the Plan of Arrangement and the applicable New Gold equity incentive plan.

New Gold Options

Each New Gold Option immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be fully vested and cancelled in exchange for an amount equal to (a) the product of (i) the number of New Gold common shares for which such New Gold Options may be exercised and (ii) the volume weighted average share price of the New Gold Common Shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (during continuous trading hours) for the five trading days ending on the third business day prior to the Effective Date less (b) its exercise price.

Prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, New Gold shall take such action as may be required to conditionally accelerate the vesting of all unvested New Gold Options such that, without further action by or on behalf of the New Gold Option holders, following the Effective Time and pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, such New Gold Options will be deemed to be cancelled in exchange for the consideration set out in the Plan of Arrangement. New Gold will pay to the holders of New Gold Options, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of New Gold Options in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold Options.

New Gold Performance Share Units

All New Gold PSUs shall be fully vested in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date) immediately prior to the Effective Time provided that (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the third business day prior to the Effective Date for each New Gold PSU shall be determined based on the terms of the New Gold LTIP and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the third business day prior to the Effective Date for each New Gold PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of New Gold employees who are employed by Coeur, New Gold or any of their respective subsidiaries following the Effective Time ("Continuing Employees"); or (ii) 150% in the case of New Gold employees whose employment with New Gold or any of its subsidiaries is terminated at or immediately prior to the Effective Time ("Non-Continuing Employees"). In addition, for each holder of New Gold PSUs who is a Continuing Employee, within 50 days following the Effective Date, Coeur will grant restricted share units of Coeur ("Coeur RSUs") as retention awards having a value equal to the difference between (i) the cash payment such holder would have received for such New Gold PSUs as at the Effective Time if treated as a Non-Continuing Employee, and (ii) the cash payment such holder actually received for such New Gold PSUs, with such Coeur RSUs vesting as to 50% on the first anniversary of the grant and as to the remainder on the second anniversary of the grant.

Prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, New Gold shall take such action as may be required in order to ensure that all New Gold PSUs shall be fully vested pursuant to the terms of the New Gold LTIP and the Arrangement Agreement such that all the New Gold PSUs will be redeemed by New Gold for cash, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date) and the Plan of Arrangement.

New Gold Deferred Share Units

All New Gold DSUs shall be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the deferred share unit plan of New Gold effective May 6, 2010 (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

New Gold Restricted Share Units

All New Gold RSUs shall be treated as follows: New Gold RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees ("Accelerated RSUs") will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the third business day prior to the Effective Date); and New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be (1) amended by multiplying each such New Gold RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of New Gold RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment (the "Revised New Gold RSUs"); (2) upon the vesting of such Revised New Gold RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised New Gold RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP, with reference to the trading price of the shares of Coeur rather than the New Gold Common Shares and (3) such Revised New Gold RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of the New Gold LTIP and any document evidencing the New Gold RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in the Arrangement Agreement).

Dissent Rights of New Gold Shareholders

Registered New Gold shareholders as of the record date of the New Gold Shareholder Meeting may exercise rights of dissent with respect to the Arrangement resolution pursuant to Division 2 of Part 8 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Plan of Arrangement, the Interim Order and the Final Order.

None of the following shall be entitled to exercise dissent rights: (i) a holder of any New Gold incentive awards in respect of such holder's New Gold incentive awards; (ii) New Gold shareholders who vote or have instructed a proxyholder to vote their common shares in favor of the Arrangement resolution; and (iii) any other person who is not a registered New Gold shareholder as of the record date for the New Gold Shareholder Meeting.

Payment of Consideration

Coeur and New Gold have appointed Computershare Investor Services Inc. to act as depositary to handle the exchange of the New Gold Common Shares for shares of Coeur Common Stock. Following receipt of the Final Order and no later than one business day prior to the Effective Date, Coeur will deposit in escrow, or cause to be deposited in escrow, with the depositary, sufficient shares of Coeur Common Stock to satisfy the consideration payable to the New Gold shareholders pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement.

Upon surrender to the depositary for cancellation of a certificate or a direct registration statement (DRS) advice ("DRS Advice"), which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more New Gold Common Shares that were transferred pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, together with a duly completed and executed letter of transmittal and such other documents and instruments as the depositary or Coeur may reasonably require, the holder of such New Gold Common Shares represented by such surrendered certificate or DRS Advice will be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, and the depositary will deliver to such holder (less any withholding or tax amounts, as applicable) the consideration such holder has the right to receive, and the surrendered certificate or DRS Advice will be cancelled.

After the Effective Time and until surrendered for cancellation, each certificate or DRS Advice that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more outstanding New Gold Common Shares (other than New Gold Common Shares held by dissenting New Gold shareholders) shall be deemed at all times to represent only the right to receive in exchange therefor the consideration that the holder of such certificate or DRS Advice is entitled to receive in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement (less any withholding or tax amounts, as applicable).

Efforts to Obtain Required New Gold Shareholder Approval

New Gold is required, in accordance with the Interim Order, applicable laws and its constating documents to duly call, give notice of, convene and conduct a meeting of its shareholders for the purpose of obtaining the requisite approvals of the New Gold shareholders relating to the Arrangement, to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the clearance of this Proxy Statement by the SEC (and, in any event, will use reasonable best efforts to convene such meeting within 50 days of the SEC clearance).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, New Gold will be required to adjourn or postpone its shareholder meeting if required by applicable law or a governmental entity or as required for quorum purposes, and may adjourn its shareholder meeting: (i) if New Gold reasonably determines in good faith that the requisite New Gold Shareholder Approval is

TABLE OF CONTENTS

unlikely to be obtained; (ii) if New Gold's board of directors determines in good faith that it is necessary or appropriate to postpone or adjourn the New Gold's shareholder meeting in order to give shareholders sufficient time to evaluate any information or disclosure that New Gold has sent or otherwise made available to such holders by issuing a press release, filing materials with Canadian securities authorities or otherwise; (iii) if a written notice of termination of the Arrangement Agreement is delivered by a party prior to the date of the New Gold shareholder meeting; (iv) with Coeur's prior written consent; or (v) if Coeur adjourns or postpones the Coeur meeting (in which case New Gold may adjourn or postpone the New Gold shareholder meeting to the same date and time as the Coeur meeting, and in each case, subject to the restrictions and time periods set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

Unless the New Gold Board has modified its recommendation regarding the Arrangement as permitted under the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold will include in its circular the unanimous recommendation of the New Gold Board to the New Gold shareholders that they vote in favor of the Arrangement resolution.

Efforts to Obtain Required Coeur Stockholder Approval

Coeur is required, in accordance with applicable laws and its constating documents to duly call, give notice of, convene and conduct a meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the requisite approvals of its stockholders of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the clearance of this Proxy Statement by the SEC (and, in any event, will use reasonable best efforts to convene such meeting within 50 days of receipt of the SEC clearance).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Coeur will be required to adjourn or postpone its stockholder meeting if required by applicable law or a governmental entity or as required for quorum purposes and may adjourn its stockholder meeting: (i) if Coeur reasonably determines in good faith that the requisite Coeur Stockholder Approval is unlikely to be obtained; (ii) if the Coeur Board determines that it is necessary or appropriate to postpone or adjourn the stockholder meeting in order to give stockholders sufficient time to evaluate any information or disclosure that Coeur has sent or otherwise made available to such holders by issuing a press release, filing materials with the SEC or otherwise; (iii) if a notice of termination of the Arrangement Agreement is delivered by a party prior to the date of the Coeur stockholder meeting; (iv) with New Gold's prior written consent; or (iv) if New Gold adjourns or postpones the New Gold shareholder meeting (in which case Coeur shall adjourn or postpone the Coeur meeting to the same date and time as the New Gold shareholder meeting), and in each case, subject to the restrictions and time periods set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

Unless the Coeur Board has modified its recommendation regarding the Arrangement as permitted under the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur will include in its proxy statement the unanimous recommendation of the Coeur Board to the Coeur stockholders that they vote in favor of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Final Court Approval

After the Interim Order of the Court has been obtained, the New Gold shareholders have approved the Arrangement and the Coeur stockholders have approved the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, New Gold is required to (i) diligently pursue and take all steps necessary to submit the Arrangement before the Court as promptly as reasonably practicable, and (ii) diligently pursue an application for the Final Order pursuant to Section 291 of the BCBCA as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within four business days after the New Gold Shareholder Approval is obtained. The Court will consider, among other things, the procedural and substantive fairness of the Arrangement.

Conditions to Closing

Mutual Conditions Precedent

The completion of the Arrangement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent which may only be waived with the mutual consent of Coeur and New Gold:

• New Gold Shareholder Approval. The Arrangement resolution shall have been approved and adopted by the New Gold shareholders at the New Gold Shareholder Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order.

• Interim and Final Order. The Interim Order and the Final Order shall each have been obtained on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement, and shall not have been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to either New Gold or Coeur, each acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• Coeur Stockholder Approval. The requisite approvals of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal by the Coeur stockholders shall have been obtained in accordance with the rules of the NYSE (with respect to the Stock Issuance Proposal) and the DGCL (with respect to the Charter Amendment Proposal) at the Coeur Stockholder Meeting.

• Coeur Charter Amendment. The Charter Amendment shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and be in full force and effect.

• Illegality. No law is in effect that makes the consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibits or enjoins New Gold or Coeur from consummating the Arrangement (including, any law prohibiting the issuance of the shares of Coeur Common Stock pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement without an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to section 3(a)(10)).

• Exempt from Prospectus or Registration Requirements. The distribution of the Consideration Shares shall be exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws, either by virtue of exemptive relief from the securities regulatory authorities of each of the provinces and territories of Canada, or by virtue of applicable exemptions under Canadian securities laws, and shall not be subject to resale restrictions under applicable Canadian securities laws.

• Listing of Consideration Shares. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and the TSX (subject only to customary listing conditions).

• Regulatory Approvals. The Mexico Antitrust Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval shall have been obtained and shall not have been modified or rescinded.

• No Termination. The Arrangement Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms.

Conditions in Favor of Coeur and Canadian Sub

The obligation of Coeur and Canadian Sub to complete the Arrangement is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time (each of which is for the exclusive benefit of Coeur and Canadian Sub and may be waived by Coeur, in whole or in part, at any time):

• Performance of Covenants. All covenants of New Gold under the Arrangement Agreement to be performed on or before the Effective Time shall have been duly performed by New Gold in all material respects and Coeur shall have received a certificate of New Gold addressed to Coeur and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of New Gold by a senior executive officer of New Gold (on New Gold's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same as of the Effective Date.

• Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties of New Gold set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than as contemplated in clauses (ii) and (iii)) shall be true and correct in all respects, without regard to any materiality qualifications contained in them, as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), except where the failure or failures of all such representations and warranties to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect with respect to New Gold; (ii) the representations and warranties of New Gold relating to organization and qualification, authority relative to the Arrangement Agreement, no conflict and absence of a material adverse effect shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time; and (iii) the representations and warranties of New Gold relating to subsidiaries, capitalization and listing and brokers shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies and as a result of transactions, changes, conditions, events or circumstances permitted under the Arrangement Agreement) as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), and Coeur shall have received a certificate of New Gold addressed to Coeur and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of New Gold by a senior executive officer of New Gold (on New Gold's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• No New Gold Material Adverse Effect. Between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Effective Time, there shall not have occurred a material adverse effect with respect to New Gold that is continuing as of the Effective Time.

• Dissent Rights. Dissent rights exercisable by the New Gold shareholders in respect of the Arrangement shall not have been exercised (or, if exercised, not withdrawn) with respect to more than 5% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Common Shares.

Conditions in Favor of New Gold

The obligation of New Gold to complete the Arrangement is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time (each of which is for the exclusive benefit of New Gold and may be waived by New Gold, in whole or in part, at any time):

• Performance of Covenants. All covenants of Coeur under the Arrangement Agreement to be performed on or before the Effective Time shall have been duly performed by Coeur in all material respects and New Gold shall have received a certificate of Coeur, addressed to New Gold and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Coeur by a senior executive officer (on Coeur's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same as of the Effective Date.

• Representations and Warranties. (i) the representations and warranties of Coeur set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than as contemplated in clauses (ii) and (iii)) shall be true and correct in all respects, without regard to any materiality qualifications contained in them, as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), except where the failure or failures of all such representations and warranties to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect with respect to Coeur; (ii) the representations and warranties of Coeur related to organization and qualification, authority relative to the Arrangement Agreement, no conflict and absence of a material adverse effect with respect to Coeur shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time; and (iii) the representations and warranties of Coeur relating to subsidiaries, capitalization and listing and brokers shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies and as a result of transactions, changes, conditions, events or circumstances permitted under the Arrangement Agreement) as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), and New Gold shall have received a certificate of Coeur addressed to New Gold and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Coeur by a senior executive officer of Coeur (on Coeur's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same.

• Payment of Consideration. Coeur shall have deposited, or caused to be deposited, with the depositary sufficient shares of Coeur Common Stock to satisfy its obligations under the Arrangement Agreement, and the depositary shall have confirmed to New Gold its receipt of such shares of Coeur Common Stock.

• No Coeur Material Adverse Effect. Between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Effective Time, there shall not have occurred a material adverse effect with respect to Coeur that is continuing as of the Effective Time.

• New Gold Director Nominees' Appointment. The two New Gold director nominees (to the extent they have consented to their appointment) shall have been appointed to the Coeur Board to be effective as of the Effective Time.

Representations and Warranties

The Arrangement Agreement contains certain representations and warranties made by Coeur, New Gold and Canadian Sub, in each case of a nature customary for transactions of this type. The representations and warranties were made solely for the purposes of the Arrangement Agreement and, in some cases, are subject to important qualifications, limitations and exceptions agreed to by New Gold and Coeur in connection with negotiating the Arrangement Agreement. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders and reports and documents publicly filed by

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Coeur or New Gold. Accordingly, the New Gold shareholders and the Coeur stockholders should not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts, since they are also modified, by New Gold's and Coeur's respective disclosure letters delivered in connection with the Arrangement Agreement. The disclosure letters contain information that has been included in the respective party's general prior public disclosures, as well as potential additional non-public information. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed since the date of the Arrangement Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the public record.

The representations and warranties of each of New Gold, Coeur and Canadian Sub relate to the following matters: organization and qualification; authority relative to the Arrangement Agreement; no conflict, required filings and consent; subsidiaries; compliance with laws and constating documents; authorizations; capitalization and listing; shareholder and similar agreements; reporting issuer status; reports; stock exchange matters; financial statements; no undisclosed liabilities; interest in properties and mineral rights; mineral reserves and resources; scientific and technical information; personal property; employment matters; absence of certain changes or events; litigation; indigenous claims; community relations; no expropriation; taxes; insurance; non-arm's length transactions; employee benefit plans; environmental matters; material contracts; standstill agreements; whistleblower reporting; restrictions on business activities; brokers; corrupt practices legislation; sanctions; modern slavery laws; bankruptcy; and privacy and security.

In addition to the foregoing representations and warranties, New Gold has provided additional representations and warranties to Coeur and Canadian Sub with respect to auditors; intellectual property; and books and records, and Coeur and Canadian Sub have provided additional representations and warranties to New Gold with respect to the Investment Canada Act (Canada), no impediments under existing indebtedness and the absence of applicable anti-takeover statutes.

Covenants

Covenants Relating to the Arrangement

The Arrangement Agreement contains customary negative and affirmative covenants of New Gold and Coeur. Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, each of New Gold and Coeur has covenanted that it shall and shall cause its subsidiaries to perform all obligations required to be performed by the party or any of its subsidiaries under the Arrangement Agreement, cooperate with the other party in connection with the Arrangement Agreement, and do all such other acts and things as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated in the Arrangement Agreement, including, among other things: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to effect all necessary registrations, filings and submissions of information required by governmental entities; (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to defend all lawsuits or other legal, regulatory or other proceedings against itself challenging or affecting the Arrangement Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy all conditions precedent to the Arrangement Agreement and take all steps set forth in the Interim Order and the Final Order applicable to it and comply promptly with all requirements imposed by law on it or its subsidiaries with respect to the Arrangement Agreement or the Arrangement; (d) use its commercially reasonable efforts to carry out all actions necessary to ensure the availability of the exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws; (e) not take any action, or refrain from taking any commercially reasonable action, or permit any action to be taken or not taken, which is inconsistent with the Arrangement Agreement or which would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or otherwise impede the consummation of the Arrangement or the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement; (f) cooperate in the preparation and filing, on the Effective Date, of an election pursuant to subparagraph (c)(i) of the definition of "public corporation" contained in subsection 89(1) of the Tax Act such that New Gold ceases to be a "public corporation" for the purposes of the Tax Act; and (g) promptly notify the other party of (i) any material adverse effect, or any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect (ii) any notice or other communication from any person alleging that a consent (or waiver, permit, exemption, order, approval, agreement, amendment or confirmation) of such person (or another person) is required in connection with the Arrangement Agreement or the Arrangement, or (iii) any material proceedings commenced or, to the knowledge of Coeur or New Gold, as applicable, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting Coeur or New Gold or any of their respective subsidiaries, as applicable, in connection with the Arrangement Agreement or the Arrangement. New Gold has covenanted to give Coeur a reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any substantive shareholder litigation against

TABLE OF CONTENTS

New Gold or its directors or officers relating to the Arrangement, and no such settlement (to the extent a material monetary amount is involved) shall be agreed to without the prior written consent of Coeur, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Covenants relating to General Conduct of Business

The Arrangement Agreement also contains customary covenants of New Gold and Coeur pertaining to the conduct of their respective businesses, including with respect to, among other things, corporate matters, issuing shares or other equity, distributions, dispositions and acquisitions, capital expenditures, preservation of mineral rights and properties and indebtedness, and in the case of New Gold, employment and compensation arrangements, material contracts, maintenance of insurance policies and taxes.

Covenants Specific to New Gold

New Gold has covenanted in the Arrangement Agreement to: (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the New Gold Common Shares to be delisted from the TSX and the NYSE American following the Effective Time; (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain resignations of all directors of New Gold and its subsidiaries and separation agreements of each member of senior management who will be terminated by New Gold as of the Effective Time, as requested by Coeur and on terms and conditions acceptable to New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably; (iii) effect certain reorganizations of New Gold's or its subsidiaries' business, operations and assets or such other transactions, as requested by Coeur subject to the conditions in the Arrangement Agreement; and (iv) provide Coeur with access to data and information as Coeur may reasonably request, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

Covenants Specific to Coeur

Coeur has undertaken covenants in the Arrangement Agreement to: (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Consideration Shares will be, at the Effective Time, registered or qualified under applicable U.S. state securities laws, or exempt from such registration and qualification requirements; (ii) apply for, and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, approval of the listing for trading of the shares of Coeur Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Arrangement on the TSX and the NYSE by the Effective Time; (iii) file the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of the State of Delaware prior to the Effective Time; (iv) provide compensation and benefits to certain New Gold employees (described further below under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Certain Employee Matters"); and (v) take all actions necessary to ensure that, promptly following the Effective Time, the New Gold director nominees will be appointed to the Coeur board of directors and at the next annual general meeting of Coeur held to consider the election of directors that occurs following the Effective Date, the New Gold director nominees will be nominated by Coeur for election as a director of Coeur, provided that (A) the New Gold director nominees meet applicable qualification requirements under applicable laws, and (B) the New Gold director nominees have delivered to Coeur a consent to act as director of Coeur.

Other Covenants and Agreements

The Arrangement Agreement contains certain other covenants and agreements by both Coeur and New Gold, including covenants relating to:

• efforts to obtain applicable regulatory approvals required for completion of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement;

• efforts to mutually determine and implement any necessary, appropriate or desirable arrangements in respect of Coeur's and New Gold's and their respective subsidiaries' credit agreements, indentures or other documents governing or relating to indebtedness;

• cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in connection with public announcements and communications;

• cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in the preparation and filing of New Gold's circular and this Proxy Statement;

• cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in connection with Coeur's application for the listing of the shares of Coeur Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Arrangement on the NYSE prior to the Effective Time;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in connection with Coeur's application for the listing of Coeur Common Stock on the TSX by the Effective Time of the shares of Coeur Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Arrangement;

• cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in respect of applicable tax filings related to the Arrangement; and

• indemnification of directors and officers of New Gold and its subsidiaries in respect of claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or prior to the Effective Time (described further below under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Insurance Matters").

Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals

Non-Solicitation

Except as expressly provided in the Arrangement Agreement, each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed to not, and to cause each of its subsidiaries to not, and shall not authorize any of their respective representatives (including directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents, or other authorized representatives) to:

• solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or otherwise knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing or providing copies of, access to, or disclosure of, any confidential information, properties, facilities, books or records of a party or any of its subsidiaries) any inquiry, proposal, or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an acquisition proposal (as defined in the Arrangement Agreement) in respect of such party;

• engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person (other than the other party or its affiliates) in respect of any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an acquisition proposal, provided that either party may (a) advise any person of the restrictions of the Arrangement Agreement, (b) clarify the terms of any proposal in order to determine if it is or may reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal, and (c) advise any person making an acquisition proposal that the board of directors of such party has determined that such acquisition proposal does not constitute, or is not reasonably expected to result in, a superior proposal (as defined in respect of each party in the Arrangement Agreement); or

• (a) adopt, approve, publicly endorse or publicly recommend or publicly propose to adopt, approve, endorse or recommend, any acquisition proposal, (b) withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, or otherwise publicly propose to withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, in a manner adverse to the other party, the party's board recommendation in respect of the Arrangement, (c) if an acquisition proposal has been publicly disclosed, fail to publicly recommend against any such acquisition proposal within ten business days after the other party's written request to do so (or subsequently withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify (or publicly propose to do so), in a manner adverse to the other party, such rejection of such acquisition proposal) and reaffirm the board recommendation in respect of the Arrangement within such ten business day period (or, with respect to any acquisition proposals or material amendments, revisions or changes to the terms of any such previously publicly disclosed acquisition proposal that are publicly disclosed within the last ten days prior to the then scheduled stockholder or shareholder meeting, as applicable, fail to take the actions referred to in this paragraph, with references to the applicable ten business day period being replaced with three business days), (d) fail to include the board recommendation in respect of the Arrangement in the circular or proxy statement, as applicable, (e) approve or authorize, or cause or permit the party or any subsidiary thereof to enter into, any merger agreement, acquisition agreement, reorganization agreement, letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or similar agreement or document relating to, or any other agreement or commitment providing for, any acquisition proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement entered into in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement), or (f) commit or agree to do any of the foregoing (a "Change in Recommendation").

Each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed to, and to cause its subsidiaries and its representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated, any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussion or negotiation with any person (other than the other party or its affiliates) with respect to any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an acquisition proposal and, in respect of such party, and, in connection therewith, such party has agreed to discontinue access to any of its and its subsidiaries' confidential

TABLE OF CONTENTS

information (and not establish or allow access to any of its confidential information, or any data room, virtual or otherwise, in each case, except as permitted by the Arrangement Agreement) and shall as promptly as reasonably practicable request, and use commercially reasonable efforts to exercise all rights it has (or cause its subsidiaries to exercise rights that they have) to require the return or destruction of all confidential information regarding itself and its subsidiaries provided in the preceding 12-month period in connection therewith (to the extent such information has not already been returned or destroyed and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that such requests are complied with in accordance with the terms of such rights). Each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed to not, and not authorize or permit any of its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, amend, modify or release any third party from any confidentiality, non-solicitation or standstill agreement (or standstill provisions contained in any such agreement) to which such third party is a party (it being understood that the automatic termination or release of any standstill provisions contained in any such agreements as a result of the entering into or announcement of the Arrangement Agreement shall not be a violation of the Arrangement Agreement, or terminate, modify, amend or waive the terms thereof).

Notification of Acquisition Proposals

Each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed that if it or any of its subsidiaries or representatives, receives (a) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an acquisition proposal, or (b) any request for non-public information relating to the party or any of its subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of the party or any subsidiary in connection with any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an acquisition proposal, then such party shall:

• promptly notify the other party orally and then as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (and, in any event, within 24 hours) in writing of such acquisition proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request; and

• indicate the identity of the person or group of persons making such proposal, inquiry or contact and all material terms and conditions thereof; and

• provide a copy of any such acquisition proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request and unredacted copies of all material written communications (and a summary of all substantive discussions) related thereto; and

• keep the other party promptly (and, in any event, within 24 hours) informed of the status, and any change to the material terms, of any such acquisition proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request.

Responding to an Acquisition Proposal

Notwithstanding the covenants described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" above, if prior to obtaining, in the case of Coeur, the requisite Coeur Stockholder Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, or in the case of New Gold , the requisite approval by the New Gold shareholders of the Arrangement resolution, either Coeur or New Gold receives a bona fide written acquisition proposal, such party may (x) engage in or participate in discussions and or negotiations with the person or group of persons making such acquisition proposal, and (y) provide such person or group of persons non-public information relating to such party or any of its subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of such party or any subsidiary, if and only if:

• the board of directors of such party determines, in good faith after consultation with its legal and financial advisors, that such acquisition proposal constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a superior proposal, and has provided the other party with written notice of such determination;

• the board of directors of such party determines, in good faith after consultation with its legal and financial advisors, that the failure to participate in such discussions or negotiations or to disclose such non-public information to such third party would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law;

• such acquisition proposal did not result from a breach of its non-solicitation covenants described above under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" in any material respect; and

• prior to providing any such copies, access or disclosures, (i) such party enters into a confidentiality agreement with such person, or confirms it has previously entered into such an agreement which remains in effect, in either case on terms not materially less stringent than the confidentiality agreement dated

TABLE OF CONTENTS

April 17, 2025, as further amended on September 25, 2025, between Coeur and New Gold, (ii) such party provides the other party with a true, complete and final executed copy of such confidentiality agreement, and (iii) any such copies, access or disclosure provided to such person shall have already been or shall concurrently be provided to the other party.

Superior Proposals and Right to Match

Coeur and New Gold have agreed that if, in the case of Coeur being the receiving party, prior to obtaining the Coeur Stockholder Approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal, or in the case of New Gold being the receiving party, prior to obtaining the New Gold Shareholder Approval of the Arrangement resolution, a party receives a bona fide written acquisition proposal that its board of directors (after consultation with its legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith constitutes a superior proposal, such receiving party's board of directors may make a Change in Recommendation to its stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, in respect of the Arrangement and/or enter into a definitive agreement with respect to such superior proposal if and only if:

• such acquisition proposal did not result from a breach of its non-solicitation covenants described above under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" in any material respect;

• prior to such receiving party's board of directors making a Change in Recommendation and/or such receiving party entering into a definitive agreement with respect to such superior proposal, such receiving party has provided the other party with notice in writing, which notice shall contain (a) a statement that the board of directors of the receiving party has determined such acquisition proposal constitutes a superior proposal, (b) the value in financial terms that the board of directors of the receiving party has determined should be ascribed to any non-cash consideration offered under such superior proposal, (c) a copy of any definitive agreement relating to such superior proposal, and (d) copies of any material financing documents provided to the receiving party in connection therewith (with customary redactions);

• at least five business days (the "Matching Period") have elapsed from the date that the other party received the notice from the receiving party in respect of the superior proposal;

• during the Matching Period, the other party shall have had the opportunity (but not the obligation) to amend the terms of the Arrangement in accordance with the terms as described below;

• after the Matching Period, the board of directors of the receiving party (after consultation with its legal and financial advisors) has determined in good faith that such acquisition proposal continues to constitute a superior proposal, compared to any proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement by the other party; and

• prior to or concurrently with entering into such definitive agreement in respect of the superior proposal, the receiving party shall have terminated the Arrangement Agreement and shall have paid to the other party the applicable termination payment as described below.

Coeur and New Gold acknowledge and agree that, during the Matching Period, (i) the other party shall have the opportunity, but not the obligation, to propose to amend the terms of the Arrangement, (ii) the receiving party shall negotiate in good faith with the other party regarding any amendments that the other party may propose to the terms of the Arrangement as would enable the receiving party to proceed with the Arrangement and any related transactions on such amended terms, and (iii) the board of directors of the receiving party shall review any proposal by the other party to amend the terms of the Arrangement in order to determine in good faith whether such proposal, if implemented in accordance with its terms, would result in the acquisition proposal previously constituting a superior proposal, ceasing to constitute a superior proposal, compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement. If the board of directors of the receiving party determines that such acquisition proposal would cease to constitute a superior proposal, as compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement, Coeur and New Gold will promptly amend the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement to reflect such proposed amendments.

The board of directors of the receiving party shall promptly reaffirm its recommendation in respect of the Arrangement by press release after: (i) any acquisition proposal which the board of directors of the receiving party determines not to constitute a superior proposal is publicly announced; or (ii) the board of directors of the receiving party determines that a proposed amendment to the terms of the Arrangement as described in the foregoing

TABLE OF CONTENTS

paragraph would result in any acquisition proposal which has been publicly announced no longer constituting a superior proposal. The other party and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the form and content of any such press release, recognizing that whether or not such comments are appropriate will be determined by the receiving party, acting reasonably.

Nothing in the Arrangement Agreement shall prevent the board of directors of the receiving party from: (a) calling and holding a meeting of New Gold shareholders requisitioned by the New Gold shareholders in accordance with the BCBCA, or calling and holding a meeting of Coeur stockholders requisitioned by the Coeur stockholders in accordance with Coeur's constating documents, as applicable; (b) calling and holding a meeting of Coeur stockholders or New Gold shareholders, as applicable, ordered to be held by a court in accordance with law; (c) in the case of New Gold, responding through a directors' circular or otherwise, as required by applicable securities laws, to an acquisition proposal that it determines is not a superior proposal; or (d) in the case of Coeur, (i) disclosing to the Coeur stockholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or other disclosure required to be made in a proxy statement by applicable laws, and (ii) making any "stop, look and listen" communication to the Coeur stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, or any similar statement in response to any publicly disclosed acquisition proposal; provided that any "stop, look and listen" statement, or any such similar statement also includes an express reaffirmation of Coeur's board of directors' recommendation in respect of the Stock Issuance Proposal and the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Each successive amendment or modification of any acquisition proposal that results in an increase in, or modification of, the consideration (or value of such consideration) to be received by the Coeur stockholders or New Gold shareholders, as applicable, or other material terms or conditions thereof, shall constitute a new acquisition proposal for the purposes of Coeur's and New Gold's obligations described under this section (except that the Matching Period in respect of any successive amendment or modification shall be two business days).

Certain Employee Matters

The Arrangement Agreement sets forth certain provisions relating to compensation and benefits of New Gold employees that generally apply following the Effective Time. From and after the Effective Time, Coeur shall cause New Gold and any successor to New Gold, to honor, satisfy, pay and fully comply in all material respects with the terms of all existing employment, consulting, indemnification, incentive and bonus, change in control, severance, notice, termination or other compensation arrangements and employment and severance obligations of New Gold and any of its subsidiaries that were entered into prior to the date of the Arrangement Agreement in the ordinary course or otherwise disclosed to Coeur.

Insurance Matters

Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold will purchase customary "tail" policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance providing protection no less favorable in the aggregate to the protection provided by the policies maintained by New Gold and its subsidiaries which are in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date and providing protection in respect of claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or prior to the Effective Date and Coeur will, or will cause New Gold and its subsidiaries to, maintain such tail policies in effect without any reduction in scope or coverage for six years from the Effective Date; provided that (i) Coeur will not be required to pay any amounts in respect of such coverage prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) the cost of such policy shall not exceed 400% of New Gold's current annual aggregate premium for policies currently maintained by New Gold or its subsidiaries, provided that if such insurance can only be obtained at a premium in excess of the aforementioned amount, New Gold may purchase such insurance at such excess premium only on commercially reasonable terms and market-based pricing following consultation in good faith with Coeur and with Coeur's consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

Coeur has also agreed to honor all rights to indemnification or exculpation existing in favor of present and former officers and directors of New Gold and its subsidiaries, which will survive the completion of the Arrangement and will continue in full force and effect for a period of not less than six years from the Effective Date.

Termination of the Arrangement Agreement

Termination by Either Party

The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time by the mutual written agreement of Coeur and New Gold, or by either New Gold or Coeur if:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(a)

Occurrence of Outside Date. The Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before May 15, 2026, provided, however, that if the Effective Time has not occurred by such date by reason of the Regulatory Approvals not having been obtained and all other conditions have theretofore been satisfied (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Effective Time, each of which is capable of being satisfied at the Effective Time) or (to the extent permitted by law) waived, the outside date will be extended to August 15, 2026; except that the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties under the Arrangement Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur by the outside date.

(b)

Enjoined. Any applicable law makes consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibited or enjoins the Coeur and New Gold from consummating the Arrangement and such applicable law, prohibition or enjoinment shall have become final and non-appealable; provided that the party seeking to terminate the Arrangement Agreement has used its commercially reasonable efforts to appeal or overturn such law or otherwise have it lifted or rendered non-applicable in respect of the Arrangement Agreement, and provided further that the enactment, making, enforcement or amendment of such law was not primarily due to the failure of such party to perform any of its covenants or agreements thereunder; or

(c)

Stockholder Approval. The Coeur stockholder approvals sought hereunder or the New Gold stockholder approval fail to be obtained; provided that the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties in any material respect under the Arrangement Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure to receive the applicable shareholder approval.

Termination by Coeur

The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time by Coeur if:

(a)

New Gold Change in Recommendation. The board of directors of New Gold makes a Change in Recommendation described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" above;

(b)

Material Breach of Non-Solicit. New Gold breaches its non-solicitation covenants described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" above in any material respect;

(c)

Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants. Subject to compliance with the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement, (i) a breach of any representation or warranty by New Gold, or (ii) failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of New Gold set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than the non-solicitation covenants described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" (above)), in each case, shall have occurred that would cause the mutual conditions precedent or additional conditions precedent to Coeur's and the Canadian Sub's obligations not to be satisfied, and (i) such breach or failure is incapable of being cured prior to the outside date, or (ii) if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by the time provided in the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement; provided that Coeur is not then in breach of the Arrangement Agreement so as to cause any mutual condition precedent or additional conditions precedent to New Gold's obligations not to be satisfied; or

(d)

Coeur Superior Proposal. Prior to the receipt of stockholder approval, Coeur wishes to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement); provided that Coeur is then in compliance with the covenants relating to non-solicitation and acquisition proposals described above in all material respects and that, prior to or concurrently with such termination, Coeur pays the $413,705,000 termination payment described below.

The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time by New Gold if:

(a)

Coeur Change in Recommendation. The board of directors of Coeur makes a Change in Recommendation described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" above;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b)

Material Breach of Non-Solicit. Coeur breaches its non-solicitation covenants described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" above in any material respect;

(c)

Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants. Subject to compliance with the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement, (i) a breach of any representation or warranty by Coeur, or (ii) failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of Coeur set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than the non-solicitation covenants described under "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals-Non-Solicitation" (above)), in each case, shall have occurred that would cause the mutual conditions precedent or additional conditions precedent to New Gold's obligations not to be satisfied, and (i) such breach or failure is incapable of being cured prior to the outside date, or (ii) if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by the time provided in the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement; provided that New Gold is not then in breach of the Arrangement Agreement so as to cause any mutual condition precedent or additional conditions precedent to Coeur's obligations not to be satisfied; or

(d)

New Gold Superior Proposal. Prior to the receipt of New Gold Shareholder Approval, New Gold wishes to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement); provided that New Gold is then in compliance with the covenants relating to non-solicitation and acquisition proposals described above in all material respects and that, prior to or concurrently with such termination, New Gold pays the $254,725,000 termination payment described below.

Termination Payments

The Arrangement Agreement provides that (a) if a Coeur Termination Payment Event (as defined below) occurs, Coeur shall pay, as liquidated damages in consideration for the loss of New Gold's rights under the Arrangement Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, a termination payment in the amount of $413,705,000 to New Gold (the "Coeur Termination Payment"); and (b) if a New Gold Termination Payment Event (as defined below) occurs, New Gold shall pay, as liquidated damages in consideration for the loss of Coeur's rights under the Arrangement Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, a termination payment in the amount of $254,725,000 to Coeur (the "New Gold Termination Payment").

A "New Gold Termination Payment Event" means the termination of the Arrangement Agreement:

• by Coeur upon the circumstances described in the paragraph "New Gold Change in Recommendation" or "New Gold Material Breach of Non-Solicit." under the heading "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Coeur" above;

• by New Gold upon circumstances described in the paragraph "New Gold Superior Proposal" under the heading "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by New Gold " above; or

• by either party upon circumstances described in the paragraphs "Occurrence of Outside Date" or "Failure to Obtain New Gold Shareholder Approval" under the heading "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Either Party" above, or by Coeur upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants" under the heading "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Coeur" above, but, in each case, only if:

?

prior to such termination, a bona fide acquisition proposal in respect of New Gold shall have been made to New Gold and publicly announced by any person making the acquisition proposal (other than Coeur or its affiliates),

?

such acquisition proposal has not expired or been withdrawn at least five business days prior to the New Gold Shareholder Meeting, and

?

within 12 months following the date of such termination, either (1) New Gold or one or more of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of an acquisition proposal other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement (whether or not such acquisition

TABLE OF CONTENTS

proposal is the same acquisition proposal referred to above) and such acquisition proposal is subsequently consummated (whether or not within such 12-month period), or (2) an acquisition proposal (whether or not such acquisition proposal is the same acquisition proposal referred to above) is consummated.

A "Coeur Termination Payment Event" means the termination of the Arrangement Agreement:

• by New Gold upon the circumstances described in the paragraphs "Coeur Change in Recommendation" or "Material Breach of Non-Solicit" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Merger-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement" above;

• by Coeur upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Coeur Superior Proposal" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Merger-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Coeur" above; or

• by either party upon circumstances described in the paragraphs "Occurrence of Outside Date" or "Failure to Obtain Coeur Stockholder Approval" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Merger-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Either Party" above, or New Gold upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by New Gold", but, in each case, only if:

?

prior to such termination, a bona fide acquisition proposal shall have been made to Coeur and publicly announced by any person making the acquisition proposal (other than New Gold or its affiliates),

?

such acquisition proposal has not expired or been withdrawn at least five business days prior to the Coeur stockholder meeting, and

?

within 12 months following the date of such termination, either (1) Coeur or one or more of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of an acquisition proposal other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement (whether or not such acquisition proposal is the same acquisition proposal referred to above) and such acquisition proposal is subsequently consummated (whether or not within such 12-month period), or (2) an acquisition proposal (whether or not such acquisition proposal is the same acquisition proposal referred to above) is consummated.

For purposes of the New Gold Termination Payment Event and the Coeur Termination Payment Event referred to above, the term "acquisition proposal" has the meaning assigned to that term in the Arrangement Agreement, except that references to "20%" are deemed to be references to "50%."

Expense Reimbursement Fees Payable by New Gold

In the event that the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by either Coeur or New Gold upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Failure to Obtain New Gold Securityholder Approval" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Either Party" above, and New Gold's board of directors has not made a Change in Recommendation, New Gold will reimburse Coeur for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by Coeur's third-party representatives in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of $33,965,000. However, if New Gold is required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment to Coeur due to a New Gold Termination Payment Event occurring, New Gold will not be required to pay a reimbursement fee to Coeur. If a reimbursement fee has been paid in circumstances where the New Gold Termination Payment later becomes payable, the amount of the reimbursement fee will be credited against the applicable termination payment.

Expense Reimbursement Fees Payable by Coeur

In the event that the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by either Coeur or New Gold upon circumstances described in the paragraph "Failure to Obtain Coeur Securityholder Approval" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement-Termination of the Arrangement Agreement-Termination by Either Party" above, and the Coeur Board has not made a Change in Recommendation, Coeur will reimburse New Gold for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by New Gold's third-party representatives in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of $33,965,000. However, if Coeur is required to pay the Coeur Termination Payment due to a Coeur Termination Payment Event occurring, Coeur will not be required to pay the reimbursement fee

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to New Gold. If a reimbursement fee has been paid in circumstances where the Coeur Termination Payment later becomes payable, the amount of the reimbursement fee will be credited against the applicable termination payment.

Amendments

Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order, Final Order, the Plan of Arrangement and applicable laws, the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement may, at any time and from time to time before or after the holding of the New Gold Shareholder Meeting but not later than the Effective Time, be amended by mutual written agreement of the parties, without further notice to or authorization on the part of the New Gold shareholders, and any such amendment may, without limitation:

• change the time for performance of any of the obligations or acts of the parties;

• waive any inaccuracies or modify any representation or warranty contained therein or in any document delivered pursuant thereto;

• waive compliance with or modify any of the covenants therein contained and waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of the parties; and

• waive compliance with or modify any mutual conditions precedent therein contained.

In addition, pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement:

• Coeur and New Gold reserve the right to amend, modify or supplement the Plan of Arrangement at any time and from time to time, prior to the Effective Time, provided that each such amendment, modification or supplement must be (i) agreed to in writing by New Gold and Coeur, (ii) filed with the Court and, if made following the New Gold Shareholder Meeting, approved by the Court, and (iii) communicated to New Gold shareholders and the holders of New Gold incentive awards if and as required by the Court.

• Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order, any amendment, modification or supplement to the Plan of Arrangement may be proposed by Coeur and New Gold at any time prior to the New Gold Shareholder Meeting (provided, however, that Coeur and New Gold shall have consented thereto in writing), with or without any other prior notice or communication, and, if so proposed and accepted by the persons voting at the New Gold Shareholder Meeting (other than as may be required under the Interim Order), shall become part of the Plan of Arrangement for all purposes.

• Any amendment, modification or supplement to the Plan of Arrangement that is approved or directed by the Court following the New Gold Shareholder Meeting shall be effective only if: (i) it is consented to in writing by each of Coeur and New Gold (each acting reasonably); and (ii) if required by the Court, it is consented to by the New Gold shareholders voting in the manner directed by the Court.

• Any amendment, modification or supplement to the Plan of Arrangement may be made by New Gold and Coeur without the approval of or communication to the Court or the New Gold shareholders, provided that it concerns a matter which, in the reasonable opinion of New Gold and Coeur, is of an administrative or ministerial nature required to better give effect to the implementation of the Plan of Arrangement and is not adverse to the financial or economic interests of any of the New Gold shareholders or holders of New Gold incentive awards.

• The Plan of Arrangement may be withdrawn prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement.

Governing Law

The Arrangement Agreement is governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.

Specific Performance

In addition to any other remedy that may be available to each party under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, a non-breaching party will be entitled, without the requirement of posting a bond or other security, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief or specific performance, and the parties shall not object to the granting of injunctive or other equitable relief on the basis that there exists an adequate remedy at law.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL NO. 1 - THE CHARTER AMENDMENT PROPOSAL

The Coeur Board has unanimously adopted a resolution authorizing, approving, declaring advisable and recommending to Coeur stockholders for their approval the Charter Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock from 900,000,000 shares to 1,300,000,000 shares.

The Coeur Certificate of Incorporation currently authorizes 900,000,000 shares of Coeur Common Stock. The Coeur Board believes that the increased number of authorized shares of Coeur Common Stock contemplated by the Charter Amendment is required to issue the Consideration Shares required under the Arrangement as well as to have available for issuance from time to time, without further action or authorization by Coeur stockholders (except as required by applicable law or the NYSE rules), if needed for such corporate purposes as may be determined by the Coeur Board. The additional shares of Coeur Common Stock authorized would be part of the existing class of Coeur Common Stock and, if issued, would have the same rights and privileges as the shares of Coeur Common Stock presently issued and outstanding.

As of December 8, 2025, Coeur had an aggregate of 642.11 million shares of Coeur Common Stock issued and outstanding. Upon the consummation of the Arrangement, Coeur anticipates issuing up to 392.60 million shares of Coeur Common Stock, resulting in a requirement that at least 1.03 billion shares of Coeur Common Stock be issued and outstanding. Coeur currently has only 900 million shares of Coeur Common Stock authorized for issuance, which the Coeur Board believes is not sufficient to complete the Arrangement.

In addition, the Coeur Board believes that an additional 265.28 million shares of Coeur Common Stock should be authorized for issuance in order to enable Coeur as well as the combined company to raise equity and honor its past commitments to several counterparties to issue equity. The Coeur Board also desires to increase the number of shares available for issuance in order to provide the combined company with the ability to consummate the Arrangement and flexibility for business and financial purposes. The additional shares, after completion of the Arrangement, may be used for various purposes without further stockholder approval. These purposes may include: (1) raising capital, if Coeur has an appropriate opportunity, through offerings of shares of Coeur Common Stock or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Coeur Common Stock; (2) exchanges of Coeur Common Stock or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Coeur Common Stock for other outstanding securities; (3) providing equity incentives to employees, officers, directors, consultants or advisors; (4) expanding Coeur's business through the acquisition of other businesses or assets; (5) stock splits, dividends, and similar transactions; and (6) other purposes.

In the event the Charter Amendment Proposal is approved by Coeur stockholders but the Arrangement Agreement is terminated (without the Arrangement being completed), Coeur will not adopt the Charter Amendment.

Required Vote

Assuming the presence of a quorum, approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal requires the number of shares voted FOR the Charter Amendment Proposal to exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST the Charter Amendment Proposal. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Charter Amendment Proposal.

Board Recommendation

The Coeur board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" this charter amendment proposal.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL NO. 2 - THE STOCK ISSUANCE PROPOSAL

The Coeur Board has unanimously adopted a resolution authorizing, approving, declaring advisable and recommending to Coeur stockholders for their approval the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders in connection with the Arrangement.

Section 312.03(c) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual sets out that shareholder approval is required prior to the issuance of common stock, or of securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in any transaction or series of related transactions if: (i) the common stock has, or will have upon issuance, voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance of such stock or of securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock; or (ii) the number of shares of common stock to be issued is, or will be upon issuance, equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the issuance of the common stock or of securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock. The number of shares of Coeur Common Stock to be issued to New Gold shareholders as consideration for the Arrangement will exceed 20% of the number of shares of Coeur Common Stock outstanding before the issuance. Therefore, NYSE Listed Company Section 312.03(c) requires stockholder approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal.

Approximately 392.60 million shares of Coeur Common Stock will be issued to New Gold shareholders in the Arrangement (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement). Immediately after the completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that Coeur's existing stockholders will own approximately 62% and New Gold's former shareholders will own approximately 38% of the combined company (based on the number of New Gold and Coeur securities outstanding as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement). In the event the Stock Issuance Proposal is approved by Coeur stockholders but the Arrangement Agreement is terminated (without the Arrangement being completed) prior to the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur will not issue any shares of Coeur Common Stock as a result of the approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal.

Approval by Coeur stockholders of the issuance of shares of Coeur Common Stock to New Gold shareholders is a condition to the Closing and is necessary for Coeur to issue the common stock to New Gold at the Closing. Accordingly, if this Proposal No. 2 - The Stock Issuance Proposal is not approved at the special meeting, a condition to the Closing will not be satisfied and the Arrangement will not be completed.

Required Vote

Assuming the presence of a quorum, approval of the Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (online) or represented by proxy at the special meeting. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted FOR the Stock Issuance Proposal must exceed the number of votes cast AGAINST the Stock Issuance Proposal. Except with respect to determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting, the failure of a Coeur stockholder to submit a proxy or vote at the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Stock Issuance Proposal.

The Stock Issuance Proposal is not conditioned on the approval of any other proposals at the special meeting.

Board Recommendation

The Coeur board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" this stock issuance proposal.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Proposals of stockholders intended to be submitted and presented at the 2026 annual stockholders' meeting (the "2026 Annual Meeting") pursuant to the SEC Rule 14a-8 must be received by our Corporate Secretary, Coeur Mining, Inc., 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, IL 60606, no later than the close of business on December 3, 2025 in order for them to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting.

A stockholder wishing to submit a proposal, including a director nomination, to be voted on at the 2026 Annual Meeting under the advance notice provisions included in our Coeur Bylaws for our 2026 Annual Meeting, must deliver notice of such proposal or director nomination as applicable, including the information specified in the Coeur Bylaws, to our Corporate Secretary at the address indicated above no earlier than the close of business on January 13, 2026 and no later than the close of business on February 12, 2026. If the 2026 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after the anniversary date of the 2025 annual stockholders' meeting (the "2025 Annual Meeting"), such notice must be delivered to us no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the meeting or the 10th day following the date on which public announcement of such meeting is first made. In addition, the deadline for providing notice to Coeur under Rule 14a-19, the SEC's universal proxy rule, of a stockholder's intent to solicit proxies in support of nominees submitted under Coeur's advance notice bylaws is February 12, 2026, in addition to complying with all applicable requirements under our Coeur Bylaws.

Our Coeur Bylaws permit a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, who continuously own at least 3% or more of our outstanding common stock for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials directors constituting up to the greater of two or 20% of board seats, if the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) meet the requirements included in our Coeur Bylaws. Notice of director nominations submitted under these proxy access by-law provisions must be delivered to our Corporate Secretary at the address indicated above no earlier than the close of business on December 3, 2025 and no later than the close of business on January 2, 2026. If the 2026 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after the anniversary date of the 2025 Annual Meeting, such notice must be delivered to us no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the meeting or the 10th day following the date on which public announcement of such meeting is first made.

Failure to comply with the advance notice requirements will permit management to use its discretionary voting authority if and when the proposal is raised at the 2026 Annual Meeting without having had a discussion of the proposal in the proxy statement. For purposes of the above-mentioned deadlines, "close of business" shall mean 6:00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of Coeur on any calendar day, whether or not the day is a business day.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

OTHER MATTERS

Other Matters For Action at the Special Meeting

As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Coeur Board knows of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the special meeting other than as described in this Proxy Statement.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Where Stockholders Can Find More Information About Coeur

Coeur files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Coeur's SEC filings are available to the public on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or on Coeur's website at www.coeur.com. Unless otherwise provided below, the information provided in Coeur's SEC filings (or available on Coeur's website) is not part of this Proxy Statement and is not incorporated by reference.

The SEC allows Coeur to incorporate by reference into this Proxy Statement documents it files with the SEC. This means that, if you are a Coeur stockholder, Coeur can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents.

The information filed by Coeur and incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this document. Statements contained in this document, or in any document incorporated in this document by reference, regarding the contents of any contract or other document are not necessarily complete and each such statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such contract or other document filed as an exhibit with the SEC. Coeur incorporates by reference the documents listed below (other than documents or information "furnished" to and not "filed" with the SEC) after the date of this Proxy Statement and before the date of the special meeting:

• Coeur's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2025;

• The information contained in Coeur's definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 2, 2025, and incorporated into Part IV of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

• The description of the Coeur securities set forth in Exhibit 4.1 of Coeur's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2025, including any amendment or report filed for the purposes of updating such description.

• Coeur's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2025 and October 29, 2025; and

• Coeur's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2025 (excluding any information furnished under Item 2.02 or 7.01 on any Current Report on Form 8-K).

Coeur undertakes to provide without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Proxy Statement has been delivered, upon written or oral request, by first class mail or other equally prompt means, within one business day of receipt of the request, a copy of any and all of the information that has been incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement, other than the exhibits to the information that is incorporated by reference, unless the exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into the information that this Proxy Statement incorporates.

Requests for copies of Coeur filings should be directed to the Corporate Secretary at Coeur Mining, Inc. at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606 or by telephone at (312) 489-5800.

Document requests from Coeur should be made by January 20, 2026, which is 5 business days prior to the date of the special meeting, in order to receive them before the special meeting. Requests for documents should be directed to the Corporate Secretary at Coeur Mining, Inc. at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606.

Stockholders should not rely on information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement. Coeur has not authorized anyone to provide information that is different from that contained in this Proxy Statement. This Proxy Statement is dated December 22, 2025. No assumption should be made that the information contained in this Proxy Statement is accurate as of any date other than that date, and the mailing of this Proxy Statement will not create any implication to the contrary.

Coeur also incorporates by reference any future filings made with the SEC by Coeur pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and prior to the Special Meetings. Information in such future filings updates

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and supplements the information provided in this Proxy Statement. Any statements in any such future filings will automatically be deemed to modify and supersede any information in any document that Coeur previously filed with the SEC that is incorporated or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference to the extent that statements in the later filed document modify or replace such earlier statements.

We are also incorporating by reference additional documents that we file with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date of this Proxy Statement and the date of the Special Meeting (other than, in each case, documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in connection with SEC rules). These documents include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as well as Current Reports on Form 8-K and proxy soliciting materials. The information provided on Coeur's website is not part of this Proxy Statement and therefore is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. We also incorporate by reference the Arrangement Agreement attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex A, the Charter Amendment attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex B, the Form of Coeur and New Gold Voting Agreements attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex C, the opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp. attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex D and the opinion of RBC Capital Markets, LLC attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex E.

The SEC allows Coeur to "incorporate by reference" information into this Proxy Statement. This means that Coeur can disclose important information by referring to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Proxy Statement. This Proxy Statement may update and supersede the information incorporated by reference. Similarly, the information that Coeur later files with the SEC may update and supersede the information in this Proxy Statement.

If you would like additional copies of this Proxy Statement, without charge, or if you have questions about the Arrangement, including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

7 Penn Plaza, Suite 503

New York, NY 10001

(212) 929-5500

(800) 322-2885 (toll free)

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

Where Stockholders Can Find More Information About New Gold

New Gold files reports with and furnishes other information to the SEC. Under the multi-jurisdictional disclosure system adopted by the United States, these reports and other information (including financial information) may be prepared, in part, in accordance with the disclosure requirements of Canadian securities laws, which differ from those in the United States. New Gold's SEC filings are available to the public at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or at New Gold's website at www.newgold.com. Unless otherwise provided below, the information provided in New Gold's SEC filings (or available on New Gold's website) is not part of this Proxy Statement and is not incorporated by reference.

The SEC allows Coeur to incorporate by reference into this Proxy Statement documents New Gold files with the SEC. This means that, if you are a Coeur stockholder, Coeur can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents.

The information filed by New Gold and incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this document. Statements contained in this document, or in any document incorporated in this document by reference, regarding the contents of any contract or other document are not necessarily complete and each such statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such contract or other document filed as an exhibit with the SEC. The documents listed below (other than documents or information "furnished" to and not "filed" with the SEC) after the date of this Proxy Statement and before the date of the special meeting are incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement:

• New Gold's Annual Report on Form 40-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2025; and

• New Gold's Current Reports on Form 6-K furnished to, or filed with, the SEC on January 13, 2025,February 3, 2025, February 13, 2025, February 19, 2025, February 20, 2025, February 21, 2025, March 4, 2025, March 12, 2025, March 14, 2025, March 20, 2025, April 1, 2025, April 3, 2025, April 7, 2025, April 17, 2025, April 30, 2025, May 2, 2025, May 7, 2025, June 4, 2025, June 11, 2025, July 7, 2025, July 28, 2025, August 18, 2025, September 8, 2025, September 9, 2025, October 9, 2025, October 28, 2025, October 29, 2025 and November 3, 2025.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex A

Execution Copy

ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT

AMONG

COEUR MINING, INC.

AND

NEW GOLD INC.

AND

1561611 B.C. LTD.

November 2, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                                        ? ? ?    ? ? ?                                                                      ? ? ?
                                                                         ? ?      ? ?                                                                        ? ? Page
ARTICLE 1 INTERPRETATION                                                 ? ? A-2
                                                                         ? ? 1.1  ? ? Definitions                                                            ? ? A-2
                                                                         ? ? 1.2  ? ? Interpretation Not Affected by Headings                                ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.3  ? ? Number and Gender                                                      ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.4  ? ? Calculation of Time                                                    ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.5  ? ? Date for Any Action                                                    ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.6  ? ? Currency                                                               ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.7  ? ? Accounting Matters                                                     ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.8  ? ? Statutory References                                                   ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.9  ? ? Knowledge                                                              ? ? A-18
                                                                         ? ? 1.10 ? ? Company Disclosure Letter                                              ? ? A-19
                                                                         ? ? 1.11 ? ? Parent Disclosure Letter                                               ? ? A-19
                                                                         ? ? 1.12 ? ? Schedules                                                              ? ? A-19
                                                                         ? ?      ? ?                                                                        ? ?  
ARTICLE 2 THE ARRANGEMENT                                                ? ? A-19
                                                                         ? ? 2.1  ? ? Arrangement                                                            ? ? A-19
                                                                         ? ? 2.2  ? ? Approvals                                                              ? ? A-19
                                                                         ? ? 2.3  ? ? Interim Order                                                          ? ? A-20
                                                                         ? ? 2.4  ? ? Company Meeting                                                        ? ? A-21
                                                                         ? ? 2.5  ? ? Parent Meeting                                                         ? ? A-22
                                                                         ? ? 2.6  ? ? Preparation of Company Circular and the Parent Proxy Statement         ? ? A-23
                                                                         ? ? 2.7  ? ? Final Order                                                            ? ? A-26
                                                                         ? ? 2.8  ? ? Court Proceedings                                                      ? ? A-26
                                                                         ? ? 2.9  ? ? U.S. Securities Law Matters                                            ? ? A-26
                                                                         ? ? 2.10 ? ? Treatment of Company Incentive Awards                                  ? ? A-27
                                                                         ? ? 2.11 ? ? Effective Date                                                         ? ? A-28
                                                                         ? ? 2.12 ? ? Payment of Consideration                                               ? ? A-29
                                                                         ? ? 2.13 ? ? Announcement and Shareholder Communications                            ? ? A-29
                                                                         ? ? 2.14 ? ? Withholding Taxes                                                      ? ? A-29
                                                                         ? ? 2.15 ? ? U.S. Tax Matters                                                       ? ? A-30
                                                                         ? ? 2.16 ? ? List of Shareholders                                                   ? ? A-30
                                                                         ? ? 2.17 ? ? Governance                                                             ? ? A-30
                                                                         ? ?      ? ?                                                                        ? ?  
ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY                  ? ? A-30
                                                                         ? ? 3.1  ? ? Representations and Warranties                                         ? ? A-30
                                                                         ? ? 3.2  ? ? Survival of Representations and Warranties                             ? ? A-50
                                                                         ? ?      ? ?                                                                        ? ?  
ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT AND THE PURCHASER ? ? A-50
                                                                         ? ? 4.1  ? ? Representations and Warranties                                         ? ? A-50
                                                                         ? ? 4.2  ? ? Survival of Representations and Warranties                             ? ? A-68
                                                                         ? ?      ? ?                                                                        ? ?  
ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS                                                      ? ? A-68
                                                                         ? ? 5.1  ? ? Covenants of the Company Regarding the Conduct of Business             ? ? A-68
                                                                         ? ? 5.2  ? ? Covenants of the Company Relating to the Arrangement                   ? ? A-72
                                                                         ? ? 5.3  ? ? Covenants of the Company Regarding the TSX and NYSE American Delisting ? ? A-73
                                                                         ? ? 5.4  ? ? Covenants of the Parent Regarding the Conduct of Business              ? ? A-73
                                                                         ? ? 5.5  ? ? Covenants Relating to the Consideration Shares                         ? ? A-75
                                                                         ? ? 5.6  ? ? Covenants Relating to TSX Listing                                      ? ? A-75
                                                                         ? ? 5.7  ? ? Covenants of the Parent Regarding Blue-Sky Laws                        ? ? A-75
                                                                         ? ? 5.8  ? ? Covenants of the Parent Relating to the Arrangement                    ? ? A-75
                                                                         ? ? 5.9  ? ? Indebtedness                                                           ? ? A-76
                                                                         ? ? 5.10 ? ? Regulatory Approvals                                                   ? ? A-76
                                                                         ? ? 5.11 ? ? Resignations                                                           ? ? A-78
                                                                         ? ? 5.12 ? ? Employee Matters                                                       ? ? A-79
?                                                                        ? ? ?    ? ? ?                                                                      ? ? ?


A-i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?                                                                              ? ? ?     ? ? ?                                                                              ? ? ?
                                                                               ? ?       ? ?                                                                                ? ? Page
                                                                               ? ? 5.13  ? ? Pre-Acquisition Reorganization                                                 ? ? A-80
                                                                               ? ? 5.14  ? ? Filings                                                                        ? ? A-81
                                                                               ? ? 5.15  ? ? Access to Information; Confidentiality                                         ? ? A-81
                                                                               ? ? 5.16  ? ? Insurance and Indemnification                                                  ? ? A-81
                                                                               ? ? 5.17  ? ? Parent Charter Amendment                                                       ? ? A-82
                                                                               ? ?       ? ?                                                                                ? ?  
ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS                                                           ? ? A-82
                                                                               ? ? 6.1   ? ? Mutual Conditions Precedent                                                    ? ? A-82
                                                                               ? ? 6.2   ? ? Additional Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Parent and Purchaser ? ? A-83
                                                                               ? ? 6.3   ? ? Additional Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company              ? ? A-84
                                                                               ? ? 6.4   ? ? Satisfaction of Conditions                                                     ? ? A-84
                                                                               ? ?       ? ?                                                                                ? ?  
ARTICLE 7 ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS OF THE COMPANY REGARDING ACQUISITION PROPOSALS ? ? A-85
                                                                               ? ? 7.1   ? ? Non-Solicitation by the Company                                                ? ? A-85
                                                                               ? ? 7.2   ? ? Notification of Acquisition Proposals                                          ? ? A-86
                                                                               ? ? 7.3   ? ? Responding to Acquisition Proposals                                            ? ? A-86
                                                                               ? ? 7.4   ? ? Superior Proposals and Right to Match                                          ? ? A-87
                                                                               ? ?       ? ?                                                                                ? ?  
ARTICLE 8 ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARENT REGARDING ACQUISITION PROPOSALS  ? ? A-88
                                                                               ? ? 8.1   ? ? Non-Solicitation by the Parent                                                 ? ? A-88
                                                                               ? ? 8.2   ? ? Notification of Acquisition Proposals                                          ? ? A-89
                                                                               ? ? 8.3   ? ? Responding to Acquisition Proposals                                            ? ? A-89
                                                                               ? ? 8.4   ? ? Superior Proposals and Right to Match                                          ? ? A-90
                                                                               ? ?       ? ?                                                                                ? ?  
ARTICLE 9 TERM, TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER                              ? ? A-91
                                                                               ? ? 9.1   ? ? Term                                                                           ? ? A-91
                                                                               ? ? 9.2   ? ? Termination                                                                    ? ? A-91
                                                                               ? ? 9.3   ? ? Notice and Cure                                                                ? ? A-93
                                                                               ? ? 9.4   ? ? Termination Payments                                                           ? ? A-94
                                                                               ? ? 9.5   ? ? Amendment                                                                      ? ? A-96
                                                                               ? ? 9.6   ? ? Waiver                                                                         ? ? A-97
                                                                               ? ?       ? ?                                                                                ? ?  
ARTICLE 10 GENERAL PROVISIONS                                                  ? ? A-97
                                                                               ? ? 10.1  ? ? Privacy                                                                        ? ? A-97
                                                                               ? ? 10.2  ? ? Notices                                                                        ? ? A-97
                                                                               ? ? 10.3  ? ? Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial                                            ? ? A-98
                                                                               ? ? 10.4  ? ? Injunctive Relief                                                              ? ? A-98
                                                                               ? ? 10.5  ? ? Entire Agreement, Binding Effect                                               ? ? A-99
                                                                               ? ? 10.6  ? ? No Liability                                                                   ? ? A-99
                                                                               ? ? 10.7  ? ? Further Assurances                                                             ? ? A-99
                                                                               ? ? 10.8  ? ? Assignment and Enurement                                                       ? ? A-99
                                                                               ? ? 10.9  ? ? Severability                                                                   ? ? A-99
                                                                               ? ? 10.10 ? ? No Third Party Beneficiaries                                                   ? ? A-99
                                                                               ? ? 10.11 ? ? Counterparts, Execution                                                        ? ? A-100
?                                                                              ? ? ?     ? ? ?                                                                              ? ? ?


Schedules:

?          ? ? ? ? ? ?                                      ? ? ?
Schedule A ? ? - ? ? Plan of Arrangement                    ? ?  
Schedule B ? ? - ? ? Arrangement Resolution                 ? ?  
Schedule C ? ? - ? ? Form of Parent Charter Amendment       ? ?  
Schedule D ? ? - ? ? Form of Resignation and Mutual Release ? ?  
Schedule E ? ? - ? ? Form of Company Voting Agreement       ? ?  
Schedule F ? ? - ? ? Form of Parent Voting Agreement        ? ?  
?          ? ? ? ? ? ?                                      ? ? ?


A-ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT

THIS ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT dated November 2, 2025, BY AND AMONG:

COEUR MINING, INC., a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Parent"),

- and -

1561611 B.C. LTD., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia ("Purchaser"),

- and -

NEW GOLD INC., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the "Company").

RECITALS:

A.

The Parent and the Purchaser desire to acquire all of the outstanding Company Shares pursuant to the Arrangement as provided in this Agreement.

B.

The Parties intend to carry out the transactions contemplated herein by way of a plan of arrangement under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia).

C.

The Special Committee, after receiving financial and legal advice and the Company Fairness Opinions, has unanimously determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Company Shareholders and in the best interests of the Company and recommended to the Company Board that the Company Board (a) approve this Agreement and the Arrangement, and (b) recommend that the Company Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution.

D.

The Company Board, after receiving financial and legal advice and the Company Fairness Opinions and upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, has unanimously (a) determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Company Shareholders and in the best interests of the Company, and (b) resolved to recommend that the Company Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution.

E.

The Parent Board, after evaluating the Arrangement, in consultation with Parent's management and legal and financial advisors, has unanimously (a) determined that the Arrangement is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of the Parent and the Parent Stockholders, (b) determined it advisable for the Parent Stockholders to approve an amendment to the certificate of incorporation of Parent, substantially in the form of Schedule C (the "Parent Charter Amendment") to effect an increase to the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent (the "Parent Shares"), and (c) resolved to recommend that the Parent Stockholders vote in favor of the Parent Charter Amendment and the issuance of the Parent Shares, pursuant to this Agreement as contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in, this Agreement (the "Parent Stock Issuance").

F.

The Purchaser Board has unanimously determined that the Arrangement is fair and reasonable to the sole shareholder of the Purchaser.

G.

The Parties intend that the issuance of the Consideration Shares be exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to section 3(a)(10) thereof.

H.

The Parent has received duly executed Company Voting Agreements from certain of the Company Shareholders, substantially in the form of Schedule E.

I.

The Company has received duly executed Parent Voting Agreements from certain of the Parent Stockholders, substantially in the form of Schedule F.

THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES THAT in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

A-1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 1

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

"Accelerated RSUs" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.10(e);

"Acquisition Proposal" means, in respect of a Party, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any offer, proposal or inquiry from any Person or group of Persons (other than the other Party or any affiliate of the other Party), whether written or oral, made after the date hereof, relating to: (a) any direct or indirect sale or disposition (or any joint venture, lease, license, long-term supply agreement, royalty agreement or other arrangement having the same economic effect as a sale or disposition), in a single transaction or series of related transactions, of (i) assets of such Party and or one or more of its Subsidiaries (including shares of Subsidiaries of such Party) that, individually or in the aggregate, (A) represent 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and measured by the fair market value thereof, or (B) contribute 20% or more of the consolidated revenue of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of such Party or 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of one or more Subsidiaries of such Party whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (in each case, determined based upon the most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements of such Party); (b) any direct or indirect take-over bid, tender offer, exchange offer, treasury issuance or other transaction that, if consummated, would result in such Person or group of Persons beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of such Party or 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of one or more Subsidiaries of such Party whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (determined based upon the most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements of such Party); or (c) a plan of arrangement, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, share exchange, share reclassification, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or other similar transaction involving such Party and/or any of its Subsidiaries that, if consummated, would result in such Person or group of Persons beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of such Party or 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of one or more Subsidiaries of such Party whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (determined based upon the most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements of such Party);

"Acts of Adoption of Full Ownership" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(w);

"affiliate" except where otherwise indicated, has the meaning ascribed thereto in NI 45-106, in force as of the date of this Agreement;

"Agreement" means this arrangement agreement, including all Schedules annexed hereto, together with the Company Disclosure Letter and Parent Disclosure Letter, in each case as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof;

"Arrangement" means the arrangement of the Company under the provisions of Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Plan of Arrangement, subject to any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement or made at the direction of the Court in the Final Order (with the prior written consent of both the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably);

A-2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Arrangement Resolution" means the special resolution of the Company Shareholders approving the Plan of Arrangement, which is to be considered and, if thought fit, passed at the Company Meeting, substantially in the form and content of Schedule B hereto;

"Authorization" means, with respect to any Person, any authorization, order, permit, approval, grant, agreement, licence, classification, restriction, registration, consent, order, right, notification, condition, franchise, privilege, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decision having the force of Law, of, from or required by any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over such Person;

"BCBCA" means the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia);

"business day" means any day, other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory or civic holiday in Mexico City, Mexico, New York, New York, Toronto, Ontario or Vancouver, British Columbia;

"Canadian Securities Authorities" means the Ontario Securities Commission and any other applicable securities commissions and securities regulatory authority of a province or territory of Canada;

"Canadian Securities Laws" means the Securities Act and any other applicable Canadian provincial or territorial securities Laws (including published policies thereunder);

"CNA" means the National Antitrust Commission (Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio) or any other governmental body that may assume its powers and responsibilities;

"CNA Approval" means the unconditional approval of the concentration consisting in the transactions contemplated in this Agreement issued by the CNA, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the Mexican Antitrust Law;

"Commissioner" means the Commissioner of Competition appointed under subsection 7(1) of the Competition Act and includes any Person duly authorized by the Commissioner to act on his behalf;

"Company" has the meaning ascribed thereto on the first page of this Agreement;

"Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(kk)(ii);

"Company Benefit Plans" means all employee benefit plans, including all welfare, health, dental, vision, prescription drug, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, emergency travel, life, short term disability, long term disability or other medical insurance, mortgage insurance, employee loan, employee assistance, supplemental unemployment benefit, post-employment benefit, post-retirement benefit, bonus, profit sharing, option, incentive, performance, equity, equity-based, phantom, deferred compensation, severance, retention, stay bonus, paid time off, change of control, termination, pension, retirement, saving and supplemental retirement agreements, policies, programs, arrangements, schemes, practices or undertakings, whether funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, registered or unregistered, oral or written, which are maintained by or binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for which the Company or its Subsidiaries has any liability or contingent liability for the benefit of any current or former Company Employees or independent contractors (or, to the extent applicable, any spouses, dependents, survivors or beneficiaries of such persons) excluding any Multiemployer Plans or Statutory Plans;

"Company Board" means the board of directors of the Company as the same is constituted from time to time;

"Company Board Recommendation" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.2(a)(iii);

"Company Budget" means the latest quarterly forecast for 2025 and draft 2026 budget of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as attached as Schedule 1.1(a) to the Company Disclosure Letter (the "Draft 2026 Budget"); and once adopted, the Company's annual budget for 2026 (the "Final 2026 Budget"), provided that the Final 2026 Budget shall solely comprise (i) substantially similar expenditures to those contained in the Draft 2026 Budget (provided that the budget will be updated for customary year-end cutoff adjustments); and (ii) any additional commercially reasonable expenditures related to head office general and administrative costs that do not deviate by more than 10% from the same expenditures contained in the annual 2025 budget for the Company and its Subsidiaries;

"Company Change in Recommendation" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.1(a)(iii);

A-3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Company Circular" means the notice of the Company Meeting to be sent to the Company Shareholders, and accompanying management information circular, including all schedules, appendices and exhibits thereto and enclosures therewith, and information incorporated by reference therein, in connection with the Company Meeting, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement;

"Company Credit Agreement" means the fifth amended and restated credit agreement dated March 24, 2025 between, among others, the Company as borrower, The Bank of Nova Scotia and RBC Capital Markets (as co-lead arrangers and joint bookrunners), The Bank of Nova Scotia (as administrative agent), Royal Bank of Canada (as syndication agent), The Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (as co-documentation agents), and The Bank of Nova Scotia, Royal Bank of Canada, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Bank of Montreal, Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch, and National Bank of Canada (as lenders) and the lenders thereto from time to time;

"Company Director Nominees" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.17;

"Company Disclosure Letter" means the disclosure letter dated the date of this Agreement (including all schedules, exhibits and appendices thereto) and executed by the Company and delivered to the Parent prior to or concurrently with the execution of this Agreement;

"Company DSU Plan" means the deferred share unit plan of the Company effective May 6, 2010, as amended;

"Company DSUs" means the outstanding deferred share units granted under the Company DSU Plan;

"Company Employees" means all individuals who are employed as officers or employees by the Company and its Subsidiaries, including unionized, non-unionized, part-time, full-time, active and inactive employees, and any officers who provide services to the Company as consultants;

"Company Equity Incentive Plans" means, collectively, the Company LTIP, the Company Option Plan and the Company DSU Plan;

"Company Fairness Opinions" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.2(a)(i);

"Company Financial Advisors" means, collectively, National Bank Financial Inc. as financial advisor to the Company and CIBC World Markets Inc. as independent financial advisor to the Special Committee;

"Company Incentive Awards" means, collectively, the Company DSUs, Company RSUs, Company Options and Company PSUs;

"Company Leased Real Property" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(o);

"Company LTIP" means the long term incentive plan of the Company effective February 19, 2025;

"Company Material Adverse Effect" means any one or more changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, material and adverse to the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance resulting or arising from or relating to: (a) the announcement or execution of this Agreement or the implementation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the impact of any of the foregoing on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of the Company with customers, suppliers, service providers and employees); (b) any change in the market price or trading volume of any securities of the Company (it being understood that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such change in market price or trading volume that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a Company Material Adverse Effect may be taken into account in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred); (c) any change affecting the gold, silver or copper mining industry as a whole; (d) any change (on a current or forward basis) in the price of gold, silver or copper or any changes in commodity prices or general market prices affecting the mining industry; (e) general political, economic, financial, currency exchange, inflation, interest rates, securities or commodity market conditions in the United States, Canada or Mexico; (f) any generally applicable change or prospective change after the date hereof in IFRS or regulatory accounting requirements; (g) the commencement, continuation or escalation of any war, armed hostilities or acts of terrorism, or the occurrence of any cyber-attacks or data breaches; (h) any general outbreak of illness,

A-4

TABLE OF CONTENTS

pandemic, epidemic, national health emergency, forced quarantine, lockdown or similar event, or the worsening thereof; (i) the failure of the Company to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, guidance, budgets, or estimates of revenues, earnings, cash flow or other financial performance or results of operations for any period (provided, however, that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such failure that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a Company Material Adverse Effect may be considered to determine whether such failure constitutes a Company Material Adverse Effect); (j) any natural disaster (including any hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, forest fire, weather-related event or man-made natural disaster); (k) any adoption, implementation, promulgation, repeal, modification, amendment, reinterpretation, change or proposal of any applicable Law of and by any Governmental Entity occurring after the date hereof (including with respect to Taxes); or (l) any action taken (or omitted to be taken) by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof which is required to be taken (or omitted to be taken) pursuant to this Agreement or that is consented to by the Parent in writing; provided, however, (1) that with respect to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j), to the extent any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance has a disproportionate effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other entities with a similar type, size and scale, and operating in the same industries, as the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, operate, the incremental disproportionate effect may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Company Material Adverse Effect, and only to the extent otherwise permitted by this definition and (2) in this Agreement, references to dollar amounts are not intended to be and shall not be illustrative or interpretive for purposes of determining if a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred;

"Company Material Contract" means any Contract: (a) that, if terminated or modified or if it ceased to be in effect, would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (b) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has directly or indirectly guaranteed any liabilities or obligations of a third party (other than endorsements for collection in the ordinary course) in excess of $10 million in the aggregate; (c) relating to indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any guarantee by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any other Person's indebtedness for borrowed money, with an outstanding principal amount in excess of $15 million; (d) that is a material partnership, limited liability company agreement, shareholder agreement, joint venture, alliance agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement in respect of any Person that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (other than any such agreement or arrangement relating to the operation or business of a Company Property in the ordinary course and which is not material with respect to such Company Property); (e) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to make payments to, or expects to receive payments from, a third party on an annual basis in excess of $10 million in the aggregate; (f) that limits or restricts the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from engaging in any line of business or any geographic area in any material respect; (g) that contains any right on the part of any third party to acquire Mineral Rights or other property rights from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that form any part of the Company Mineral Interests which are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (h) that contains any rights on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to acquire Mineral Rights or other property rights from any third party that, if acquired, would be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (i) that is a contractual royalty, production payment, net profits, earn-out, streaming agreement, metal pre-payment or similar agreement that has a value in excess of $15 million; (j) that is an agreement with a Governmental Entity, or an agreement with any Indigenous group, or other organizations with authority to represent such groups, in each case, that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (k) that is a registration rights agreement; (l) an earn-in, back-in, right of first refusal or right first offer in respect of the Company Mineral Interests; and (m) that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and related to the operation of, or the exploitation, extraction or production of metals from, the Company Mineral Interests; and, for greater certainty, includes the Company Material Contracts listed on Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Company Disclosure Letter;

"Company Meeting" means the special meeting of Company Shareholders, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, to be called and held in accordance with the Interim Order to consider the Arrangement Resolution and for any other purpose as may be set out in the Company Circular and agreed to in writing by the Parent;

"Company Mineral Interests" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(o)(i);

A-5

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Company Notes" means the $400.0 million of unsecured senior notes issued by the Company on March 18, 2025, which bear interest at a rate of 6.875% per annum and mature in 2032;

"Company Option Plan" means the option plan of the Company effective May 4, 2011, as amended;

"Company Options" means the outstanding options to purchase Company Shares granted under the Company Option Plan;

"Company Owned Real Property" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(o)(i);

"Company Permitted Liens" means, in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any one or more of the following:

(a)

Liens for Taxes not at the time overdue or statutory Liens for overdue Taxes the validity of which the Company or a Subsidiary thereof is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with IFRS;

(b)

statutory Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and similar legislation, but only to the extent that each such statutory Lien or deposit relates to amounts not yet due;

(c)

Liens given by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof to a public utility;

(d)

undetermined or inchoate construction or repair or storage Liens arising in the ordinary course, a claim for which has not been filed or registered pursuant to Law or which notice in writing has not been given to the Company or a Subsidiary thereof;

(e)

any reservations or exceptions contained in the original Crown grants or patents relating to any Company Properties (including the reservation of any mines and minerals in the Crown or any other Person);

(f)

easements, including rights of way for, or reservations or rights of others relating to, sewers, water lines, gas lines, pipelines, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar products or services, provided that there has been material compliance with the provisions thereof and that such easements, rights of way, reservations, or rights do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect or impair the quiet enjoyment, use, or operation of the Company Properties, as the case may be, as currently enjoyed, used or operated or as contemplated in the Company Public Documents;

(g)

zoning by-laws, ordinances, or other similar restrictions of any Governmental Entity as to the use of real property, which are not violated in any material respect by the current use of the Company Properties;

(h)

all rights of expropriation of any federal, state, provincial or municipal authority or agency;

(i)

mechanic's, carrier's, workmen's, repairmen's or other similar Liens (inchoate or otherwise) if, individually or in the aggregate, (A) they are not material, (B) they arose or were incurred in the ordinary course in respect of obligations which are not overdue or which are being contested in good faith and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with IFRS, and (C) they have not been filed, recorded, or registered in accordance with Law;

(j)

minor title defects or irregularities consisting of minor surveyor exceptions, provided that such defects, irregularities, or exceptions do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect or impair the quiet enjoyment, use, or operation of the Company Properties as currently enjoyed, used or operated or as contemplated in the Company Public Documents;

(k)

Liens securing indebtedness under the Company Credit Agreement and other credit facilities of the Company, including as described in the Company Public Documents;

(l)

any Liens arising pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Contract that provides for a royalty, production payment, net profits, earn-out, streaming agreement, metal pre-payment or similar agreement providing for the payment of consideration measured, quantified or calculated based on, in whole or in part, any minerals produced, mined, recovered and extracted from any of the Company Mineral Interests;

A-6

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(m)

any other Liens, that are, as of the date of this Agreement, (i) registered against title to real property in any applicable land registry office, (ii) registered or recorded against mineral titles in any applicable mineral titles registry office, or (iii) registered against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets in a public personal property registry or similar registry system, in each case, to the extent such Liens do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect or impair the quiet enjoyment, use or operation of the Company Properties as currently enjoyed, used or operated; and

(n)

as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter;

"Company Property" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(o)(i);

"Company Proposed Agreement" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.4(a);

"Company PSUs" means the outstanding performance share units granted under the Company LTIP;

"Company Public Documents" means all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents filed by the Company on SEDAR+ or EDGAR, in each case since January 1, 2025;

"Company RSUs" means the outstanding restricted share units granted under the Company LTIP;

"Company Shareholder Approval" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.3(e);

"Company Shareholders" means the registered and/or beneficial holders of Company Shares, as the context requires;

"Company Shares" means the common shares in the capital of the Company;

"Company Standstill Agreement" means a Contract, other than a confidentiality and standstill agreement permitted by Section 7.3, entered by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that currently, or after the Effective Time, restricts the ability of a third party to offer to purchase the assets or equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

"Company Superior Proposal" means a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal (with references to 20% being deemed to be replaced with references to 50%) in respect of the Company and its Subsidiaries that did not result from a breach of Section 7.1: (a) that is reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay, taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal and the Person or group of Persons making such Acquisition Proposal; (b) that is not subject to any financing condition and in respect of which adequate arrangements have been made to complete any required financing to consummate such Acquisition Proposal to the satisfaction of the Company Board, acting in good faith (after consultation with the Company's legal and financial advisors); (c) that is not, as of the date that the Company provides a Superior Proposal Notice, subject to a due diligence and/or access condition (but, for greater certainty, may include a customary access covenant); (d) complies with applicable Canadian Securities Laws in all material respects; and (e) in respect of which the Company Board (after consultation with the Company's legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith, and after taking into account all the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, including all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal would, if consummated in accordance with its terms, result in a transaction that is more favourable, from a financial point of view, to the Company Shareholders, than the Arrangement (including any amendments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement proposed by the Parent pursuant to Section 7.4(b));

"Company Technical Reports" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.1(q)(i);

"Company Termination Payment" means $254,725,000;

"Company Termination Payment Event" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.4(b);

"Company Voting Agreements" means the voting agreements between the Parent and the Company Shareholders party thereto setting forth the terms and conditions upon which they have agreed, among other things, to vote their Company Shares and/or Company Options in favour of the Arrangement Resolution;

"Competition Act" means the Competition Act (Canada);

"Competition Act Approval" means that, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, either:

A-7

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(a)

both:

(i)

the applicable waiting periods under subsection 123(1) of the Competition Act shall have expired or have been waived in accordance with subsection 123(2) of the Competition Act or the obligation to provide a pre- merger notification in accordance with Part IX of the Competition Act shall have been waived in accordance with paragraph 113(c) of the Competition Act; and

(ii)

the Commissioner shall have issued a No-Action Letter; or

(b)

the Commissioner shall have issued an Advance Ruling Certificate;

"Confidentiality Agreement" means the amended and restated confidentiality agreement between the Parent and the Company dated April 17, 2025, as further amended on September 25, 2025;

"Consideration" means the consideration to be received by Company Shareholders pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement;

"Consideration Shares" means the Parent Shares to be issued to Company Shareholders pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement;

"Continuing Employees" means Company Employees that are employed by the Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries immediately following the Effective Time;

"Contract" means any legally binding contract, agreement, license, franchise, lease, arrangement, commitment, understanding, joint venture, partnership or other right or obligation (written or oral) and any amendment thereto to which a Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of their respective properties or assets is subject;

"Corporate Records" means, in respect of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, the original or electronic corporate books, duly signed by such Persons as required under applicable Law and under its constating documents, including (as applicable) the shareholders' meeting minutes, share register, the capital variations book, and the directors' meeting minutes;

"Court" means the Supreme Court of British Columbia;

"Depositary" means Computershare Investor Services Inc., or such other Person as the Company and the Parent may appoint (each acting reasonably) to act as depositary in respect of the Arrangement;

"DGCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law;

"Dissent Rights" means the rights of dissent exercisable by the Company Shareholders in respect of the Arrangement described in the Plan of Arrangement;

"EDGAR" means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system of the U.S. SEC;

"Effective Date" means the date on which the Arrangement becomes effective in accordance with Section 2.11(a);

"Effective Time" means the time on the Effective Date that the Arrangement becomes effective, as set out in the Plan of Arrangement;

"Environmental Laws" means all Laws imposing obligations, responsibilities, liabilities or standards of conduct for or relating to: (a) the regulation or control of pollution, contamination, activities, materials, substances or wastes in connection with or for the protection of human health or safety, the environment or natural resources (including climate, air, surface water, groundwater, wetlands, land surface, subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic species and vegetation, ecological planning, archeological vestiges); (b) the use, generation, disposal, treatment, processing, recycling, handling, transport, distribution, Release, destruction, transfer, import, export or sale, rehabilitation, reclamation, or remediation of Hazardous Substances; or (c) the operation, rehabilitation, reclamation, restoration and remediation of mines and mining sites;

"Environmental Liabilities" means, with respect to any Person, all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, responses, losses, damages, punitive damages, property damages, consequential damages, environmental damages, treble damages, costs (including control, rehabilitation, reclamation, closure, remedial and removal costs, investigation costs, capital costs, environmental compensation costs, operation and maintenance costs),

A-8

TABLE OF CONTENTS

expenses, fines, penalties and sanctions incurred as a result of or related to any claim, suit, action, administrative or court order, investigation, proceeding or demand by any Person, arising under or related to any Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits, or in connection with any: (a) Release or threatened Release or presence of a Hazardous Substance; (b) tailings impoundment areas; (c) tank, drum, pipe or other container that contains or contained a Hazardous Substance; or (d) use, generation, disposal, treatment, processing, recycling, handling, transport, Release, transfer, import, export or sale of Hazardous Substance;

"Environmental Permits" means all Authorizations or program participation requirements with or from any Governmental Entity under any Environmental Laws;

"ERISA" means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974;

"Exchange Ratio" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Plan of Arrangement;

"Final Order" means the final order of the Court contemplated by Section 2.7, in a form and substance acceptable to the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably, approving the Arrangement, as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of both the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably) at any time prior to the Effective Date or, if appealed, then, unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed or as amended (provided that any such amendment is acceptable to both the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably) on appeal;

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States;

"Governmental Entity" means: (a) any international, federal, provincial, territorial, tribal, state, regional, county, municipal, local or other government, governmental or public department, central bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body, international arbitration institution, commission, board, ministry bureau, agency or entity, domestic or foreign; (b) any stock exchange, including the TSX, the NYSE and the NYSE American; (c) any subdivision, agent, commission, board or authority of any of the foregoing; or (d) any quasi-governmental or private body or self-regulatory organization exercising any regulatory, expropriation or taxing authority under or for the account of any of the foregoing;

"Hazardous Substance" means any pollutant, contaminant, waste or chemical or any toxic, radioactive, ignitable, corrosive, reactive or otherwise hazardous or deleterious substance, waste or material, including hydrogen sulphide, cyanide, arsenic, cadmium, copper, lead, mercury, petroleum, polychlorinated biphenyls, tailings, waste rock, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and urea-formaldehyde insulation, and any other material, substance, pollutant or contaminant regulated or defined pursuant to, or that could result in liability under, any Environmental Law, including those that are (a) defined as "pollutants", "contaminants", "hazardous" or "deleterious" under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999, S.C. 1999, c.33, the Canadian Fisheries Act R.S.C., 1985, C.F-14, Ontario Environmental Protection Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. E.19, the Ontario Water Resources Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. O.40, the British Columbia Environmental Management Act, S.B.C. 2003, c. 53, the British Columbia Water Sustainability Act, S.B.C 2014, c. 14 and/or regulations thereunder; (b) "hazardous material" and/or "hazardous waste", pursuant to Mexico's Ley General del Equilibrio Ecológico y la Protección al Ambiente; (c) listed, characterized (or subject to characterization) as "hazardous" under Mexican Official Norms NOM-052-SEMARNAT-2005 and NOM-053-SEMARNAT-1993; (d) labeled as "hazardous wastes" under Mexico's Ley General para la Prevención y Gestión Integral de los Residuos and/or its regulations; (e) classified as hazardous or toxic under Mexico's Ley General de Salud or any of its regulations; (f) defined as a "hazardous waste," "hazardous substance," "extremely hazardous substance," "pollutant," or "contaminant" under any Environmental Law, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. § 9601, et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. § 2601, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. § 6901, et seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. § 6901 et seq., the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. 99-499, 100 Stat. 1613, each as amended or reauthorized, and any applicable state law counterparts; (g) capable of causing harm to the Environment or to human health from exposure thereto if and to the extent such capability or exposure (or prevention thereof) is regulated under Environmental Laws; and/or (h) any used recipients or containers that may have contained or stored Hazardous Substances, including above-ground or underground storage tanks or underground pipes or aboveground pipelines, if and to the extent controlled, regulated or prohibited under Environmental Laws;

"ICA" means the Investment Canada Act (Canada);

A-9

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"ICA Approval" means, in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, that: (a) either (i) the Parent shall have received written evidence from the responsible Minister under the ICA that the Minister is satisfied that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA, or (ii) the responsible Minister shall have been deemed to be satisfied (within the meaning of the ICA) that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA; and (b) there shall be no order prohibiting the consummation of the Arrangement under Part IV.1 of the ICA;

"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards;

"including" means including without limitation, and "include" and "includes" have a corresponding meaning;

"Indigenous" means any and all aboriginal person, people, or group, native person, people, or group, tribe, and/or indigenous person, people, or group, or any person or group asserting to be indigenous or part of an originary community or otherwise claiming any right recognized and/or affirmed under applicable Laws, treaties or any other interest held by virtue of that person or group's status as one of the aforementioned groups, and any person or group representing or purporting to represent any of the foregoing;

"Initial Outside Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.2(a)(ii)(A);

"Intellectual Property" means anything that is or may be protected by any intellectual property rights in any jurisdiction such as, but not limited to works (including software), performances, trade secrets, inventions (whether patentable or not), improvements to such inventions, industrial designs, mask work and integrated circuit topographies, trade-marks, trade names, business names, corporate names, domain names, website names and world wide web addresses, whether or not they may also be protected, at any given time, as a trade secret or confidential information, including proprietary and non-public business information, know-how, methods, processes, designs, technology, technical data, schematics, models, simulations and documentation relating to any of the foregoing;

"Intended U.S. Tax Treatment" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.15;

"Interim Order" means the interim order of the Court to be issued following the application therefor submitted to the Court after being informed of the intention to rely upon the exemption from registration under section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect to the Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement as contemplated by Section 2.3, in a form and substance acceptable to the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably, providing for, among other things, the calling and holding of the Company Meeting, as the same may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court with the consent of the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably;

"Law" or "Laws" means all laws (including common law), by-laws, statutes, rules, regulations, principles of law and equity, orders, rulings, ordinances, judgments, injunctions, determinations, awards, decrees or other requirements, whether domestic or foreign, that are binding upon or applicable to such Person or its business and have the force of law, and the terms and conditions of any Authorization of or from any Governmental Entity, and, for greater certainty, includes Securities Laws and applicable common law, and the term "applicable" with respect to such Laws and in a context that refers to a Party, means such Laws as are applicable to such Party and/or its Subsidiaries or their business, undertaking, property or securities and emanate from a Person having jurisdiction over the Party and/or its Subsidiaries or its or their business, undertaking, property or securities;

"Liens" means any hypothecs, mortgages, pledges, assignments, liens, charges, security interests, encumbrances and adverse rights or claims or other third party interests or encumbrances of any kind, whether contingent or absolute, and any agreement, option, lease, sublease, restriction, easement, right-of-way, right or privilege (whether by Law, contract or otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing;

"Matching Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.4(a)(iii);

"material fact" means a material fact relating to the Company or the Parent, as applicable, for purposes of applicable Securities Laws;

A-10

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Mexican Antitrust Law" means the Federal Economic Competition Law (Ley Federal de Competencia Económica) of Mexico;

"Mexico" means the United Mexican States;

"MI 61-101" means Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions of the Canadian Securities Administrators;

"Mineral Rights" means all rights, whether contractual or otherwise, for the exploration for or exploitation of mineral resources and reserves together with surface rights, Water Rights, royalty interests, fee interests, joint venture interests, and other leases, rights of way and enurements related to any such rights;

"Misrepresentation" means an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated or necessary to make a statement not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made;

"Modern Slavery Laws" means all Laws regarding the provision of slavery, servitude and forced or child labour and about human trafficking including the Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act (Canada);

"Multiemployer Plan" means any "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA;

"NI 43-101" means National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects of the Canadian Securities Administrators;

"NI 45-106" means National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions of the Canadian Securities Administrators;

"NI 51-102" means National Instrument 51-102 - Continuous Disclosure Obligations of the Canadian Securities Administrators;

"NI 52-109" means National Instrument 52-109 - Certification of Disclosure in Issuers' Annual and Interim Filings of the Canadian Securities Administrators;

"NI 54-101" means National Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer of the Canadian Securities Administrators;

"No-Action Letter" means a written confirmation from the Commissioner indicating that he does not, at that time, intend to make an application under section 92 of the Competition Act in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, such letter or other written notification having not been withdrawn prior to the Effective Time;

"Non-Continuing Employees" means Company Employees whose employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated by the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, without cause, at or immediately prior to the Effective Time;

"NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange;

"NYSE American" means the NYSE American Stock Exchange;

"ordinary course" means, with respect to an action taken by a Person, that such action is consistent with the past practice of such Person and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day business and operations of such Person;

"Outside Date" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.2(a)(ii)(A);

"Parent" has the meaning ascribed thereto on the first page of this Agreement;

"Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(ii)(ii);

"Parent Benefit Plans" means all employee benefit plans, including all welfare, health, dental, vision, prescription drug, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, emergency travel, life, short term disability, long term disability or other medical insurance, mortgage insurance, employee loan, employee assistance, supplemental unemployment benefit, post-employment benefit, post-retirement benefit, bonus, profit sharing, option, incentive, performance, equity, equity-based, phantom, deferred compensation,

A-11

TABLE OF CONTENTS

severance, retention, stay bonus, paid time off, change of control, termination, pension, retirement, saving and supplemental retirement agreements, policies, programs, arrangements, schemes, practices or undertakings, whether funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, registered or unregistered, oral or written, which are maintained by or binding upon the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or for which the Parent or its Subsidiaries has any liability or contingent liability for the benefit of any current or former Parent Employees or independent contractors (or, to the extent applicable, any spouses, dependents, survivors or beneficiaries of such persons) excluding any Multiemployer Plans or Statutory Plans;

"Parent Board" means the board of directors of the Parent, as the same is constituted from time to time;

"Parent Board Recommendation" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.2(b)(ii);

"Parent Change in Recommendation" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.1(a)(iii);

"Parent Charter Amendment" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals to this Agreement;

"Parent Credit Agreement" means that certain credit agreement, dated as of September 29, 2017 (as subsequently amended), by and among, inter alia, the Parent, as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and Bank of America, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch, National Bank of Canada, Fédération Des Caisses Desjardins Du Québec, ING Capital LLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as lenders;

"Parent Disclosure Letter" means the disclosure letter dated the date of this Agreement (including all schedules, exhibits and appendices thereto) and executed by the Parent and delivered to the Company prior to or concurrently with the execution of this Agreement;

"Parent Employees" means all individuals who are employed as officers or employees by the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including unionized, non-unionized, part-time, full-time, active and inactive employees, and any officers who provide services to the Company as consultants;

"Parent Incentive Awards" means all outstanding restricted share units, performance share units, options and any other awards made in accordance with the Parent Incentive Plans;

"Parent Incentive Plans" means, collectively, the Amended & Restated Coeur Mining, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective as of May 11, 2021, the Coeur Mining, Inc. Stock Option Plan (Legacy Plan), effective August 24, 2015, as amended, and the Coeur Mining, Inc. Stock Option Plan, effective June 15, 2022, as amended, and the applicable form of award agreements thereunder;

"Parent Leased Real Property" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(n)(i);

"Parent Matching Period" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.4(a)(iii);

"Parent Material Adverse Effect" means any one or more changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, material and adverse to the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance resulting or arising from or relating to: (a) the announcement or execution of this Agreement or the implementation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the impact of any of the foregoing on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of the Parent with customers, suppliers, service providers and employees); (b) any change in the market price or trading volume of any securities of the Parent (it being understood that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such change in market price or trading volume that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a Parent Material Adverse Effect may be taken into account in determining whether a Parent Material Adverse Effect has occurred); (c) any change affecting the gold and silver mining industry as a whole; (d) any change (on a current or forward basis) in the price of gold or silver or any changes in commodity prices or general market prices affecting the mining industry; (e) general political, economic, financial, currency exchange, inflation, interest rates, securities or commodity market conditions in the United States, Canada or Mexico; (f) any generally applicable change or prospective change after the date hereof in GAAP or regulatory accounting requirements; (g) the commencement, continuation or escalation of any war, armed hostilities or acts of terrorism, or the occurrence of any cyber-attacks or data breaches; (h) any general outbreak of illness, pandemic, epidemic, national health emergency, forced quarantine, lockdown or similar event, or the worsening

A-12

TABLE OF CONTENTS

thereof; (i) the failure of the Parent to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, guidance, budgets, or estimates of revenues, earnings, cash flow or other financial performance or results of operations for any period (provided, however, that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such failure that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a Parent Material Adverse Effect may be considered to determine whether such failure constitutes a Parent Material Adverse Effect); (j) any natural disaster (including any hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, forest fire, weather-related event or man-made natural disaster); (k) any adoption, implementation, promulgation, repeal, modification, amendment, reinterpretation, change or proposal of any applicable Law of and by any Governmental Entity occurring after the date hereof (including with respect to Taxes); or (l) any action taken (or omitted to be taken) by the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof which is required to be taken (or omitted to be taken) pursuant to this Agreement or that is consented to by the Company in writing; provided, however, (1) that with respect to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j), to the extent any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance has a disproportionate effect on the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other entities with a similar type, size and scale, and operating in the same industries, as the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, operate, the incremental disproportionate effect may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Parent Material Adverse Effect, and only to the extent otherwise permitted by this definition and (2) in this Agreement, references to dollar amounts are not intended to be and shall not be illustrative or interpretive for purposes of determining if a Parent Material Adverse Effect has occurred;

"Parent Material Contract" means any Contract: (a) that, if terminated or modified or if it ceased to be in effect, would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; (b) under which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has directly or indirectly guaranteed any liabilities or obligations of a third party (other than endorsements for collection in the ordinary course) in excess of $20 million in the aggregate; (c) relating to indebtedness for borrowed money of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any guarantee by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of any other Person's indebtedness for borrowed money, with an outstanding principal amount in excess of $30 million; (d) that is a material partnership, limited liability company agreement, shareholder agreement, joint venture, alliance agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement in respect of any Person that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent (other than any such agreement or arrangement relating to the operation or business of a Parent Property in the ordinary course and which is not material with respect to such Parent Property); (e) under which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to make or expects to receive payments on an annual basis in excess of $20 million in the aggregate; (f) that limits or restricts the Parent or any of the Parent Material Subsidiaries from engaging in any line of business or any geographic area in any material respect; (g) that contains any right on the part of any third party to acquire Mineral Rights or other property rights from the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that are material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that form any part of the Parent Mineral Interests which are material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (h) that contains any rights on the part of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to acquire Mineral Rights or other property rights from any third party that, if acquired, would be material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (i) that is a contractual royalty, production payment, net profits, earn-out, streaming agreement, metal pre-payment or similar agreement that has a value in excess of $30 million; (j) that is an agreement with a Governmental Entity, or an agreement with any Indigenous group, or other organizations with authority to represent such groups, in each case, that is material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (k) that is a registration rights agreement; (l) an earn-in, back-in, right of first refusal or right first offer in respect of the Parent Mineral Interests; and (m) that is material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and related to the operation of, or the exploitation, extraction or production of metals from, the Parent Mineral Interests; and, for greater certainty, includes the Parent Material Contracts listed on Schedule 4.1(cc) of the Parent Disclosure Letter;

"Parent Material Subsidiaries" means the Subsidiaries set out in Schedule 1.1(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter;

"Parent Meeting" means the meeting of the Parent Stockholders, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, to be called and held in accordance with applicable Law to consider the Parent Charter Amendment, Parent Stock Issuance and for any other purpose as may be set out in the Parent Proxy Statement and agreed to in writing by the Company;

"Parent Mineral Interests" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(n)(i);

"Parent Owned Real Property" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(n)(i);

A-13

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Parent Permitted Liens" means, in respect of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, any one or more of the following:

(a)

Liens for Taxes not at the time overdue or statutory Liens for overdue Taxes the validity of which the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with GAAP;

(b)

statutory Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and similar legislation, but only to the extent that each such statutory Lien or deposit relates to amounts not yet due;

(c)

Liens given by the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof to a public utility;

(d)

undetermined or inchoate construction or repair or storage Liens arising in the ordinary course, a claim for which has not been filed or registered pursuant to Law or which notice in writing has not been given to the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof;

(e)

any reservations or exceptions contained in the original Crown grants or patents relating to any Parent Properties (including the reservation of any mines and minerals in the Crown or any other Person);

(f)

easements, including rights of way for, or reservations or rights of others relating to, sewers, water lines, gas lines, pipelines, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar products or services, provided that there has been material compliance with the provisions thereof and that such easements, rights of way, reservations, or rights do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect or impair the quiet enjoyment, use, or operation of the Parent Properties, as the case may be, as currently enjoyed, used or operated or as contemplated in the Parent Public Documents;

(g)

zoning by-laws, ordinances, or other similar restrictions of any Governmental Entity as to the use of real property, which are not violated in any material respect by the current use of the Parent Properties;

(h)

all rights of expropriation of any federal, state, provincial or municipal authority or agency;

(i)

mechanic's, carrier's, workmen's, repairmen's or other similar Liens (inchoate or otherwise) if, individually or in the aggregate, (A) they are not material, (B) they arose or were incurred in the ordinary course in respect of obligations which are not overdue or which are being contested in good faith and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, and (C) they have not been filed, recorded, or registered in accordance with Law;

(j)

minor title defects or irregularities consisting of minor surveyor exceptions, provided that such defects, irregularities, or exceptions do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect or impair the quiet enjoyment, use, or operation of the Parent Properties as currently enjoyed, used or operated or as contemplated in the Parent Public Documents;

(k)

Liens securing indebtedness under the Parent Credit Agreement and other credit facilities of the Parent as described in the Parent Public Documents;

(l)

any Liens arising pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Contract that provides for a royalty, production payment, net profits, earn-out, streaming agreement, metal pre-payment or similar agreement providing for the payment of consideration measured, quantified or calculated based on, in whole or in part, any minerals produced, mined, recovered and extracted from any of the Company Mineral Interests; and

(m)

any other Liens, that are, as of the date of this Agreement, (i) registered against title to real property in any applicable land registry office, (ii) registered or recorded against mineral titles in any applicable mineral titles registry office, or (iii) registered against the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets in a public personal property registry or similar registry system, in each case, to the extent such Liens do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect or impair the quiet enjoyment, use or operation of the Parent Properties as currently enjoyed, used or operated;

"Parent Property" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(n)(i);

A-14

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Parent Proposed Agreement" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.4(a);

"Parent Proxy Statement" means the proxy statement on Schedule 14A to be distributed to the Parent Stockholders, including all schedules, appendices and exhibits thereto and enclosures therewith, and information incorporated by reference therein, in connection with the Parent Meeting, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement;

"Parent Public Documents" means all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents filed by the Parent on SEDAR+ or EDGAR, in each case since January 1, 2025;

"Parent Shares" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals to this Agreement;

"Parent Standstill Agreement" means a Contract entered by the Parent and/or any of its Subsidiaries that currently, or after the Effective Time, other than a confidentiality and standstill agreement permitted by Section 7.3, restricts the ability of a third party to offer to purchase the assets or equity securities of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries;

"Parent Stock Issuance" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals to this Agreement;

"Parent Stockholder Approvals" means the approval (a) of the Parent Stock Issuance by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person or represented by proxy at the Parent Meeting in accordance with Section 312.03(c) and Section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, and (b) of the Parent Charter Amendment by the affirmative vote of Parent Stockholders required by the certificate of incorporation of Parent and the DGCL at the Parent Meeting;

"Parent Stockholders" means the registered and/or beneficial holders of the Parent Shares, as the context requires;

"Parent Superior Proposal" means a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal (with references to 20% being deemed to be replaced with references to 50%) in respect of the Parent and its Subsidiaries that did not result from a breach of Section 8.1: (a) that is reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay, taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal and the Person or group of Persons making such Acquisition Proposal; (b) that is not subject to any financing condition and in respect of which adequate arrangements have been made to complete any required financing to consummate such Acquisition Proposal to the satisfaction of the Parent Board, acting in good faith (after consultation with the Parent's legal and financial advisors); (c) that is not, as of the date that the Parent provides a Parent Superior Proposal Notice, subject to a due diligence and/or access condition (but, for greater certainty, may include a customary access covenant); (d) complies with applicable U.S. Securities Laws in all material respects; and (e) in respect of which the Parent Board (after consultation with the Parent's legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith, and after taking into account all the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, including all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal, would, if consummated in accordance with its terms, result in a transaction that is more favourable, from a financial point of view, to the Parent Stockholders, than the Arrangement (including any amendments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement proposed by the Company pursuant to Section 8.4(b));

"Parent Superior Proposal Notice" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 8.4(a)(ii);

"Parent Technical Reports" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(p);

"Parent Termination Payment" means $413,705,000;

"Parent Termination Payment Event" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 9.4(d);

"Parent Voting Agreements" means the voting agreements between the Company and the Parent Stockholders party thereto setting forth the terms and conditions upon which they have agreed, among other things, to vote their Parent Shares in favour of the Parent Charter Amendment and Parent Stock Issuance;

"Parties" means, together, the Parent, the Purchaser and the Company, and "Party" means any one of them, as the context requires;

A-15

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Person" includes an individual, partnership, association, body corporate, trustee, executor, administrator, legal representative, government (including any Governmental Entity) or any other entity, whether or not having legal status;

"Personal Information" means all information or data in any form, including paper, electronic and other forms, concerning any identified or identifiable individual, as provided under the applicable Privacy Laws;

"Plan of Arrangement" means the plan of arrangement of the Company, substantially in the form of Schedule A hereto, and any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement or upon the direction of the Court in the Final Order with the consent of the Company and the Parent, each acting reasonably;

"Pre-Acquisition Reorganization" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 5.13(a);

"Privacy Laws" include applicable Laws that govern the collection, use, disclosure, retention, disposition and other processing of Personal Information, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and applicable provincial Privacy Laws;

"Purchaser" has the meaning ascribed thereto on the first page of this Agreement;

"Purchaser Board" means the board of directors of the Purchaser, as the same is constituted from time to time;

"Regulation S-K 1300" means 17 C.F.R. § 229.1300 et seq. on Disclosure by Registrants Engaged in Mining Operations;

"Regulatory Approvals" means those sanctions, rulings, consents, orders, exemptions, Authorizations and other approvals (including the lapse, without objections, of a prescribed period of time under a statute or regulation that states that a transaction may be implemented if a prescribed period of time lapses following the giving of notice without an objection being made) of any Governmental Entity required in relation to the transactions contemplated hereby, including the CNA Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval;

"Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, escape, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, or leaching of any Hazardous Substance in the environment;

"Representatives" means, with respect to a Party, such Party's directors, officers, employees, counsel, financial advisors, accountants, agents, consultants and other authorized representatives and advisors;

"Required Regulatory Approvals" means each of the CNA Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval;

"Restricted Party" means a person that is: (a) listed on, owned, held or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a person listed on, or acting on behalf of a person listed on, any Sanctions List, (b) located in, incorporated under the laws of, or owned or (directly or indirectly) controlled by, or acting on behalf of, a person located in or organized under the laws of a country or territory that is the target of Sanctions, or (c) otherwise a target of Sanctions;

"Revised Company RSUs" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.10(e)(ii);

"Sanctions" means the economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures administered, enacted or enforced by: (a) the United States government; (b) the United Nations; (c) the European Union; (d) the Canadian government; (e) the United Kingdom; or (f) the respective governmental institutions and agencies of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury ("OFAC"), the United States Department of State, His Majesty's Treasury ("HMT"), Global Affairs Canada and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police or any other relevant sanctions authority (together the "Sanctions Authorities");

"Sanctions List" means the "Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons" list maintained by OFAC, the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets, the Consolidated Canadian Autonomous Sanctions List and the Investment Ban List maintained by HMT, or any similar list maintained by, or public announcement of Sanctions designation made by, any of the Sanctions Authorities;

"SEC Clearance" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.4;

A-16

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Securities Act" means the Securities Act (Ontario) and the rules, regulations and published policies made thereunder;

"Securities Laws" means, collectively, Canadian Securities Laws and U.S. Securities Laws;

"SEDAR+" means the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval;

"Special Committee" means the special committee of the Company Board;

"Statutory Plans" means statutory benefit plans which the Company or its Subsidiaries are required to participate in or comply with, including as applicable the Canada Pension Plan and plans administered pursuant to applicable health tax, workplace safety insurance and employment insurance legislation;

"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed thereto in NI 45-106;

"Superior Proposal Notice" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 7.4(a)(ii);

"Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act (Canada);

"Tax Returns" includes all returns, reports, declarations, elections, notices, filings, forms, statements and other documents (whether in tangible, electronic or other form) and including any amendments, schedules, attachments, supplements, appendices and exhibits thereto and any claims for refund, declarations of estimated Tax and information returns, made, prepared, filed or required by a Governmental Entity to be made, prepared or filed by Law in respect of Taxes;

"Tax Sharing Agreement" means any agreement or arrangement binding the Company or the Parent, as applicable, or any of their respective Subsidiaries that provides for the allocation, apportionment, sharing, indemnification or assignment of any Tax liability or benefit, or the transfer or assignment of income, revenues, receipts, or gains for the purpose of determining any Person's Tax liability (other than customary Tax sharing or indemnification provisions contained in a commercial agreement entered into in the ordinary course the primary subject matter of which does not relate to Taxes);

"Taxes" includes any taxes, duties, fees, premiums, assessments, imposts, levies, expansion fees and other charges of any kind whatsoever imposed by any Governmental Entity, including all interest, penalties, fines, additions to tax or other additional amounts imposed by any Governmental Entity in respect thereof, and including, but not limited to, those levied on, or measured by, or referred to as, income, gross receipts, earnings, profits, mining, mineral, carbon, fuel, windfall, environmental, royalty, capital, capital stock, transfer, land transfer, disability, ad valorem, sales, net worth, goods and services, harmonized sales, use, value-added, excise, stamp, recording, withholding, global minimum or "Pillar 2", business, franchising, property, premium, development, occupation, occupancy, employer health, alternative or add-on minimum, payroll, employment, health, social services, education and social security taxes, all surtaxes, all customs duties and import and export taxes, countervail and anti-dumping, all license, franchise and registration fees and all employment insurance, health insurance and Canada Pension Plan and other pension plan premiums or contributions imposed by any Governmental Entity, any transferee or predecessor liability in respect of any of the foregoing, and any liability for any such amounts imposed with respect to any other person, including under any agreements or arrangements;

"Third Party Beneficiaries" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 10.10;

"Transaction Personal Information" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 10.1;

"TSX" means the Toronto Stock Exchange;

"U.S. Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934;

"U.S. Investment Company Act" means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940;

"U.S. SEC" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.3;

"U.S. Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933;

"U.S. Securities Laws" means the U.S. Exchange Act, the U.S. Securities Act and all other applicable U.S. federal securities Laws;

"U.S. Tax Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986;

A-17

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"U.S. Treasury Regulations" means the regulations promulgated under the U.S. Tax Code, including any temporary, proposed or final regulations issued thereunder by the United States Department of the Treasury;

"United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia;

"Value Determination Date" means the date that is three business days prior to the Effective Date; and

"Water Rights" means water rights, water concessions, water licences, water leases and water supply agreements, ditch rights or other interests in water or water conveyance rights owned, leased or held by the relevant Person.

1.2

Interpretation Not Affected by Headings

The division of this Agreement into Articles and Sections, and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Unless the contrary intention appears, references in this Agreement to an Article, Section or Schedule by number or letter or both refer to the Article, Section or Schedule, respectively, bearing that designation in this Agreement.

1.3

Number and Gender

In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa, and words importing gender include all genders.

1.4

Calculation of Time

Unless otherwise specified, time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends. Where the last day of any such time period is not a business day, such time period shall be extended to the next business day following the day on which it would otherwise end.

1.5

Date for Any Action

If the date on which any action is required to be taken hereunder by a Party is not a business day, such action shall be required to be taken on the next succeeding day which is a business day.

1.6

Currency

Unless otherwise stated, all references in this Agreement to sums of money are expressed in lawful money of the United States and "$" refers to U.S. dollars.

1.7

Accounting Matters

Unless otherwise stated, all accounting terms used in this Agreement (i) with respect to the Company shall have the meanings attributable thereto under IFRS and all determinations of an accounting nature required to be made shall be made in a manner consistent with IFRS consistently applied, and (ii) with respect to the Parent shall have the meanings attributable thereto under GAAP and all determinations of an accounting nature required to be made shall be made in a manner consistent with GAAP consistently applied.

1.8

Statutory References

In this Agreement, any reference to a statute, rule, regulation or other statutory instrument or subordinate legislation (including any particular provision thereof) shall be construed to refer to such statute, rule, regulation or other instrument or legislation (or provision thereof) and to all rules, regulations, instruments or legislation made thereunder, if any, in each case as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented, re-enacted or replaced, in whole or in part.

1.9

Knowledge

In this Agreement, references to: (a) "the knowledge of the Company" means the actual knowledge of the Company's (i) President and Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, (iii) Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, (iv) Vice President, Technical Services, (v) Vice President,

A-18

TABLE OF CONTENTS

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, (vi) Vice President, Operations, (vii) Vice President, Geology, and (viii) Chief Human Resources Officer, in each case, after making due enquiries regarding the relevant matter, and (b) "the knowledge of the Parent" means the actual knowledge of the Parent's (i) Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, (iii) Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, (iv) Senior Vice President, Exploration, (v) Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, and (vi) Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, in each case, after making due enquiries regarding the relevant matter.

1.10

Company Disclosure Letter

The Company Disclosure Letter itself and all information contained in it is confidential information and may not be disclosed unless (a) it is required to be disclosed pursuant to Law unless such Law permits the Parties to refrain from disclosing the information for confidentiality or other purposes, or (b) a Party, acting reasonably and in good faith, needs to disclose it in order to enforce or exercise its rights under this Agreement.

1.11

Parent Disclosure Letter

The Parent Disclosure Letter itself and all information contained in it is confidential information and may not be disclosed unless (a) it is required to be disclosed pursuant to Law unless such Law permits the Parties to refrain from disclosing the information for confidentiality or other purposes, or (b) a Party, acting reasonably and in good faith, needs to disclose it in order to enforce or exercise its rights under this Agreement.

1.12

Schedules

The following Schedules are annexed to this Agreement and are incorporated by reference into this Agreement and form a part hereof:

? ? ? ?          ? ? ? ? ? ?
  ? ? Schedule A ? ? - ? ? Plan of Arrangement
  ? ? Schedule B ? ? - ? ? Arrangement Resolution
  ? ? Schedule C ? ? - ? ? Form of Parent Charter Amendment
  ? ? Schedule D ? ? - ? ? Form of Resignation and Mutual Release
  ? ? Schedule E ? ? - ? ? Form of Company Voting Agreement
  ? ? Schedule F ? ? - ? ? Form of Parent Voting Agreement
? ? ? ?          ? ? ? ? ? ?


ARTICLE 2

THE ARRANGEMENT

2.1

Arrangement

The Parties agree that the Arrangement will be implemented in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement.

2.2

Approvals

(a)

The Company represents and warrants to the Parent that:

(i)

the Company Board has received an oral opinion to be subsequently confirmed in writing (each, a "Company Fairness Opinion") from each of the Company Financial Advisors that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by Company Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company Shareholders;

(ii)

the Special Committee, after receiving financial and legal advice and the Company Fairness Opinions, has unanimously (A) determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Company Shareholders and in the best interests of the Company, and (B) recommended to the Company Board that the Company Board (1) approve this Agreement and the Arrangement, and (2) recommend that the Company Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution; and

(iii)

the Company Board, after receiving financial and legal advice and the Company Fairness Opinions and the recommendation of the Special Committee, has unanimously

A-19

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(A) determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Company Shareholders and in the best interests of the Company, and (B) resolved to recommend that the Company Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution (the "Company Board Recommendation").

(b)

The Parent represents and warrants to the Company that:

(i)

the Parent Board has received the separate opinions of BMO Capital Markets Corp. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC each to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based on and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to this Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Parent;

(ii)

the Parent Board, after evaluating the Arrangement in consultation with the Parent's management and legal and financial advisors, has unanimously: (A) determined that the entering into of this Agreement is in the best interests of the Parent and the Parent Stockholders; and (B) has resolved to recommend that the Parent Stockholders vote to approve the Parent Charter Amendment and the Parent Stock Issuance (the "Parent Board Recommendation").

2.3

Interim Order

As promptly as reasonably practicable following the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall apply to the Court in a manner acceptable to the Parent, acting reasonably, pursuant to Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA, to schedule the Interim Order hearing with the Court for a date on or about the fifteenth (15th) calendar day immediately following the date of filing of the Parent Proxy Statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("U.S. SEC"); provided that the Company shall reschedule such hearing if the SEC Clearance is not obtained (or not obtainable) by the third (3rd) business day prior to the date of the hearing; provided further that in the event such hearing is rescheduled, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to reschedule such hearing to occur as soon as reasonably practicable following the receipt of SEC Clearance, in each case subject to the availability of the Court and subject to and in accordance with the requirements of NI 54-101 with respect to the Company Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to schedule the Interim Order hearing for a date prior to the thirtieth (30th) day following the date of this Agreement. The Company shall prepare, file and diligently pursue an application for the Interim Order, which shall provide, among other things:

(a)

for the class(es) of Persons to whom notice is to be provided in respect of the Arrangement and the Company Meeting and for the manner in which such notice is to be provided;

(b)

for confirmation of the record date for the purposes of determining the Company Shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Company Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order;

(c)

that the record date for Company Shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Company Meeting will not change as a result of any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Company Meeting unless required by the Court or by Law;

(d)

that the Company Meeting may be held as a virtual or hybrid meeting, and that Company Shareholders that participate in the Company Meeting through virtual means, if applicable, will be deemed to be present at the Company Meeting;

(e)

that the requisite approval (collectively, the "Company Shareholder Approval") for the Arrangement Resolution shall be the affirmative vote of at least:

(i)

662?3% of the votes cast on the Arrangement Resolution by the Company Shareholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the Company Meeting and voting as a single class; and

(ii)

to the extent required by MI 61-101, a simple majority of the votes cast on the Arrangement Resolution by the Company Shareholders present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Company Meeting, voting as a single class, excluding, for this purpose, the votes for Company Shares held or controlled by Persons whose votes are required to be excluded by MI 61-101;

A-20

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(f)

that, in all other respects, the terms, conditions and restrictions of the Company's constating documents, including quorum requirements and other matters, shall apply in respect of the Company Meeting unless otherwise ordered by the Court;

(g)

for the grant of Dissent Rights to the Company Shareholders who are registered Company Shareholders as of the record date for the Company Meeting, as contemplated in the Plan of Arrangement;

(h)

for the notice requirements with respect to the presentation of the application to the Court for the Final Order;

(i)

that the Company Meeting may be adjourned or postponed from time to time by the Company Board subject to the terms of this Agreement or as otherwise agreed between the Parties without the need for additional approval of the Court;

(j)

that the Parties intend to rely on the exemption from registration requirements provided by section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act for the issuance of Consideration Shares pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, subject to and conditioned upon the Court's approval of the Arrangement and determination following a hearing that the Arrangement is substantively and procedurally fair and reasonable to each Person to whom Consideration Shares will be issued; and

(k)

for such other matters as the Parent or the Company may reasonably require, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

2.4

Company Meeting

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the earliest to occur of (x) the U.S. SEC informing the Parent that it has no remaining comments to, or will not review, the Parent Proxy Statement (and the Parent agrees to advise the Company of such matters promptly after the U.S. SEC informs the Parent of such) or (y) the passage of at least ten (10) calendar days (as calculated pursuant to Rule 14a-6 of the U.S. Exchange Act) since the filing of a preliminary Parent Proxy Statement with the U.S. SEC not informing the Parent that it intends to review the Parent Proxy Statement (in either case, "SEC Clearance"):

(a)

duly call, give notice of, convene and conduct the Company Meeting (including by virtual means) in accordance with the Interim Order, the Company's constating documents and applicable Laws as promptly as reasonably practicable, using commercially reasonable efforts to convene and conduct the Company Meeting as soon as practicable, and in any event, within fifty (50) days of the receipt of the SEC Clearance (and, in that regard, the Company shall abridge, as necessary, any time period that may be abridged under NI 54-101); provided that the Parent shall cooperate with the Company and use commercially reasonable efforts to set the record dates for, schedule and convene the Company Meeting and the Parent Meeting on the same date and at the same time;

(b)

in consultation with the Parent, fix and publish a record date for the purposes of determining the Company Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Company Meeting;

(c)

not adjourn, postpone or cancel (or propose or permit the adjournment, postponement or cancellation of) the Company Meeting except (i) as required by applicable Laws or a Governmental Entity, (ii) as required for quorum purposes (in which case the meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled), (iii) if at any time following the dissemination of the Company Circular, the Company reasonably determines in good faith that the Company Shareholder Approval is unlikely to be obtained at the Company Meeting (in which case the meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled); (iv) the Company Board shall have determined in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel) that it is necessary or appropriate to postpone or adjourn the Company Meeting in order to give Company Shareholders sufficient time to evaluate any information or disclosure that the Company has sent or otherwise made available to such holders by issuing a press release, filing materials with the Canadian Securities Authorities or otherwise; (v) as permitted by Section 9.3(b); (vi) with the Parent's prior written consent; or (vii) if the Parent adjourns or postpones the Parent Meeting (in which case the Company may adjourn or postpone the Company Meeting to the same date and time as the Parent Meeting); provided, that Company shall be permitted to postpone or adjourn the

A-21

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Company Meeting pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) and (iv) on no more than two occasions in the aggregate and no such adjournment shall delay the Company Meeting by more than ten (10) days from the prior-scheduled date or to a date that is on or after the fifth (5th) business day preceding the Outside Date;

(d)

promptly advise the Parent as the Parent may reasonably request, and at least on a daily basis on each of the last ten (10) business days prior to the date of the Company Meeting as to the aggregate tally of the proxies received by the Company in respect of the Arrangement Resolution;

(e)

promptly (and in no event later than two (2) business days after receipt of notice) advise the Parent of any written communication from any Company Shareholder in opposition to the Arrangement (except for non-substantive communications from any Company Shareholder that purports to hold less than 0.1% of Company Shares (provided that communications from such Company Shareholder are not substantive in the aggregate)), written notice of dissent or purported exercise by any Company Shareholder of Dissent Rights received by the Company in relation to the Arrangement Resolution and any withdrawal of Dissent Rights received by the Company and, subject to applicable Law, any written communications sent by or on behalf of the Company to any Company Shareholder exercising or purporting to exercise Dissent Rights in relation to the Arrangement;

(f)

unless the Company Board has made a Company Change in Recommendation in accordance with Section 7.4(a), solicit proxies in favour of the Arrangement Resolution and against any resolution submitted by any Company Shareholder (unless otherwise consented to by the Parent) and, in connection therewith, in consultation with the Parent, use the services of one or more proxy solicitation services (at the expense of the Company);

(g)

provide the Parent with copies of or access to information regarding the Company Meeting generated by any proxy solicitation services engaged by the Company, as requested from time to time by the Parent;

(h)

not change the record date for the Company Shareholders entitled to vote at the Company Meeting in connection with any adjournment or postponement of the Company Meeting unless required by the Court or by Law;

(i)

not make any compromise, payment or settlement offer, or agree to any compromise, payment or settlement with respect to, or otherwise negotiate any exercise of any Dissent Rights without the prior written consent of the Parent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); and

(j)

give notice to the Parent of the Company Meeting and allow its Representatives and legal counsel to attend the Company Meeting (including by virtual means).

2.5

Parent Meeting

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, as soon as reasonably practicable after SEC Clearance, the Parent shall:

(a)

duly call, give notice of, convene and conduct the Parent Meeting (including by virtual means) in accordance with the Parent's constating documents and applicable Laws as promptly as reasonably practicable, using commercially reasonable efforts to convene and conduct the Parent Meeting as soon as practicable, and in any event, within fifty (50) days of the receipt of the SEC Clearance; provided that the Parent shall cooperate with the Company and use commercially reasonable efforts to schedule and convene the Company Meeting and the Parent Meeting on the same date and at the same time;

(b)

in consultation with the Company, fix and publish a record date for the purposes of determining the Parent Stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Parent Meeting;

(c)

not adjourn, postpone or cancel (or propose or permit the adjournment, postponement or cancellation of) the Parent Meeting except (i) as required by applicable Laws or a Governmental Entity, (ii) as required for quorum purposes (in which case the meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled), (iii) if, after consultation with the Company and following the dissemination of the Parent Proxy Statement, Parent reasonably determines in good faith that the Parent Stockholder Approvals are unlikely to be obtained at the Parent Meeting (in which case the meeting shall be adjourned and not

A-22

TABLE OF CONTENTS

cancelled); (iv) the Parent Board shall have determined in good faith (after consultation with outside legal counsel) that it is necessary or appropriate to postpone or adjourn the Parent Meeting in order to give Parent Stockholders sufficient time to evaluate any information or disclosure that the Parent has sent or otherwise made available to such holders by issuing a press release, filing materials with the SEC or otherwise; (v) as permitted by Section 9.3(b), (vi) with the Company's prior written consent, or (vii) if the Company adjourns or postpones the Company Meeting (in which case the Parent shall adjourn or postpone the Parent Meeting to the same date and time as the Company Meeting); provided, that Parent shall be permitted to postpone or adjourn the Parent Meeting pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) and (iv) on no more than two occasions in the aggregate, and no such adjournment shall delay the Parent Meeting by more than ten (10) days from the prior-scheduled date or to a date that is on or after the fifth (5th) business day preceding the Outside Date;

(d)

promptly advise the Company as the Company may reasonably request, and at least on a daily basis on each of the last ten (10) business days prior to the date of the Parent Meeting, as to the aggregate tally of the proxies received by the Parent in respect of the Parent Charter Amendment and Parent Stock Issuance;

(e)

promptly (and in no event later than two (2) business days after receipt of notice) advise the Company of any written communication from any Parent Stockholder in opposition to the Arrangement, the Parent Charter Amendment or Parent Stock Issuance (except for non-substantive communications from any Parent Stockholder that purports to hold less than 0.1% of Parent Shares (provided that communications from such Parent Stockholder are not substantive in the aggregate));

(f)

unless the Parent Board has made a Parent Change in Recommendation in accordance with Section 8.4(a), solicit proxies in favour of the Parent Charter Amendment and Parent Stock Issuance and against any resolution submitted by any Parent Stockholder (unless otherwise consented to by the Company) and, in connection therewith, in consultation with the Company, use the services of one or more proxy solicitation services (at the expense of the Parent);

(g)

provide the Company with copies of or access to information regarding the Parent Meeting generated by any proxy solicitation services engaged by the Parent, as requested from time to time by the Company;

(h)

not change the record date for the Parent Stockholders entitled to vote at the Parent Meeting in connection with any adjournment or postponement of the Parent Meeting unless required by Law;

(i)

give notice to the Company of the Parent Meeting and allow its Representatives and legal counsel to attend the Parent Meeting (including by virtual means); and

(j)

propose that the only matters to be acted on by Parent Stockholders at the Parent Meeting are (i) the approval of the Parent Charter Amendment, (ii) the approval of the Parent Stock Issuance and (iii) if the Parent has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of Parent Shares to obtain the Parent Stockholder Approvals, the adjournment of the Parent Meeting to solicit additional proxies.

2.6

Preparation of Company Circular and the Parent Proxy Statement

(a)

Promptly following the entry into this Agreement, the Company shall prepare, together with any other documents required by the BCBCA, the Company's constating documents, Canadian Securities Laws and all other applicable Laws, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be filed with the TSX and the Canadian Securities Authorities as promptly as practicable after obtaining the Interim Order (with the making of such filing subject to the Parent furnishing the information required under Section 2.6(e)), the Company Circular relating to matters to be submitted to the Company Shareholders at the Company Meeting. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Company Circular to comply as to form and substance in all material respects with the rules and regulations promulgated by Canadian Securities Laws and the requirements of applicable Law, and to respond as promptly as practicable to any comments of the TSX, Canadian Securities Authorities or their respective staff. The Company will advise the Parent promptly after it receives any request by the TSX or Canadian Securities Authorities for amendment of the Company Circular or receives any comments thereon and responses thereto or any request by the TSX or Canadian Securities Authorities for additional information, and shall provide the Parent with copies of all

A-23

TABLE OF CONTENTS

substantive correspondence that is provided by or on behalf of it, on one hand, and by the TSX or Canadian Securities Authorities, on the other hand. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to resolve any comments from the TSX and Canadian Securities Authorities with respect to the Company Circular as promptly as reasonably practicable after receipt thereof. The Company agrees to permit the Parent (to the extent practicable) and its counsel, to participate in all substantive meetings and conferences with the TSX or Canadian Securities Authorities with respect to the foregoing matters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Company Circular (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any substantive comments of the TSX or Canadian Securities Authorities with respect thereto, the Company will (A) provide the Parent with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such document or response (including the proposed final version of such document or response), (B) consider in good faith for inclusion in such document or response all comments reasonably and promptly proposed by the Parent and (C) not file or mail such document or respond to the TSX or Canadian Securities Authorities prior to receiving the approval of the Parent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(b)

Promptly following the entry into this Agreement, the Parent shall prepare, together with any other documents required by U.S. Securities Laws and all other applicable Laws, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be filed with the U.S. SEC as promptly as practicable following the execution of this Agreement (with the making of such filing subject to the Company furnishing the information required under Section 2.6(f)), the Parent Proxy Statement relating to matters to be submitted to the Parent Stockholders at the Parent Meeting. The Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Parent Proxy Statement to comply as to form and substance in all material respects with the rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. SEC and the requirements of applicable Law, and to respond as promptly as practicable to any comments of the U.S. SEC or its staff. The Parent will advise the Company promptly after it receives any request by the U.S. SEC for amendment of the Parent Proxy Statement or receives any comments thereon and responses thereto or any request by the U.S. SEC for additional information, and the Parent shall provide the Company with copies of all substantive correspondence that is provided by or on behalf of it, on one hand, and by the U.S. SEC on the other hand. The Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to resolve any comments from the U.S. SEC with respect to the Parent Proxy Statement as promptly as reasonably practicable after receipt thereof. The Parent agrees to permit the Company (to the extent practicable) and its counsel, to participate in all substantive meeting and conferences with the U.S. SEC with respect to the foregoing matters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Parent Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding in writing to any substantive comments of the U.S. SEC with respect thereto, the Parent will (A) provide the Company with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such document or response (including the proposed final version of such document or response), (B) consider in good faith for inclusion in such document or response all comments reasonably and promptly proposed by the Company, and (C) not file or mail such document or respond to the U.S. SEC prior to receiving the approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(c)

The Company Circular shall: (i) include a copy of the Company Fairness Opinions; (ii) state that the Company Board has received the Company Fairness Opinions and the recommendation of the Special Committee, and, subject to the terms of this Agreement, has unanimously determined, after receiving legal and financial advice, that the Arrangement is fair to the Company Shareholders and that the Arrangement and entry into this Agreement are in the best interests of the Company; (iii) subject to the terms of this Agreement, contain the unanimous recommendation of the Company Board (subject to any abstentions due to entitlement to "collateral benefits" under MI 61-101) to Company Shareholders that they vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution; and (iv) include statements that each of the directors and senior officers of the Company has signed a Company Voting Agreement, pursuant to which, and subject to the terms thereof, they have agreed to, among other things, vote their Company Shares and/or Company Options in favour of the Arrangement Resolution.

(d)

The Parent Proxy Statement shall: (i) state that the Parent Board has evaluated the Arrangement in consultation with Parent's management and legal and financial advisors, and has unanimously determined that the Arrangement and entry into this Agreement are in the best interests of the Parent;

A-24

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(ii) subject to the terms of this Agreement, contain the unanimous recommendation of the Parent Board to Parent Stockholders that they vote in favour of the Parent Charter Amendment and Parent Stock Issuance; (iii) include a copy of the separate opinions of BMO Capital Markets Corp. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC to the Parent Board; (iv) include statements that each of the directors and senior officers of the Parent has signed a Parent Voting Agreement, pursuant to which, and subject to the terms thereof, they have agreed to, among other things, vote their Parent Shares in favour of the Parent Charter Amendment and Parent Stock Issuance; and (v) state the Company Director Nominees who shall become members of the Parent Board as of the Effective Time.

(e)

The Parent will promptly furnish to the Company such data and information relating to it, its Subsidiaries (including the Purchaser), the Consideration Shares and the holders of its capital stock, as is required by applicable Laws and as the Company may reasonably request for the purpose of including such data and information in the Company Circular and any amendments or supplements thereto, including any information required for the preparation by the Parent of any pro forma financial statements. The Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary consents from any of its auditors, Qualified Persons (as defined in NI 43-101), reserves evaluators or other advisors to the use of any financial, technical or other expert information required to be included in the Company Circular relating to it or its Subsidiaries (including the Purchaser) and to the identification in the Company Circular of each such advisor.

(f)

The Company will promptly furnish to the Parent such data and information relating to it, its Subsidiaries and the Company Shareholders, as is required by applicable Laws and as the Parent may reasonably request for the purpose of including such data and information in the Parent Proxy Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto, including any information required for the preparation by the Parent of any pro forma financial statements. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary consents from any of its auditors, Qualified Persons (as defined in NI 43-101), reserves evaluators or other advisors to the use of any financial, technical or other expert information required to be included in the Parent Proxy Statement relating to it or its Subsidiaries and to the identification in the Parent Proxy Statement of each such advisor.

(g)

The Parent and the Company shall each use reasonable best efforts to coordinate with each other to prepare common disclosure that will be included in both the Company Circular and the Parent Proxy Statement, and shall, to the extent reasonably practicable, provide that such disclosure is generally consistent as between the Company Circular and the Parent Proxy Statement.

(h)

The Parent and the Company shall make all necessary filings with respect to the Arrangement under the U.S. Securities Act and the U.S. Exchange Act and applicable blue sky laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Each Party will advise the other, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the issuance of any stop order, or the suspension of the qualification of the Consideration Shares issuable in connection with the Arrangement for offering or sale in any jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Parent will use reasonable best efforts to have any such stop order or suspension lifted, reversed or otherwise terminated.

(i)

If at any time prior to the Effective Time, any information relating to the Parent or the Company, or any of their respective affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by the Company or the Parent that should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to either of the Company Circular or the Parent Proxy Statement, so that such documents would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Party which discovers such information shall promptly notify the other Party and an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the U.S. SEC, the Canadian Securities Authorities or any other Governmental Entity as required, as applicable, and, to the extent required by applicable Law, disseminated to the Company Shareholders or the Parent Stockholders, as applicable.

A-25

TABLE OF CONTENTS

2.7

Final Order

If (A) the Interim Order is obtained, (B) the Company Shareholder Approval is obtained at the Company Meeting as provided for in the Interim Order and (C) the Parent Stockholder Approvals are obtained at the Parent Meeting, the Company shall (a) diligently pursue and take all steps necessary to submit the Arrangement before the Court as promptly as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within four (4) business days after the Company Shareholder Approval is obtained and (b) diligently pursue an application for the Final Order pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA.

2.8

Court Proceedings

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company will diligently pursue all Court proceedings relating to obtaining the Interim Order and Final Order, and the Parent will cooperate with, assist and consent to the Company in seeking the Interim Order and the Final Order, including by providing the Company on a timely basis any information reasonably requested or required to be supplied by the Parent in connection therewith. The Company will provide the Parent and its legal counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon drafts of all material to be filed with the Court in connection with the Arrangement, including by providing on a timely basis a description of any information to be supplied by the Parent for inclusion in such material, prior to the service and filing of such material, and will give reasonable consideration to all such comments. Subject to applicable Law, the Company will not file any material with the Court in connection with the Arrangement or serve any such material, and will not agree to modify or amend materials so filed or served, except as contemplated by this Section 2.8 or with the Parent's prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided that nothing herein shall require the Parent to agree or consent to any increase in Consideration or other modification or amendment to such filed or served materials that expands or increases the Parent's obligations set forth in any such filed or served materials or under this Agreement or the Arrangement. The Company shall also provide to the Parent's outside counsel on a timely basis copies of any notice of appearance or other Court documents served on the Company in respect of the application for the Interim Order or the Final Order or any appeal therefrom and of any notice, whether written or oral, received by the Company indicating any intention to oppose the granting of the Interim Order or the Final Order or to appeal the Interim Order or the Final Order. The Company will ensure that all materials filed with the Court in connection with the Arrangement are consistent in all material respects with the terms of this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement. In addition, the Company will not object to the Parent's legal counsel making such submissions on the hearing of the motion for the Interim Order and the application for the Final Order as such counsel considers appropriate, provided that the Company is advised of the nature of any submissions at least 24 hours prior to the hearing and such submissions are consistent with this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement. The Company will also oppose any proposal from any Person that the Final Order contain any provision inconsistent with this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, and, if at any time after the issuance of the Final Order and prior to the Effective Date, the Company is required by the terms of the Final Order or by Law to return to Court with respect to the Final Order, it shall do so after notice to, and in consultation and cooperation with, the Parent.

2.9

U.S. Securities Law Matters

The Parties agree that the Arrangement will be carried out with the intention that, and will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to ensure that, all Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement will be issued by the Parent in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act provided by section 3(a)(10) thereof and pursuant to exemptions from applicable state securities laws. In order to ensure the availability of the exemption provided by section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act and to facilitate the Parent's compliance with other U.S. Securities Laws, the Parties agree that the Arrangement will be carried out on the following basis:

(a)

the Court will be asked to approve the procedural and substantive fairness of the Arrangement;

(b)

pursuant to Section 2.4, the Court will be advised of the intention of the Parties to rely upon the exemption provided by section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act prior to the hearing required to approve the procedural and substantive fairness of the Arrangement to the Company Shareholders to whom the Consideration Shares will be issued;

(c)

the Court will be advised prior to the hearing to approve the Interim Order that its approval of the Arrangement will be relied upon as a determination that the Court has satisfied itself as to the

A-26

TABLE OF CONTENTS

procedural and substantive fairness of the Arrangement to all Company Shareholders who are entitled to receive Consideration Shares pursuant to the Arrangement;

(d)

the Company will ensure that each Person entitled to receive the Consideration Shares pursuant to the Arrangement will be given adequate notice, in a timely manner, advising them of their right to attend the hearing of the Court to give approval of the Arrangement and providing them with sufficient information necessary for them to exercise that right;

(e)

each Person entitled to receive the Consideration Shares will be advised that the Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and will be issued by the Parent in reliance on the exemption provided by section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act, and that certain restrictions on resale under U.S. Securities Laws, including, as applicable, Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act, may be applicable with respect to securities issued to Persons who are, or have been within 90 days prior to the Effective Time, affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act) of the Parent;

(f)

the Interim Order will specify that each Company Shareholder and each holder of Company Options will have the right to appear before the Court at the hearing of the Court to give approval to the Arrangement so long as they file and deliver a Response to Petition to the Company's legal counsel by no later than the date and time specified in the Interim Order;

(g)

the Court will hold a hearing approving the procedural and substantive fairness of the Arrangement before issuing the Final Order; and

(h)

the Final Order will expressly state that the Arrangement serves as the basis for a claim to the exemption provided by section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act from the registration requirements otherwise imposed by the U.S. Securities Act regarding the distribution of securities pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement and is approved by the Court as being substantively and procedurally fair to the Company Shareholders and the holders of Company Options.

2.10

Treatment of Company Incentive Awards

(a)

The outstanding Company Incentive Awards shall be treated in accordance with this Section 2.10 and the Plan of Arrangement.

(b)

Company Options. Prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, the Company shall take such action as may be required to conditionally accelerate the vesting of all unvested Company Options such that, without further action by or on behalf of the Company Option holders, following the Effective Time and pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, such Company Options will be deemed to be cancelled in exchange for the consideration set out in the Plan of Arrangement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, (i) to the extent that paragraph 110(1)(d) of the Tax Act is applicable to a holder of Company Options, the Company will elect under Subsection 110(1.1) of the Tax Act, in prescribed form, in respect of any Company Option of such holder cancelled pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, as applicable, that neither the Company, nor any person who does not deal at arm's length with the Company (within the meaning of the Tax Act), will deduct, in computing income for the purposes of the Tax Act, any amount in respect of a cash payment made to Company Option holders in consideration for the cancellation of their Company Options; and (ii) the Company will provide each Company Option holder who has surrendered their Company Options with evidence in writing of the election under Subsection 110(1.1) of the Tax Act to the extent that paragraph 110(1)(d) of the Tax Act is applicable to such holder of Company Options. The Company will pay to the holders of Company Options, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company Options in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 2.14, in respect of such Company Options.

(c)

Company PSUs. Prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, the Company shall take such action as may be required in order to ensure that all Company PSUs shall be fully vested pursuant to the terms of the Company LTIP and this Agreement such that all the Company PSUs will be redeemed by the Company for cash, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Company LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined

A-27

TABLE OF CONTENTS

as at the Value Determination Date) and the Plan of Arrangement. For the avoidance of doubt, (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the Value Determination Date for each Company PSU shall be determined based on the terms of the Company LTIP; and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the Value Determination Date for each Company PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of Continuing Employees; or (ii) 150% for Non-Continuing Employees. The Company will pay to the holders of Company PSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company PSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 2.14, in respect of such Company PSUs.

(d)

Company DSUs. Prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, the Company shall take such action as may be required in order to ensure that all Company DSUs shall be fully vested pursuant to the terms of the Company DSU Plan such that all the Company DSUs will all be redeemed by the Company for cash, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Company DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). The Company will pay to the holders of Company DSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company DSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 2.14, in respect of such Company DSUs.

(e)

Company RSUs. Prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, Company RSUs shall be treated as follows:

(i)

Company RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees ("Accelerated RSUs") will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of the Company LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). The Company will pay to the holders of such Accelerated RSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to them for their Accelerated RSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax Withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 2.14, in respect of such Company RSUs.

(ii)

Company RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be amended by multiplying each such Company RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of Company RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment (the "Revised Company RSUs"); (ii) upon the vesting of such Revised Company RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised Company RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of the Company LTIP, with reference to the trading price of the Parent Shares rather than the Company Shares; and (iii) such Revised Company RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of the Company LTIP and any document evidencing the Company RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in this Section).

2.11

Effective Date

(a)

The Arrangement shall become effective on the date that is three business days following the date on which all the conditions set forth in Section 6.1, Section 6.2 and Section 6.3 have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement (excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied until the Effective Date, but subject to the satisfaction or, where permitted, waiver of those conditions as of the Effective Date) unless another date or time is agreed to in writing by the Parties. From and after the Effective Time, the Plan of Arrangement will have all of the effects provided by applicable Law, including the BCBCA.

(b)

The closing of the Arrangement will take place remotely by electronic exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts) at 8:00 a.m. (Toronto time) on the Effective Date, or at such other time and place as may be agreed to by the Parties.

A-28

TABLE OF CONTENTS

2.12

Payment of Consideration

The Parent will, following receipt by the Company of the Final Order, and no later than the business day prior to the Effective Date determined in accordance with Section 2.11, deposit in escrow, or cause to be deposited in escrow, with the Depositary (the terms and conditions of such escrow to be satisfactory to the Parties, acting reasonably) sufficient Consideration Shares to satisfy the Consideration payable pursuant to the Arrangement. All payments of any kind in settlement or satisfaction of the rights of any registered Company Shareholder exercising Dissent Rights and all payments contemplated in Sections 2.10 and 5.12 including any payments made to holders of Company Incentive Awards and any payments to holders of Company RSUs will be made by, and from the funds set aside prior to the Effective Time by, the Company.

2.13

Announcement and Shareholder Communications

The Parent and the Company shall jointly publicly announce the transactions contemplated hereby promptly following the execution of this Agreement by the Parties, the text and timing of the announcement to be approved by each Party in advance, acting reasonably. The Parent and the Company agree to co-operate in the preparation of presentations, if any, to the Company Shareholders or the Parent Stockholders regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and neither the Parent nor the Company (except as permitted by Article 7) shall (a) issue any press release or otherwise make public announcements with respect to this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement without the consent of the other applicable Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or (b) make any filing with any Governmental Entity with respect thereto without prior consultation with the other applicable Party; provided, however, that each Party shall be permitted to make any disclosure or filing required under applicable Laws and the applicable Party making such disclosure shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to give prior oral or written notice to the other applicable Party and reasonable opportunity to review or comment on the disclosure or filing, and if such prior notice is not reasonably practicable, to give such notice immediately following the making of such disclosure or filing. To the extent reasonably practicable and permitted by Law, the Parent and the Company, as applicable, shall provide prior notice to the other applicable Party of any material public disclosure that it proposes to make regarding its business or operations, together with a draft copy of such disclosure. The receiving Party and its legal counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such information prior to such information being disseminated publicly or filed with any Governmental Entity and, if such prior notice is not possible, shall be given such notice immediately following the making of such disclosure or filing. Reasonable consideration shall be given to any comments made by the receiving Party and its counsel pursuant to this Section 2.13. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 2.13 related to the approval or contents of filings with Governmental Entities will not apply with respect to filings in connection with the Regulatory Approvals, the Company Circular, the Parent Proxy Statement, the Interim Order or the Final Order which are governed by other sections of this Agreement. The restrictions set forth in this Section 2.13 shall not apply to any release or public statement in connection with any dispute regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

2.14

Withholding Taxes

The Parent, the Company, the Depositary, their respective Subsidiaries and any other Person on their behalf, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts payable to any Person pursuant to the Arrangement and under this Agreement including amounts distributed to any former Company Shareholder or former holders of Company Incentive Awards, such amounts as the Parent, the Company, the Depositary and their respective Subsidiaries, or any Person on behalf of any of the foregoing, is or may be required or permitted to deduct or withhold with respect to such payment under the Tax Act, the U.S. Tax Code, or any provision of local, state, federal, provincial or foreign Law, in each case, as amended, or under the administrative practice of the relevant Governmental Entity administering such Law, and to request from any recipient of any payment hereunder any necessary tax forms or any other proof of exemption from withholding or any similar information. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes hereof as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. Any Person that deducts or withholds any amount pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall remit such deducted or withheld amounts to the applicable Governmental Entity. In any case where the amount so required or permitted to be deducted or withheld from any payment to a holder exceeds the cash portion of the consideration otherwise payable, the Parent, the Company, the Depositary, their respective Subsidiaries, and any Person on behalf of the foregoing, as the case may be, is authorized to sell or otherwise dispose of such portion of the consideration as is necessary in order to fully fund such liability, and such Person shall remit any unapplied balance of the net proceeds of such sale to the holder.

A-29

TABLE OF CONTENTS

2.15

U.S. Tax Matters

The Arrangement is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code and this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement are intended to be a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 368 of the U.S. Tax Code (the "Intended U.S. Tax Treatment"). In particular, for United States federal income tax purposes, the acquisition of Company Shares pursuant to the Arrangement shall be treated as an acquisition of such shares by a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. Each Party shall file all Tax Returns consistent with the Intended U.S. Tax Treatment, unless otherwise required by applicable Law. Following the Effective Date, the Parent will prepare and file in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulations (including by posting a copy on the investor relations section of its website) an Internal Revenue Service Form 8937 with respect to the Arrangement. Each Party shall act in a manner that is consistent with the Intended U.S. Tax Treatment, and, except as required by applicable Law, shall not take any action, or knowingly fail to take any action, if such action or failure to act would reasonably be expected to prevent the Arrangement from qualifying as a reorganization.

2.16

List of Shareholders

(a)

At the reasonable request of the Parent from time to time, the Company shall provide the Parent with a list (in both written and electronic form) of the registered Company Shareholders, together with their addresses and respective holdings of Company Shares, a list of the names and addresses and holdings of all Persons having rights issued by the Company to acquire Company Shares (including holders of Company Options, Company RSUs, Company PSUs and Company DSUs), a list of non-objecting beneficial owners of Company Shares, together with their addresses and respective holdings of Company Shares (provided such list may only be used in the manner prescribed in section 7.1 of NI 54-101). The Company shall from time to time furnish, and shall require that its registrar and transfer agent furnish, the Parent with such additional information, including updated or additional lists of the Company Shareholders, the holdings of such Company Shareholders, holders of Company Options, Company RSUs, Company PSUs, Company DSUs and other assistance as the Parent may reasonably request.

(b)

At the reasonable request of the Company from time to time, the Parent shall provide the Company with a list (in both written and electronic form) of the registered Parent Stockholders, together with their addresses and respective holdings of Parent Shares, and a list of the names and addresses and holdings of all Persons having rights issued by the Parent to acquire Parent Shares. The Parent shall from time to time furnish, and shall require that its registrar and transfer agent furnish, the Company with such additional information, including updated or additional lists of the Parent Stockholders, the holdings of such Parent Stockholders and other assistance as the Company may reasonably request.

2.17

Governance

The Parent covenants with the Company that it will take all actions necessary to ensure that, promptly following the Effective Time, two of the members of the Company Board shall be members of the Parent Board (the "Company Director Nominees") and at the next annual general meeting of the Parent held to consider the election of directors that occurs following the Effective Date, the Company Director Nominees shall be nominated by the Parent for election as a director of the Parent, provided that (i) the Company Director Nominees meet any applicable qualification requirements to serve as directors under applicable Laws, and (ii) the Company Director Nominees have delivered to the Parent a consent to act as a director of the Parent.

ARTICLE 3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

3.1

Representations and Warranties

Except as disclosed in (x) the forms, documents and reports filed or furnished by the Company on SEDAR+ or EDGAR (including all exhibits, supplements and schedules thereto and information incorporated by reference) and publicly available since January 1, 2023 and prior to the date hereof (but excluding any disclosures set forth in any "risk factors" section, any disclosures in any "forward looking statements" section and any other disclosures included therein in each case to the extent they are predictive or forward-looking in nature), or (y) the Company

A-30

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Disclosure Letter (which disclosures shall apply against any representations and warranties to which it is reasonably apparent it should relate), the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Parent and the Purchaser as follows, and acknowledges that the Parent and the Purchaser are relying upon such representations and warranties in connection with the entering into of this Agreement:

(a)

Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly incorporated or an entity duly created and validly existing under all applicable Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, continuance or creation, and has the requisite power and authority to own its assets and conduct its business as now owned and conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to carry on business and has authority to own, lease and operate properties, assets and carry on business as presently conducted, and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is applicable and in which the character of its properties or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. True and complete copies of the constating documents of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have been delivered or made available to the Parent, and no action has been taken to amend or supersede such documents.

(b)

Authority Relative to this Agreement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company Board and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or the consummation of the Arrangement, other than the Interim Order, the Final Order, approval of the Company Circular by the Company Board and the Company Shareholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable by the Parent and the Purchaser against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, and subject to the qualification that equitable remedies, including specific performance, may be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(c)

No Conflict; Required Filings and Consent.

(i)

The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance by it of its obligations hereunder and the completion of the Arrangement and the other transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (or would not with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both, or the happening of any other event or condition):

(A)

violate, conflict with or result in a breach of:

(1)

the constating documents of the Company or those of any of its Subsidiaries;

(2)

except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, any Company Material Contract or Authorization to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

(3)

any Law to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is subject or by which the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound, subject to receipt of the Regulatory Approvals and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(B)

except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, give rise to any right of termination, allow any Person to exercise any rights, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled, under any Contract or Authorization to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or

A-31

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(C)

give rise to any pre-emptive rights, including rights of first refusal or rights of first offer, or trigger any change in control provisions or any restriction or limitation under any Contract or Authorization, or result in the imposition of any Lien (other than a Company Permitted Lien) upon any of the Company's assets or the assets of any of its Subsidiaries, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(ii)

Other than obtaining the Regulatory Approvals, compliance with the rules and policies of the TSX and the NYSE American, as applicable, and obtaining the Interim Order and the Final Order, no Authorization of, or other action by or in respect of, or filing, recording, registering or publication with, or notification to, any Governmental Entity is necessary on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in order for the Company to proceed with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Arrangement and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Arrangement.

(d)

Subsidiaries.

(i)

The Company does not have Subsidiaries or hold, directly or indirectly, any interests in any Person, including any equity interests, other than those listed in Schedule 3.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter. Other than as provided herein, none of the Company's Subsidiaries is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiary's shares, or from repaying to the Company any loans or advances made thereto.

(ii)

The following information with respect to each of the Company's Subsidiaries is accurately set out in Schedule 3.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter: (A) its name; (B) the Company's percentage equity ownership of it and if applicable, any other shareholder's ownership of it; (C) capital stock; (D) its board of directors and any other officer; (E) its valid powers of attorney; and (F) its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation.

(iii)

The Company beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding securities of each of its Subsidiaries and there are no outstanding options, rights, entitlements, understandings or commitments (contingent or otherwise) to acquire any issued or unissued securities or other ownership interests in any of the Company's Subsidiaries.

(iv)

All of the issued and outstanding shares or other equity securities in the capital of each of the Company's Subsidiaries are: (A) validly issued, fully-paid and, where the concept exists, non-assessable (and no such shares or other equity interests have been issued in violation of any pre-emptive or similar rights) and all such shares or other equity interests are owned free and clear of all Liens (other than Company Permitted Liens); and (B) free of any other restrictions including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of shares or other equity interests.

(e)

Compliance with Laws and Constating Documents.

(i)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(e), the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is and, since January 1, 2023, has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws in each jurisdiction in which it conducts business and, to the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is under investigation with respect to any material violation of applicable Laws from any Governmental Entity, or has received any notice that any material violation of any Law is being or may be alleged from any Governmental Entity.

(ii)

As of the date hereof, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default (including cross defaults) under or in violation of its articles or by-laws or equivalent organizational documents, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Company Authorizations.

A-32

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(i)

The Company and its Subsidiaries have obtained, and are in compliance in all material respects with, all Authorizations required by Law (including Environmental Law) that are necessary to conduct their business as now being conducted, and such Authorizations are in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. True copies of all such material Authorizations have been made available to the Parent and are listed in Schedule 3.1(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter.

(ii)

The Company and its Subsidiaries have fully complied with and are in compliance with all such Authorizations, except, in each case, for such non-compliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(iii)

No action, investigation or proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of or regarding any such Authorization that would reasonably be expected to result in a suspension, loss or revocation of any such Authorization, except in each case, for revocations, non-renewals or amendments which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(g)

Capitalization and Listing.

(i)

The authorized share structure of the Company consists of an unlimited number of Company Shares without par value. As at the close of business on October 31, 2025, there were: (A) 791,714,742 Company Shares validly issued and outstanding as fully-paid and non-assessable shares of the Company; (B) 216,998 outstanding Company Options providing for the issuance of up to 216,998 Company Shares upon the exercise thereof; (C) 7,718,819 outstanding Company RSUs; (D) 6,019,525 outstanding Company PSUs, which are subject to a multiplier from 0% to 200% depending upon the achievement level of certain performance targets, providing for the issuance of up to 6,019,525 Company Shares upon the exercise thereof (assuming a 100% multiplier); and (E) 2,245,873 outstanding Company DSUs. Except for the Company Options, Company RSUs, Company PSUs and Company DSUs referred to in this Section 3.1(g) and as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) and Schedule 3.1(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (1) there are no other options, warrants, conversion privileges, calls or other rights, shareholder rights plans, agreements, arrangements, commitments, or obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries requiring any of them to issue or sell any shares or other securities of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries, or any securities or obligations convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or otherwise carrying or evidencing the right or obligation to acquire, any securities of the Company (including Company Shares) or any Subsidiary of the Company, and (2) no Person is entitled to any pre-emptive or other similar right granted by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. All Company Shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Company Options, Company RSUs, and Company PSUs will, when issued in accordance with the terms of their respective plans, as the case may be, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable, and are not and will not be subject to, or issued in violation of, any pre-emptive rights.

(ii)

Schedule 3.1(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date hereof, (A) the employee number and holdings of each Person who holds outstanding Company Options, Company RSUs, Company PSUs and Company DSUs, and (B) the exercise price of each Company Option.

(iii)

There are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Shares or any shares of any of its Subsidiaries, or qualify securities for public distribution in Canada or elsewhere, or with respect to the voting or disposition of any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No Subsidiary of the Company owns any Company Shares.

(iv)

All outstanding securities of the Company have been issued in material compliance with all applicable Laws and any pre-emptive or similar rights applicable to them.

(v)

There are no outstanding bonds, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any other agreements, arrangements, instruments or

A-33

TABLE OF CONTENTS

commitments of any kind giving any Person, directly or indirectly, the right to vote (or that are convertible or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the holders of the Company Shares on any matters, except Company Options, Company RSUs and Company PSUs.

(h)

Shareholder and Similar Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any shareholder, pooling, voting trust or other similar agreement relating to the ownership or voting of any issued and outstanding Company Shares or the shares of any of the Company's Subsidiaries.

(i)

Reporting Issuer Status.

(i)

The Company is a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada, is not on the list of reporting issuers in default (or the equivalent) under applicable Securities Laws in any such province or territory and is in material compliance with all Securities Laws applicable therein.

(ii)

The Company has not taken any action to cease to be a reporting issuer in any province of Canada, nor has the Company received notification from the Ontario Securities Commission, as principal regulator, or any other applicable securities commissions or securities regulatory authority of a province of Canada seeking to revoke the Company's reporting issuer status. No delisting of, suspension of trading in, or cease trade order with respect to, any securities of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, no inquiry or investigation (formal or informal) of any Canadian Securities Authority has occurred, is in effect or ongoing or, to the knowledge of the Company, has been threatened in writing with respect to the foregoing.

(j)

Reports. Since January 1, 2023, the Company has filed with all applicable Governmental Entities the Company Public Documents that the Company is required to file in accordance with applicable Securities Laws. The Company Public Documents as of their respective dates (and the dates of any amendments thereto): (A) did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (B) complied in all material respects with the requirements of applicable Securities Laws. Any amendments to the Company Public Documents required to be made have been filed on a timely basis with the applicable Governmental Entity. The Company has not filed any confidential material change report with any Governmental Entity which at the date hereof remains confidential.

(k)

Stock Exchange Matters.

(i)

The Company Shares are listed on the TSX and the NYSE American and are not listed or quoted on any market other than the TSX and the NYSE American.

(ii)

The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate governance rules and regulations of the TSX and the NYSE American. The Company has not taken any action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Company Shares on or from the TSX or the NYSE American.

(l)

Financial Statements.

(i)

The audited consolidated financial statements for the Company and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, including the notes thereto, the reports by the Company's auditors thereon and related management's discussion and analysis, have been, and all financial statements of the Company which are publicly disseminated by the Company in respect of any subsequent periods prior to the Effective Date will be, (A) prepared in accordance with IFRS applied on a basis consistent with prior periods and all applicable Laws, and (B) present fairly, in all material respects, the assets, liabilities (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and for the periods indicated therein, and its results of operations and cash flows for the respective

A-34

TABLE OF CONTENTS

periods covered thereby (except as may be indicated expressly in the notes thereto). There have been no material changes to the Company's accounting policies applied in the preparation of the aforementioned financial statements, except as described in the Company Public Documents, since December 31, 2024.

(ii)

The Company has: (A) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused them to be designed under the supervision of its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries is made known to the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company by others, particularly during the periods in which annual or interim filings are being prepared; and (B) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused them to be designed under such Chief Executive Officer's and Chief Financial Officer's supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.

(iii)

The Company has established "disclosure controls and procedures" and "internal control over financial reporting" (each as defined in NI 52-109) to the extent required by NI 52-109 and Securities Laws, and, as of the date hereof, the Company does not have knowledge, and has not been advised by its auditors, of any "material weakness" (as defined in NI 52-109), in each case, except as disclosed in the Company Public Documents.

(iv)

Since January 1, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company's knowledge, any Representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received or has knowledge of any complaint, allegation or claim, whether written or oral, alleging that the accounting or auditing practices or internal auditing controls of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are not compliant with applicable Laws or IFRS, which has not been resolved to the satisfaction of the audit committee of the Company Board.

(m)

Auditors. There is not now, and there has not been within the past ten (10) years, any reportable event (as defined in NI 51-102) with respect to the present or any former auditor of the Company, and, to the Company's knowledge, there has never been any such reportable event.

(n)

No Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, have no material outstanding liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent, unasserted or absolute, except for: (A) liabilities and obligations that are specifically presented on the audited balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2024 or disclosed in the notes thereto; (B) liabilities and obligations that are disclosed in the Company Public Documents; (C) liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course; or (D) liabilities and obligations incurred in connection with the Arrangement and this Agreement (including transaction related expenses).

(o)

Interest in Properties and Mineral Rights.

(i)

Schedule 3.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter discloses, as of the date of this Agreement: (A) all material real property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries ("Company Owned Real Property"); (B) all material real property leased, subleased, licensed and/or otherwise used or occupied (whether as tenant, subtenant, licensee or pursuant to any other occupancy arrangement) by the Company or its Subsidiaries, in each case, in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as it is now being conducted ("Company Leased Real Property" and together with the Company Owned Real Property, the "Company Property"); and (C) all Mineral Rights, concessions, leases, option agreements, exploration agreements, and mining claims and millsites of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are material to the operation of their business as currently conducted (collectively, with the Company Property, the "Company Mineral Interests").

(ii)

The Company or one of its Subsidiaries is the sole legal holder of record of, and is the sole legal registered and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to the Company Mineral Interests, free and clear of all Liens (except Company Permitted Liens). The

A-35

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Company or a Subsidiary enjoys peaceful and undisturbed possession of the Company Leased Real Property under Contracts pursuant to which the Company or a Subsidiary holds its interest in the Company Leased Real Property. All leasehold contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries are in good standing and are valid, binding, and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and there does not exist under any such lease any material default or any event which (with or without due notice of lapse of time or both) would constitute a material default, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with any material condition or restriction under any leasehold contracts.

(iii)

All of the mineral claims held by the Company in the Mineral Titles Online Registry maintained by the Province of British Columbia, the unpatented lode mining claims held by the Company in the Mining Lands Administration System maintained by the Province of Ontario and mineral concessions held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries comprising Company Mineral Interests, in each case, have been properly staked, located or registered and are recorded or in the process of being recorded in compliance with applicable Law in all material respects and are comprised of valid and subsisting mineral claims.

(iv)

The Company Mineral Interests are in good standing under applicable Law and, to the knowledge of the Company, all work required to be performed and filed in respect thereof has been performed in all material respects and filed, all Taxes, rentals, fees, expenditures and other payments in respect thereof have been paid or incurred in all material respects, and all material filings in respect thereof have been made. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company has a public or private right of access to all Company Mineral Interests. Without limiting the foregoing:

(A)

with respect to the unpatented mining claims held by the Company in the Mining Lands Administration System maintained by the Province of Ontario and comprising portions of the Company Mineral Interests (collectively, the "Company Unpatented Claims"), (1) all such Company Unpatented Claims are recorded in accordance with the requirements of the Mining Act (Ontario), (2) with regard to all Company Unpatented Claims, the Company has filed all required assessment work reports or filings in a timely manner and they were properly filed and recorded with the Province of Ontario and all Company Unpatented Claims are in good standing as of the date hereof, (3) any required fees regarding the Company Unpatented Claims have been paid to date and (4) the Company Unpatented Claims are not subject to any competing claims that would materially adversely affect the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, subject to any statutory or Crown reservations for such Company Unpatented Claims; and

(B)

with respect to any mineral claims held by the Company in the Mineral Titles Online Registry maintained by the Province of British Columbia comprising portions of the Company Mineral Interests (collectively, the "Company Mineral Claims"), (1) all such Company Mineral Claims are recorded in accordance with the requirements of the Mineral Tenure Act (British Columbia), (2) with regard to all Company Mineral Claims, the Company has filed all required reports of exploration and development work (or has made payment in lieu of conducting required exploration and development work) in a timely manner and they were properly filed and recorded with the Province of British Columbia and all Company Mineral Claims are in good standing as of the date hereof, (3) any required fees regarding the Company Mineral Claims have been paid to date, and (4) the Company Mineral Claims are not subject to any competing claims that would materially adversely affect the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, subject to any statutory or Crown reservations for such Company Mineral Claims.

A-36

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(v)

Except as set out in the Company Public Documents and in Schedule 3.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Person other than the Company and its Subsidiaries has any material interest in the Company Mineral Interests or the production or profits therefrom or any royalty or streaming or similar interest in respect thereof or any right to acquire any such interest from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(vi)

There are no back-in rights, earn-in rights, rights of first refusal or similar provisions or rights which would materially affect the Company's or a Subsidiary's interest in the Company Mineral Interests.

(vii)

There are no material restrictions on the ability of the Company and its Subsidiaries to (A) use or exploit the Company Mineral Interests in the manner currently used or exploited, or (B) transfer the Company Mineral Interests (other than as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter), except, in each case, any restrictions imposed by Law or the terms of the Company Mineral Interests.

(viii)

Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, whether written or oral, from any Governmental Entity or any Person of any revocation, annulment, suspension, expropriation, or challenge to ownership, adverse claim or intention to revoke, expropriate or challenge the interest of the Company or its Subsidiaries in any of the Company Mineral Interests and, to the knowledge of the Company, there is no intention or proposal to give such notice. There are no material disputes regarding boundaries, easements, rights of way, covenants or other matters relating to any of the Company Mineral Interests.

(ix)

Except as disclosed in the Company Public Documents, the Company and its Subsidiaries have all surface rights, including fee simple estates, leases, easements, rights of way and permits or licences from landowners or Governmental Entities permitting the use of land by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and Company Mineral Interests that are required as at the date of this Agreement to conduct its current operations.

(x)

All mines and mineral properties formerly owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which were abandoned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries were abandoned in all material respects in accordance with customary mining industry practice and standards and applicable Laws. The Company Public Documents accurately disclose, in all material respects, all material remediation and reclamation obligations known to the Company as of the applicable dates set forth in such Company Public Documents.

(xi)

With respect to the Company Mineral Interests, true and correct copies of all material title documents and any amendments thereto in the possession or control of the Company or its Subsidiaries have been made available to the Parent as of the date of this Agreement.

(xii)

The Company has provided the Parent with access to full and complete copies of all material exploration information and data within its possession or control including all material geological, geophysical and geochemical information and data (including all drill, sample and assay results and all maps) and all of its technical reports, feasibility studies and other similar reports and studies concerning the Company Mineral Interests and the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has the sole right, title and ownership of all such information, data, reports and studies.

(xiii)

The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company will not violate, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of, or require a consent, approval or notice under or constitute a default under or result in a right of termination under or with respect to any Company Mineral Interests.

(xiv)

All activities conducted on the (A) Company Mineral Interests and (B) the Cerro San Pedro mining project located in San Luis Potosí, Mexico by the Company or its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, by any other Person appointed by the Company, have been carried out

A-37

TABLE OF CONTENTS

in all material respects in accordance with customary mining industry practice and standards and applicable Laws, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any other Person, has received any notice of any material breach of any such applicable Laws.

(xv)

Except as set out in Schedule 3.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there have been no incidents of material non-compliance with safety legislation in connection with operations or activities at the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' mine sites in the 18 months preceding the date of this Agreement.

(xvi)

Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any Person which owns or controls the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has been notified by any Governmental Entity, that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is: (A) ineligible to receive any mining permit (including any surface mining permit); or (B) under investigation to determine whether their eligibility to receive such permits should be revoked.

(xvii)

Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries owns, in whole or in part, any real property that contains residential dwelling units.

(p)

Mineral Reserves and Resources. The estimates of mineral resources and mineral reserves for mineral properties for the Company or its Subsidiaries, as set forth in the Company Public Documents, were prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with customary mining, engineering, geoscience and other applicable industry standards and practices and disclosed, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable Laws, including the requirements of NI 43-101. There has been no material reduction in the aggregate amount of estimated mineral reserves, estimated mineral resources or mineralized material with respect to such properties, from the amounts most recently set forth in the Company Public Documents, with the exception of depletion in the ordinary course. The information provided by the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Qualified Persons (as defined in NI 43-101) in connection with the preparation of such estimates was accurate and complete in all material respects at the time such information was provided.

(q)

Scientific and Technical Information.

(i)

The Rainy River mine located in Ontario, Canada and the New Afton mine located in British Columbia, Canada are the only properties material to the Company for the purpose of NI 43-101. The technical reports prepared for the Company titled "NI 43-101 Technical Report, Rainy River Mine, Ontario, Canada" with an effective date of December 31, 2024 and "Technical Report, New Afton Mine, British Columbia, Canada" with an effective date of December 31, 2024 (collectively, the "Company Technical Reports") complied in all material respects with the requirements of NI 43-101 at the time of filing thereof. The Company made available to the authors of the Company Technical Reports, prior to issuance thereof, for the purpose of preparing such reports, all information requested by them and none of such information contained any Misrepresentation as of the time such information was provided. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of NI 43-101, has filed all technical reports required thereby, and there has been no material change of which the Company is aware that would materially disaffirm or materially change any aspect of the Company Technical Reports or that would require the filing of a new technical report under NI 43-101.

(ii)

The Company holds, through one of its Subsidiaries, the Cerro San Pedro mining project located in San Luis Potosí, Mexico, the operations of which are currently in a post-closure and remediation phase. All material scientific and technical reports and related information with respect to such project were duly filed with the competent mining and administrative authorities during the period in which the project was operational in Mexico, as well as those required in connection with the closure and remediation of the project. Copies of such reports and information have been made available, and none of such materials contained any Misrepresentation as of the date they were provided. The Company has complied in all material respects with all applicable technical reporting, post-closure and remediation

A-38

TABLE OF CONTENTS

requirements in respect of such project and further represents and warrants that the Cerro San Pedro project was duly completed in accordance with applicable mining obligations. There are no pending or outstanding administrative, environmental, or regulatory proceedings relating to the Cerro San Pedro project that would reasonably be expected to result in a material liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(r)

Personal Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and valid title to, or a valid and enforceable leasehold interest in, all personal property that is, individually or in the aggregate, material to the operation of the Company's business as currently conducted, free and clear of any Liens (other than Company Permitted Liens).

(s)

Employment Matters.

(i)

A complete list of each Company Employee who is at the manager level and above for the corporate office of the Company or who is on a site management team of the Company as at the date hereof has been made available to the Parent, together with each such Company Employee's (A) position, (B) work location (city and province), (C) date of hire, (D) annual base salary or hourly rate of pay, (E) any employment benefits of over $15,000 per Company Employee, and incentive or bonus arrangement, (F) bonus paid for the most recently completed year, (G) accrued vacation time, (H) status as active or inactive (and where inactive, the reason for such leave and expected date of return, if known), (I) age, and (J) whether on an indefinite or fixed term contract. The Company has provided a complete list of each Company Employee as at the date hereof setting forth each Company Employee's (A) position, (B) work location (city and province), (C) date of hire, (D) annual base salary or hourly rate of pay, (E) whether eligible for any incentive or bonus arrangement, (F) bonus paid for the most recently completed year, (G) accrued vacation time, (H) status as active or inactive (and where inactive, the reason for such leave and expected date of return, if known).

(ii)

The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have made available to the Parent the form(s) of the Contracts executed by each Company Employee who is at the manager level and above for the corporate office of the Company or who is on a site management team of the Company and the Contracts of all Company Employees are substantially in the form(s) of the Contracts made available to the Parent, and no Company Employee Contract materially deviates therefrom.

(iii)

Other than as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(s) of the Company Disclosure Letter or as provided for or permitted by this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any written or oral agreement providing for employment, severance, retention, bonus, golden parachute, change of control, or termination payments or entitlements to any current or former Company Employee in connection with the termination of their position or their employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in connection with the consummation of the Arrangement, or as a result of a change in control of the Company.

(iv)

Other than as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(s) of the Company Disclosure Letter, as at the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) is a party to any collective bargaining agreement, or (B) is subject to any union certification or application for certification or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or apparent union-organizing campaigns for employees not covered under a collective bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, no labour strike, lock-out, slowdown or work stoppage is pending or threatened against or directly affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. As at the date hereof, there are no employee associations, voluntary recognized or certified unions authorized to represent any of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(v)

All amounts due or accrued for all salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, sick days and benefits under the Company Benefit Plans have either been paid or are accurately reflected in the books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries in all material respects in accordance with IFRS or, in the case of bonuses or other incentive payments not yet determined, the Company has made reasonable accruals or estimates therefor in the books and

A-39

TABLE OF CONTENTS

records of the Company. All liabilities in respect of the Company Employees have or shall have been paid or accrued to the Effective Date, including premium contributions, remittances and assessments for employment insurance, employer health tax, Canada Pension Plan, income tax, workers' compensation and any other employment-related legislation.

(vi)

The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with all material terms and conditions of employment (including the terms of any applicable collective bargaining agreement) and applicable Laws relating to employment or termination of employment, including pay equity, employees' profit sharing (participación de los trabajadores en las utilidades de las empresas) obligations, subcontracting regime (régimen de subcontratación) in terms of the Mexican Federal Labor Law (Ley Federal del Trabajo), assignment of employees and personnel provision services, wages, hours of work, overtime, vacation, human rights, employer health tax and social security contributions payment, workers' compensation and occupational health and safety.

(vii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(s) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no material employment-related claims, complaints, investigations or orders under applicable Laws respecting employment now pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by or before any Governmental Entity as of the date of this Agreement.

(viii)

To the knowledge of the Company, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has properly characterized retained individuals as either employees or independent contractors for the purposes of Taxes and other applicable Laws, and none of them has received any notice from any Governmental Entity disputing such classification.

(ix)

Each and every Company Employee has all the necessary permits under applicable Laws to lawfully work in the country of their employment, including without limitation any working visa that may be required. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has the necessary permits to employ each and every Company Employee in terms of applicable Laws, including without limitation any migratory permit to hire foreign employees, as applicable.

(x)

Other than as provided for or permitted by this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, other than in the ordinary course (including annual cost-of-living salary increases or statutory collective bargaining agreements annual reviews), since December 31, 2024, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not granted or promised any Company Employee any extraordinary or special increases in compensation or benefits, or any payment of any bonus, or deferred compensation or similar arrangement.

(xi)

As of the date hereof, no Company Employee who is at the manager level and above for the corporate office of the Company or who is on a site management team of the Company has given written notice to the Company and/or its Subsidiaries of an intention to terminate employment and, to the knowledge of the Company, no such Company Employee intends to terminate employment. To the knowledge of the Company, no Company Employee has been wrongfully terminated for cause as provided by the Ley Federal del Trabajo.

(t)

Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the Company Public Documents, since December 31, 2024:

(i)

the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary course in all material respects and have not taken any steps to take any actions which, if taken after the date hereof, would require the Parent's consent pursuant to Section 5.1 of this Agreement;

(ii)

there has not been any damage, destruction or other casualty loss with respect to any asset owned, leased or otherwise used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not covered by insurance (other than in the ordinary course or regular wear and tear);

A-40

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there has not been any acquisition or disposition (including any reconveyance) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any property or asset that would be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than as expressly permitted by this Agreement;

(iv)

there has not been any material write down by the Company of the value of any of the material assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and

(v)

through to the date of this Agreement, there has not been any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(u)

Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(u) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no claims, actions, suits, demands, arbitrations, charges, indictments, orders, hearings or other civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings, or other investigations or examinations pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or affecting any of their properties or assets, before or by any Governmental Entity which, if adversely determined, would have, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect or would significantly impede the ability of the Company to consummate the Arrangement. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no events or circumstances which would reasonably be expected to give rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any such claim, action, suit, demand, arbitration, charge, indictment, order, hearing or other civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceeding, or other investigation or examination. There are no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions, or decrees against the Company or its Subsidiaries that materially and adversely impact the business, property or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries. At the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries currently intends to initiate any suit, action, claim or arbitration that would be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(v)

Intellectual Property. Schedule 3.1(v) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete list of all material registered and unregistered Intellectual Property of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries have sufficient rights to use or otherwise exploit the Intellectual Property necessary to carry on the business now operated by them and (i) there is no action, suit, proceeding or claim pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by others challenging the rights of the Company and its subsidiaries in or to any Intellectual Property which is necessary to carry on the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on, and as set out in the Company Public Documents, and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, the conduct of the business as currently carried on as set forth in the Company Public Documents, including the use of Intellectual Property, does not infringe upon the Intellectual Property of any Person in any material respect. To the knowledge of the Company, no Person is currently infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating any of the Intellectual Property owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries in any material respect.

(w)

Indigenous Claims. There are no material claims or actions with respect to Indigenous rights currently outstanding or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or pending, with respect to the Company Property. There are no material land entitlement claims having been asserted or any legal actions relating to Indigenous rights having been instituted with respect to the Company Property, and no dispute in respect of the Company Property with any Indigenous group exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or imminent which, if adversely determined, would have, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company Properties that were ejidos or communal property, as applicable, were disincorporated from the ejido regime and passed to the private property regime through the adoption of full ownership duly approved by the relevant assembly of ejidatarios, in which the requirements and formalities established by the applicable agrarian laws were fully complied with (the "Acts of Adoption of Full Ownership"). The relevant Acts of Adoption of Full Ownership were duly notarized before a notary public and registered before the National Agrarian Registry (Registro Agrario Nacional) and the corresponding Public Registry of Property (Registro Público de Propiedad). Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(w) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Company Property is a national, ejidal or communal land and adjoins ejidal or communal land and no Company Property is encroaching on any private, ejidal or

A-41

TABLE OF CONTENTS

communal property in respect of which any third party, ejido or community may be the owner under any title of ownership or resolution of endowment and/or restitution of land whatsoever. The Company has made available copies of all material agreements with Indigenous groups.

(x)

Community Relations. To the knowledge of the Company, no authorized representative of any community in the vicinity (including any ejido) of any of the Company Properties has communicated in writing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) a requirement that the consent of such community be obtained as a condition to continued operation of any such Company Property, (ii) except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(x), any violation related to agrarian, ejido or communal restrictions, including proceedings related to ejido donations or endowments or extensions or requests for ejido or agrarian appropriations or pre-emptive rights or similar rights in agrarian matters on any of the Company Properties, or (iii) a material increase in the compensation payments payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any community development or social framework or similar agreements as a condition to the continued operation of such Company Properties, other than such communications in the ordinary course.

(y)

No Expropriation. No property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries (including any Company Mineral Interests) has been taken or expropriated or suffered a similar proceeding by any Governmental Entity nor has any notice or proceeding in respect thereof been given or commenced nor, to the knowledge of the Company, is there any threat, intent or proposal to give any such notice or to commence any such proceeding.

(z)

Taxes.

(i)

Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it (taking into account any applicable extensions) prior to the date hereof and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all material respects.

(ii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(z) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Tax Return of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is under audit by any Governmental Entity, and no written or oral notice of such an audit has been received by the Company. The Company is not a party to, or otherwise subject to, a proceeding in which Taxes are being contested.

(iii)

Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid on a timely basis all material Taxes which are due and payable by it on or before the date hereof (including installments) and has provided accruals in accordance with IFRS in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Company for any Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period covered by such financial statements that have not been paid whether or not shown as being due on any Tax Returns. Since such publication date, no material liability in respect of Taxes not reflected in such statements or otherwise provided for has been assessed, proposed to be assessed, incurred or accrued, other than in the ordinary course.

(iv)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(z) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no material deficiencies, litigation, audits, claims, proposed adjustments or matters in controversy exist or have been asserted with respect to Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, is a party to any action or proceeding for assessment or collection of Taxes and no such event has been asserted or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective assets.

(v)

No claim has been made by any Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries, is or may be subject to Tax by that jurisdiction or is or may be required to file a tax return in that jurisdiction.

(vi)

There are no Liens with respect to Taxes upon any of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Company Permitted Liens).

A-42

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(vii)

Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has withheld, deducted or collected all material amounts required to be withheld, deducted or collected by it on account of Taxes and has remitted all such amounts to the appropriate Governmental Entity as required by Law. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied with all related information reporting, withholding and record retention requirements.

(viii)

There are no outstanding agreements, arrangements, elections, waivers or objections extending or waiving the statutory period of limitations applicable to any material claim for, or the period for the collection or assessment or reassessment of Taxes due from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, for any taxable period and no request for any such waiver or extension is currently pending.

(ix)

The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made available to the Parent true, correct and complete copies of all material Tax Returns, examination reports and statements of deficiencies for taxable periods, or transactions consummated, for which the applicable statutory periods of limitations have not expired.

(x)

None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, at any time, directly or indirectly transferred any property or supplied any services to, or acquired any property or services from, a Person with whom the Company or Subsidiary, as the case may be, was not dealing at arm's length (within the meaning of the Tax Act) for consideration other than consideration equal to the fair market value of such property or services at the time of transfer, supply or acquisition, as the case may be, nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries been deemed to have done so for purposes of the Tax Act.

(xi)

The Company and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the transfer pricing (including any contemporaneous documentation) provisions of each applicable Law, including for greater certainty, under section 247 of the Tax Act (and the corresponding provisions of any applicable provincial Law).

(xii)

There are no circumstances existing which could result in the material application of Section 78 or Sections 80 to 80.04 of the Tax Act, or any equivalent provision under provincial Law, to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as in accordance with past practices, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not claimed nor will they claim any reserve under any provision of the Tax Act or any equivalent provincial provision, if, as a result, any material amount could be included in the income of the Company or its Subsidiaries for any period ending after the Effective Date.

(xiii)

For the purposes of the Tax Act, any applicable Tax treaty and any other relevant Tax purposes (i) the Company is resident in, and is not a non-resident of, Canada, and is a "taxable Canadian Corporation" and (ii) each of its Subsidiaries is resident in the jurisdiction in which it was formed, and is not resident in any other country and if resident in Canada and is a corporation, is a "taxable Canadian corporation".

(xiv)

Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company (i) is, or has been, a member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary Tax group, other than a group the common parent of which is the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) has any liability for any material amount of Taxes of any Person (other than the Company or current or former Subsidiary of the Company) arising from the application of U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.1502-6 (or any analogous provision of U.S. state or local or non-U.S. Tax law) or as a transferee or successor.

(xv)

Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or is bound by or has any obligation under any material Tax Sharing Agreement.

(xvi)

The Company and each of its Subsidiaries retains all material tax, accounting and Corporate Records required by applicable Law to support any tax or accounting position, filing or claim made by them with respect to Taxes.

A-43

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(xvii)

Since December 31, 2024, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has not incurred any material liability for Taxes arising from transactions outside the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.

(xviii)

The Company and each of its Subsidiaries will not be required, as a result of (i) a change in accounting method for a Tax period ending on or before the closing of the Arrangement, (ii) any closing agreement with a Governmental Entity with respect to Taxes or (iii) any amounts received prior to the closing of the Arrangement, to include any material amount of additional taxable income for any Tax period beginning on or after the closing of the Arrangement. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries does not have an application pending with any Governmental Entity requesting permission for any change in accounting method that relates to its business.

(xix)

The total fair market value of all the shares that are held directly or indirectly by the Company and that are shares of "foreign affiliates" of the Company (for purposes of the Tax Act) does not exceed 75% of the total fair market value (determined without reference to debt obligations of any corporation resident in Canada in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest) of all the properties owned by the Company.

(xx)

Neither the Company, each of its Subsidiaries or any third party provider who has issued CFDIs in favor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are mentioned in the list provided under Article 69 B of the Código Fiscal de la Federación.

(xxi)

Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into, or participated in, any "listed transaction" within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.6011-4(b)(2).

(xxii)

Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a "distributing" corporation or a "controlled corporation" (each within the meaning of section 355(a)(1)(A) of the U.S. Tax Code) in any distribution of stock during the two (2) year period ending on the date of this Agreement that was purported or intended to be governed by section 355 of the U.S. Tax Code (or so much of section 356 of the U.S. Tax Code as relates to section 355 of the U.S. Tax Code).

(xxiii)

Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries currently is, or has been within the past five (5) years, a "controlled foreign corporation" within the meaning of section 957 of the U.S. Tax Code or a "passive foreign investment company" within the meaning of section 1297 of the U.S. Tax Code.

(xxiv)

(i) Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has taken or agreed to take any action that would prevent the Arrangement from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code and (ii) the Company is not aware of any agreement, plan or other circumstance that would prevent the Arrangement from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code.

(aa)

Books and Records.

(i)

The Corporate Records have been maintained in all material respects in accordance with all applicable Laws, and the minute books of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as made available to the Parent are complete and accurate in all material respects, except for minutes relating to the Arrangement or this Agreement.

(ii)

The financial books and records and accounts of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries: (A) have been maintained, in all material respects, in accordance with IFRS; (B) are stated in reasonable detail and accurately and fairly reflect, in all material respects, the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (C) accurately and fairly reflect, in all material respects, the basis for the Company's consolidated financial statements.

(bb)

Insurance. As at the date hereof, the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place the insurance policies disclosed in Schedule 3.1(bb) of the Company Disclosure Letter specifying the insurer, amount and nature of coverage, and the date through which coverage will continue by virtue of premiums already paid. All insurance maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in full

A-44

TABLE OF CONTENTS

force and effect and in good standing, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default, whether as to payment of premium or otherwise, and such insurance is reasonable and prudent in light of the size of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the nature of its business and operations. To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to make a claim thereunder on a timely basis (other than de minimis claims) or received notice or otherwise become aware of any intent of an insurer to either claim any default on the part of the Company or its Subsidiaries or not to renew any policy of insurance on its expiry. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain the insurance policies required by applicable Laws and any Company Material Contract, including all required insurance policies to operate their business as currently conducted.

(cc)

Non-Arm's Length Transactions. Other than employment, indemnification or compensation agreements entered into in the ordinary course, there are no current Contracts or other transactions currently in place (including relating to indebtedness by or to the Company or its Subsidiaries) between the Company or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any (A) officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) any holder of record or, to the knowledge of the Company, beneficial owner, of 10% or more of the voting securities of the Company, or (C) to the knowledge of the Company, any affiliate or associate of any officer, director or beneficial owner, on the other hand.

(dd)

Benefit Plans.

(i)

Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true and complete list of all material Company Benefit Plans. Current and complete copies of all the Company Benefit Plans as amended as of the date hereof have been delivered or made available to the Parent together with copies of all material documents relating to the Company Benefit Plans.

(ii)

No Company Benefit Plan:

(A)

is a "registered pension plan", a "retirement compensation arrangement", a "deferred profit sharing plan", or a "salary deferral arrangement", as each such term is defined in the Tax Act;

(B)

is a "multi-employer plan" as such term is defined in subsection 8500(i) of the Regulations of Tax Act;

(C)

contains a "defined benefit provision" as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Tax Act;

(D)

except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Company Disclosure Letter, provides for health and welfare benefits which are not fully-insured;

(E)

provides for retiree or post-termination benefits to Company Employees or former Company Employees or beneficiaries or dependents thereof (other than as required by applicable Laws); or

(F)

provides benefits to independent contractors.

(iii)

Each Company Benefit Plan is, and has been, established, registered (if required), amended, funded, operated, communicated, administered and invested in compliance with its terms and all Laws, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Company or its Subsidiaries. All employer and employee payments, contributions and premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each Company Benefit Plan, as of the date hereof, have been paid or remitted in all material respects in a timely fashion in accordance with its terms and all Laws; and all obligations in respect of each Company Benefit Plan have been properly accrued and reflected in the Company's financial statements.

(iv)

To the knowledge of the Company, there are no investigations by a Governmental Entity or material claims (other than routine claims for payment of benefits) pending involving any Company Benefit Plan, and to the knowledge of the Company no event has occurred which would reasonably be expected to give rise to such investigations or material claims (other than routine claims for payment of benefits).

A-45

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(v)

There has been no amendment to, or announcement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage under, any Company Benefit Plan and no Company Benefit Plan contains provisions permitting retroactive increase or payments on termination which, in each case, would materially increase the expense of maintaining such plan above the level of the expense incurred therefor for the most recent fiscal year.

(vi)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the execution of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation of the Arrangement pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement (whether alone or in conjunction with any subsequent events) would result in (A) any Company Employees receiving termination or severance pay or any increase in termination or severance pay upon any termination of employment after the date hereof, (B) acceleration of the time of payment or vesting or result in any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount payable or result in any other material obligation pursuant to any of the Company Benefit Plans, or (C) limiting or restricting the right of the Company or, after the consummation of the Arrangement, the Parent to merge, amend or terminate any of the Company Benefit Plans, other than those limits or restrictions pursuant to applicable Laws.

(vii)

There is no entity other than the Company or its Subsidiaries participating in any Company Benefit Plan.

(viii)

All data necessary to administer each Company Benefit Plan is in the possession of the Company or its Subsidiaries or its agents and is in a form which is sufficient for the proper administration of the Company Benefit Plan in accordance with its terms and, to the knowledge of the Company, such data is complete and correct in all material respects.

(ee)

Environmental. Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have or would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect:

(i)

since January 1, 2022, all facilities and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been conducted, and are now, in compliance with all Environmental Laws;

(ii)

the Company and its Subsidiaries are in possession of, and in compliance with, all Environmental Permits that are required to own, lease and operate the Company Mineral Interests and to conduct their respective business as they are now being conducted which are legal, valid, binding and in full force and effect, all of which appear in the name of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries;

(iii)

to the knowledge of the Company, no Environmental Liabilities presently exist with respect to any portion of any currently or formerly owned, leased, used or otherwise controlled property, interests and rights or relating to the operations and business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, there is no basis for any such Environmental Liabilities to arise in the future as a result of any of the Company's activities in respect of such property, interests, rights, operations and business;

(iv)

neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any proceeding, application, order or directive from any Governmental Entity which relates to environmental matters and which may require any material work, repairs, construction or expenditures, or create any additional Environmental Liabilities, and to the knowledge of the Company, there are no pending environmental claims;

(v)

the Company has posted with the relevant regulatory authorities all financial assurance required to be posted pursuant to Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits, including any financial assurance required in connection with reclamation, remediation or closure plans for (A) the Company Mineral Interests, and (B) the Cerro San Pedro mining project located in San Luis Potosí, Mexico;

(vi)

to the knowledge of the Company, there are no changes in the status, terms or conditions of any Environmental Permits held by the Company or its Subsidiaries or any renewal, modification, revocation, reassurance, alteration, transfer or amendment of any such

A-46

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Environmental Permits, or any review by, or approval of, any Governmental Entity of such Environmental Permits or in connection with the execution or delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein or the continuation of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries following the Effective Date; and

(vii)

the Company and its Subsidiaries have made available to the Parent true, correct and complete copies of all material audits, studies, plans, assessments, investigation reports (including Phase I and Phase II environmental site assessments) and regulatory correspondence with respect to environmental matters in their possession or control.

(ff)

Company Material Contracts. Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all of the Company Material Contracts to which the Company and its Subsidiaries are parties, all of which are in full force and effect and are enforceable in accordance with their terms with respect to each of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all the terms of the Company Material Contracts to which it is a party. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(ff) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach of, or default under, any Company Material Contract to which it is a party or bound, nor does the Company have knowledge of any condition that with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would result in such a breach or default, except in each case where any such breaches or defaults would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be, or result in, a Company Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries knows of, or has received written notice of, any breach or default under (nor, to the knowledge of the Company, does there exist any condition which with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would result in such a breach or default under) any such Company Material Contract by any other party thereto except where any such violation or default would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be, or result in, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to the Parent true and complete copies of all of the Company Material Contracts. All Company Material Contracts are legal, valid, binding and in full force and effect and are enforceable by the Company (or a Subsidiary of the Company, as the case may be) in accordance with their respective terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other applicable Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and subject to the qualification that equitable remedies may be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that any party to a Company Material Contract intends to cancel, terminate, materially modify or not renew such Company Material Contract.

(gg)

Standstill Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has waived any Company Standstill Agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a Party, except to permit submissions of expressions of interest prior to the date of this Agreement.

(hh)

Whistleblower Reporting. No employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor any legal counsel representing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of any Securities Laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar material violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or independent contractors to the Company's management, or audit committee (or other committee designated for such purpose) of the Company Board.

(ii)

Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or restricting any acquisition of property by the Company or any such Subsidiary or the conduct of business by the Company or any such Subsidiary as currently conducted (including following the transaction contemplated by this Agreement), other than the Company Credit Agreement and such agreements, judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(jj)

Brokers. Except as set out in Schedule 3.1(jj) of the Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or

A-47

TABLE OF CONTENTS

finder's fees on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. A true and complete copy of the engagement letter between the Company and each Company Financial Advisor has been made available to the Parent.

(kk)

Corrupt Practices Legislation.

(i)

None of the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliates, nor, to the Company's knowledge, any of their Representatives or other Persons acting on behalf of the Company or any its Subsidiaries or affiliates has, directly or indirectly, offered, promised, agreed, paid, authorized, given or taken any act in furtherance of any such offer, promise, agreement, payment or authorization on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries, anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any official of a Governmental Entity, any political party or official thereof or any candidate for political office, for the purpose of any of the following:

(A)

influencing any action or decision of such person in such person's official capacity, including a decision to fail to perform such person's official function in order to obtain or retain an advantage in the course of business;

(B)

inducing such person to use such person's influence with any Governmental Entity to affect or influence any act or decision of such Governmental Entity to assist the Company or one of its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for, with, or directing business to, any Person or otherwise to obtain or retain an advantage in the course of business; or

(C)

to assist the Company or one of its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for, with, or directing business to, any Person.

(ii)

None of the Company and its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective Representatives has, directly or indirectly, taken any action that is prohibited by or would cause the Company or one of its Subsidiaries to be in violation of the substantive prohibitions or requirements of the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (United States), the Mexican Anticorruption System Law (Ley General del Sistema Nacional Anticorrupción), the Mexican General Administrative Liabilities Law (Ley General de Responsabilidades Administrativas), the Federal Law for the Prevention and Identification of Operations with Resources of Illicit Origin (Ley Federal para la Prevención e Identificación de Operaciones con Recursos de Procedencia Ilícita), and the Federal Penal Code (Código Penal Federal) as amended or any law of similar effect prohibiting corruption, bribery and money laundering in any jurisdiction in which it conducts its business and to which it is subject (collectively, "Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law"). Neither the Company, nor its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, their respective Representatives, has violated any Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law and, to the knowledge of the Company, no condition or circumstances exist that would form the basis of any such allegations.

(iii)

All contracts and arrangements between the Company or one of its Subsidiaries and any other Person are in compliance with Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law. Since January 1, 2023, the Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained policies and procedures applicable to it and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives in place in respect thereof as are appropriate to prevent and detect violations of Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law.

(iv)

None of the Company or its Subsidiaries nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives has (A) conducted or initiated any review, audit or internal investigation that concluded that the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives has materially violated any Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law, or (B) made a voluntary, directed or involuntary disclosure to any Governmental Entity responsible for enforcing Company Applicable Anti-Corruption

A-48

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Law, in each case with respect to any alleged act or omission arising under or relating to material non-compliance with any such Laws, or received any notice, request or citation from any person alleging material non-compliance with any such Laws.

(v)

The Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained systems of internal controls intended to ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective Representatives, with Company Applicable Anti-Corruption Law.

(ll)

Sanctions.

(i)

Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or employees nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agents or persons acting on any of their behalf: (A) is a Restricted Party; or (B) has received written notice of, or has knowledge of, any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation against it with respect to Sanctions by any Sanctions Authority.

(ii)

None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries any director, officer, employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are: (A) the subject/target of any Sanctions, or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions, including Russia, Crimea, Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic of Ukraine, the Kherson and the Zaporizhzhia oblasts of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria.

(iii)

The Company, its Subsidiaries, their respective directors, officers, employees and, to the knowledge of the Company, agents are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions. The Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable Sanctions.

(iv)

Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly engaged in, or is now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person or in property that is owned, held or controlled by or on behalf of any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was a Restricted Party or the subject of Sanctions, in violation of Sanctions.

(mm)

Modern Slavery

(i)

The Company and its Subsidiaries have acted in compliance with the fundamental principles defined and protected by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the fundamental principles of the International Labor Organization and rules relating to the prohibition of forced labour, child labour and human trafficking in their operations and supply chains.

(ii)

The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the requirements of applicable Modern Slavery Laws.

(iii)

The Company and its Subsidiaries have customary policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable Modern Slavery Laws.

(nn)

Bankruptcy. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has commenced or contemplated any proceeding, or filed or contemplated the filing of any petition, in any court relating to the bankruptcy, concurso mercantil, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution, liquidation or relief from debtors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including pursuant to any corporate law relating to arrangements, reorganizations or restructurings). There is no legal basis for the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(oo)

Privacy and Security.

(i)

The Company and its Subsidiaries (A) are in material compliance with applicable Privacy Laws, and (B) have implemented and maintained measures designed to provide reasonable assurance that each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) comply with applicable Privacy Laws; and (ii) will not collect, acquire, fail to secure, share, disclose, use, or otherwise process Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with applicable Privacy Laws, any

A-49

TABLE OF CONTENTS

notice to or consent from the provider of Personal Information, any Contract to which the each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a party that is applicable to such Personal Information, or any privacy policy or privacy statement from time to time published or otherwise made available by the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Persons to whom the Personal Information relates.

(ii)

With respect to all Personal Information collected by the Company and its Subsidiaries, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has taken steps required and reasonably necessary to protect such Personal Information against loss and against unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or other misuse, including implementing and monitoring compliance with reasonable measures with respect to technological, organizational and physical security of such Personal Information. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has commercially reasonable safeguards in place designed to protect Personal Information in its possession or control from loss, unauthorized access, use or disclosure, including by its officers, employees, independent contractors and consultants. To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of, or other misuse of any Personal Information in the custody or control of the Parent or its Subsidiaries.

(iii)

Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries have received any notice of any claims, investigations or alleged violations of applicable Privacy Laws including with respect to Personal Information collected or possessed by or otherwise subject to the control of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

3.2

Survival of Representations and Warranties

The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall not survive the completion of the Arrangement and shall expire and be terminated on the earlier of the Effective Time and the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.

ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT AND THE PURCHASER

4.1

Representations and Warranties

Except as disclosed in (x) the forms, documents and reports filed or furnished by Parent on EDGAR and SEDAR+ (including all exhibits, supplements and schedules thereto and information incorporated by reference) and publicly available since January 1, 2023 and prior to the date hereof (but excluding any disclosures set forth in any "risk factors" section, any disclosures in any "forward looking statements" section and any other disclosures included therein in each case to the extent they are predictive or forward-looking in nature) or (y) the Parent Disclosure Letter (which disclosures shall apply against any representations and warranties to which it is reasonably apparent it should relate), the Parent and the Purchaser jointly and severally hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows, and acknowledge that the Company is relying upon such representations and warranties in connection with the entering into of this Agreement:

(a)

Organization and Qualification. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, the Parent, the Purchaser and each of the Parent Material Subsidiaries is duly incorporated or an entity duly created and validly existing under all applicable Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, continuance or creation and has the requisite power and authority to own its assets and conduct its business as now owned and conducted. The Parent and each of the Parent Material Subsidiaries is duly qualified to carry on business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. True and complete copies of the constating documents of the Parent and each of the Parent Material Subsidiaries have been delivered or made available to the Company, and no action has been taken to amend or supersede such documents.

(b)

Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each of the Parent and the Purchaser has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parent and the Purchaser and the performance

A-50

TABLE OF CONTENTS

by the Parent and the Purchaser of their obligations under this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Parent Board and the Purchaser Board and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Parent or the Purchaser or vote of any holders of any class of securities of the Parent are necessary to authorize this Agreement or consummate the Arrangement or other transactions contemplated hereby, other than the Parent Stockholder Approvals. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Parent and the Purchaser and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Parent and the Purchaser, enforceable by the Company against the Parent and the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, and subject to the qualification that equitable remedies, including specific performance, may be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction.

(c)

No Conflict; Required Filings and Consent.

(i)

The execution and delivery by each of the Parent and the Purchaser of this Agreement and the performance by it of its obligations hereunder and the completion of the Arrangement and the other transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (or would not with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both, or the happening of any other event or condition):

(A)

violate, conflict with or result in a breach of:

(1)

the constating documents of the Parent or those of any of its Subsidiaries;

(2)

any Parent Material Contract or Authorization to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is bound, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; or

(3)

any Law to which the Parent or its Subsidiaries is subject or by which the Parent or its Subsidiaries is bound, subject to receipt of the Regulatory Approvals, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect;

(B)

give rise to any right of termination, allow any Person to exercise any rights, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled, under any Contract or Authorization to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; or

(C)

give rise to any pre-emptive rights including rights of first refusal or rights of first offer, or trigger any change in control provisions or any restriction or limitation under any Contract or Authorization, or result in the imposition of any Lien (other than a Parent Permitted Lien) upon any of the Parent's assets or the assets of any of its Subsidiaries, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(ii)

Other than obtaining the Regulatory Approvals, compliance with the rules and policies of the TSX and the NYSE, and obtaining the Interim Order and the Final Order, no Authorization of, or other action by or in respect of, or filing, recording, registering or publication with, or notification to, any Governmental Entity is necessary on the part of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in order for the Parent to proceed with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Arrangement and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(d)

Subsidiaries.

(i)

As of the date of this Agreement, the Parent owns, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding equity interests in the Purchaser.

A-51

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(ii)

No Parent Material Subsidiary is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Parent, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiary's shares to the Parent, or from repaying to the Parent any loans or advances made thereto.

(iii)

The following information with respect to each Parent Material Subsidiary (other than the Purchaser) is accurately set out in the Parent's annual report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2024 forming part of the Parent Public Documents: (A) its name; (B) the Parent's percentage equity ownership of it; and (C) its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation.

(iv)

The Parent beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding securities of each Parent Material Subsidiary and there are no outstanding options, rights, entitlements, understandings or commitments (contingent or otherwise) to acquire any issued or unissued securities or other ownership interests in any Parent Material Subsidiary.

(v)

All of the outstanding stock or other equity securities in the capital of each Parent Material Subsidiary are: (A) validly issued, fully-paid and, where the concept exists, non-assessable (and no such stock or other equity interests have been issued in violation of any pre-emptive or similar rights) and all such stock or other equity interests are owned free and clear of all Liens (other than Parent Permitted Liens); and (B) free of any other restrictions including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of shares or other equity interests.

(e)

Compliance with Laws and Constating Documents.

(i)

The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is and, since January 1, 2023, has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Laws in each jurisdiction in which it conducts business and, except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(e)(i) of the Parent Disclosure Letter and to the knowledge of the Parent, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is under investigation with respect to any material violation of applicable Laws from any Governmental Entity, or has received any notice that any material violation of any Law is being or may be alleged from any Governmental Entity.

(ii)

Pursuant to the DGCL, no appraisal rights are available to Parent Stockholders with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

(iii)

As of the date hereof, none of the Parent or its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default (including cross defaults) under or in violation of its articles or by-laws or equivalent organizational documents, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Parent Authorizations.

(i)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(f) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, the Parent and its Subsidiaries have obtained, and are in compliance in all material respects with, all Authorizations required by Law (including Environmental Law) that are necessary to conduct their business as now being conducted, and such Authorizations are in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. True copies of all such material Authorizations have been made available to the Company.

(ii)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries have fully complied with and are in compliance with all such Authorizations, except, in each case, for such non-compliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(iii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(f) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no action, investigation or proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of or regarding any such Authorization that would reasonably be expected to result in a suspension, loss or revocation of any such Authorization, except in each case, for revocations, non-renewals or amendments which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

A-52

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(g)

Capitalization and Listing.

(i)

The authorized capital stock of the Parent consists of 900,000,000 Parent Shares. As at the close of business on October 31, 2025, there were: (A) 642,204,955 Parent Shares validly issued and outstanding as fully-paid and non-assessable shares of the Parent; (B) 113,587 restricted share units providing for the issuance of up to 113,587 Parent Shares upon the settlement thereof; (C) 4,762,440 outstanding performance share units providing for the issuance of up to 11,349,323 Parent Shares upon the settlement thereof; and (D) 191,425 outstanding options to acquire Parent Shares providing for the issuance of up to 191,425 Parent Shares upon the exercise thereof. (1) There are no other options, warrants, conversion privileges, calls or other rights, shareholder rights plans, agreements, arrangements, commitments, or obligations of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries requiring any of them to issue or sell any shares or other securities of the Parent or of any of its Subsidiaries, or any securities or obligations convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or otherwise carrying or evidencing the right or obligation to acquire any securities of the Parent (including Parent Shares) or any Subsidiary of the Parent, and (2) except as disclosed in the Parent Public Documents, no Person is entitled to any pre-emptive or other similar right granted by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(g)(ii) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Parent Shares or any shares of any of its Subsidiaries, or qualify securities for public distribution in Canada or elsewhere, or with respect to the, voting or disposition of any securities of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. No Subsidiary of the Parent owns any Parent Shares.

(iii)

All outstanding securities of the Parent have been issued in material compliance with all applicable Laws and any pre-emptive or similar rights applicable to them.

(iv)

There are no outstanding bonds, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or any other agreements, arrangements, instruments or commitments of any kind giving any Person, directly or indirectly, the right to vote (or that are convertible or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the holders of the Parent Shares on any matters.

(v)

All Consideration Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable Securities Laws and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable Parent Shares, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created by the holders thereof on issuance).

(h)

Shareholder and Similar Agreements. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any shareholder, pooling, voting trust or other similar agreement relating to the ownership or voting of any issued and outstanding Parent Shares or the shares of any Subsidiaries of the Parent.

(i)

Reporting Issuer Status.

(i)

As of the date hereof, the Parent is a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada, is not on the list of reporting issuers in default (or the equivalent) under applicable Securities Laws in any such province or territory and is in material compliance with all Securities Laws applicable therein.

(ii)

The Parent has not taken any action to cease to be a reporting issuer in any province or territory of Canada nor has the Parent received notification from the Ontario Securities Commission, as principal regulator, or any other applicable securities commissions or securities regulatory authority of a province or territory of Canada seeking to revoke the Parent's reporting issuer status. No delisting of, suspension of trading in, or cease trade order with respect to, any securities of the Parent and, to the knowledge of the Parent, no inquiry or investigation (formal or informal) of any Canadian Securities Authority has occurred, is in effect or ongoing or, to the knowledge of the Parent, has been threatened in writing with respect to the foregoing.

A-53

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iii)

The Parent is not an investment company and is not required to be registered as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act.

(j)

Reports. Since January 1, 2023, the Parent has filed with all applicable Governmental Entities the Parent Public Documents that the Parent is required to file in accordance with applicable Securities Laws. The Parent Public Documents as of their respective dates (and the dates of any amendments thereto): (i) did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (ii) complied in all material respects with the requirements of applicable Securities Laws. Any amendments to the Parent Public Documents required to be made have been filed on a timely basis with the applicable Governmental Entity. The Parent has not filed any confidential material change report with any Governmental Entity which at the date hereof remains confidential and, except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(j) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, does not have any unresolved comments from the staff of the U.S. SEC.

(k)

Stock Exchange Matters.

(i)

The Parent Shares are listed on the NYSE and are not listed or quoted on any market other than the NYSE.

(ii)

The Parent is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate governance rules and regulations of the NYSE. The Parent has not taken any action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Parent Shares on or from the NYSE.

(l)

Financial Statements.

(i)

The audited consolidated financial statements for the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, including the notes thereto, the reports by the Parent's auditors thereon and related management's discussion and analysis, have been, and all financial statements of the Parent which are publicly disseminated by the Parent in respect of any subsequent periods prior to the Effective Date will be, (A) prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior periods and all applicable Laws, and (B) present fairly, in all material respects, the assets, liabilities (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and for the periods indicated therein, and its results of operations and cash flows for the respective periods covered thereby (except as may be indicated expressly in the notes thereto). There have been no material changes to the Parent's accounting policies applied in the preparation of the aforementioned financial statements, except as described in the Parent Public Documents, since December 31, 2024.

(ii)

The Parent has established and maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in applicable U.S. Securities Laws); such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Parent, including its consolidated Subsidiaries, required to be disclosed by the Parent in the reports that it files or submits under applicable U.S. Securities Laws is accumulated and communicated to the Parent's principal executive officer and its principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; and such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Parent in the reports that it files or submits under applicable U.S. Securities Laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable U.S. Securities Laws, and further designed and maintained to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Parent's financial reporting and the preparation of the Parent financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. There is no significant deficiency or material weakness in the design or operation of internal controls of financial reporting (as defined in applicable U.S. Securities Laws) utilized by the Parent or its Subsidiaries, and, since January 1, 2024, there has not been, any illegal act or fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Parent's internal controls. The principal executive officer and the principal financial

A-54

TABLE OF CONTENTS

officer of the Parent have made all certifications required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the U.S. Exchange Act and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. SEC with respect to the Parent Public Documents, and the statements contained in such certifications were complete and correct in all material respects as of the dates they were made.

(iii)

Since January 1, 2024, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Parent's knowledge, any Representative of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has received any complaint, allegation or claim, whether written or oral, alleging that the accounting or auditing practices or internal auditing controls of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries are not compliant with applicable Laws or GAAP, which has not been resolved to the satisfaction of the audit committee of the Parent Board.

(m)

No Undisclosed Liabilities. The Parent and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, have no material outstanding liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent, unasserted or absolute, except for: (A) liabilities and obligations that are specifically presented on the audited balance sheet of the Parent as of December 31, 2024 or disclosed in the notes thereto; (B) liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary course; or (C) liabilities and obligations incurred in connection with the Arrangement and this Agreement (including transaction related expenses).

(n)

Interest in Properties and Mineral Rights.

(i)

Schedule 4.1(n) of the Parent Disclosure Letter discloses, as of the date of this Agreement: (A) all material real property owned by the Parent and its Subsidiaries ("Parent Owned Real Property"); (B) all material real property leased, subleased, licensed and/or otherwise used or occupied (whether as tenant, subtenant, licensee or pursuant to any other occupancy arrangement) by the Parent or its Subsidiaries, in each case, in connection with the operation of the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as it is now being conducted ("Parent Leased Real Property" and together with the Parent Owned Real Property, the "Parent Property"); and (C) all Mineral Rights, concessions, leases, option agreements, exploration agreements, and mining claims and millsites of the Parent and its Subsidiaries that are material to the operation of their business as currently conducted (collectively, with the Parent Property, the "Parent Mineral Interests").

(ii)

The Parent or one of its Subsidiaries is the sole legal holder of record of, and is the sole legal registered and beneficial owner of, and has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold or other contractual interest in, the Parent Mineral Interests, and owns good and marketable title to all fee surface and minerals, patented mining claims and government lots comprising portions of the Parent Owned Real Property, free and clear of all Liens (except the Parent Permitted Liens) and claims. All leasehold contracts of the Parent and its Subsidiaries are in good standing and are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and there does not exist under any such lease any material default or any event which (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) would constitute a material default, and the Parent and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with any material condition or restriction under any leasehold contracts.

(iii)

All of the mineral claims held by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in the Mineral Titles Online Registry maintained by the Province of British Columbia, the unpatented lode mining claims and mineral concessions comprising Parent Mineral Interests, in each case, have been properly located and are recorded or in the process of being recorded in compliance with applicable Law in all material respects and are comprised of valid and subsisting mineral claims.

(iv)

The Parent Mineral Interests are in good standing under applicable Law and, to the knowledge of the Parent, all work required to be performed and filed in respect thereof has been performed and filed in all material respects, all Taxes, rentals, fees, expenditures and other payments in respect thereof have been paid or incurred in all material respects, and all material filings in respect thereof, including applications for renewals or extensions of the

A-55

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Mineral Rights comprising the Parent Mineral Interests, have been made. To the knowledge of the Parent, the Parent or a Subsidiary of the Parent has a public or private right of access to all the Parent Mineral Interests. Without limiting the foregoing:

(A)

with respect to any unpatented mining claims and millsites comprising portions of the Parent Mineral Interests (collectively, the "Parent Unpatented Claims"), (1) all such Parent Unpatented Claims were properly located by qualified locators on federal public domain land open to appropriation by mineral location, (2) location certificates prepared in compliance with applicable Law for all such Parent Unpatented Claims were timely and properly recorded and filed with the appropriate Governmental Entities, (3) when required with respect to any such Parent Unpatented Claims, a sufficient amount of annual assessment work was timely and properly performed with respect to each of those Parent Unpatented Claims, and annual affidavits evidencing the performance of such work were timely and properly filed and recorded with the appropriate Governmental Entities, (4) when required with respect to any such Parent Unpatented Claims, annual claim maintenance fees (including the claim maintenance fees required to maintain the Parent Unpatented Claims through the assessment year ending on September 1, 2026), have been paid, and annual affidavits evidencing the payment of such fees have been timely and properly filed and recorded with the appropriate Governmental Entities, and (E) there are no unpatented mining claims or millsites owned by third parties which conflict with any of the Parent Unpatented Claims in a manner that would materially adversely affect the conduct of the business of the Parent or any Subsidiary as currently conducted; and

(B)

with respect to any mineral claims held by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in the Mineral Titles Online Registry maintained by the Province of British Columbia comprising portions of the Parent Mineral Interests (collectively, the "Parent Mineral Claims"), (1) all such Parent Mineral Claims are recorded in accordance with the requirements of the Mineral Tenure Act (British Columbia), (2) with regard to all Parent Mineral Claims, the Parent has filed all required reports of exploration and development work (or has made payment in lieu of conducting required exploration and development work) or filings in a timely manner and they were properly filed and recorded with the Province of British Columbia and all Parent Mineral Claims are in good standing as of the date hereof, (3) any required fees regarding the Parent Mineral Claims have been paid to date, and (4) the Parent Mineral Claims are not subject to any competing claims that would materially adversely affect the conduct of the business of the Parent or its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, subject to any statutory or Crown reservations for such Parent Mineral Claims.

(v)

Except as set out in the Parent Public Documents and as set out in Schedule 4.1(n) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no Person other than the Parent and its Subsidiaries has any material interest in the Parent Mineral Interests or the production or profits therefrom or any royalty or streaming or similar interest in respect thereof or any right to acquire any such interest from the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(vi)

Except as set out in Schedule 4.1(n) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no back-in rights, earn-in rights, rights of first refusal or similar provisions or rights which would materially affect the Parent's or a Subsidiary's interest in the Parent Mineral Interests.

(vii)

There are no material restrictions on the ability of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to (A) use or exploit the Parent Mineral Interests in the manner currently used or exploited, or (B) transfer the Parent Mineral Interests, except, in each case, any restrictions imposed by Law or the terms of the Parent Mineral Interests.

(viii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(n) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, whether written or oral, from any Governmental Entity or any Person of any revocation, annulment, suspension, expropriation, or challenge to ownership, adverse claim or intention to revoke, expropriate or challenge the

A-56

TABLE OF CONTENTS

interest of the Parent or its Subsidiaries in any of the Parent Mineral Interests and, to the knowledge of the Parent, there is no intention or proposal to give such notice. There are no material disputes regarding boundaries, easements, rights of way, covenants or other matters relating to any of the Parent Mineral Interests.

(ix)

Except as disclosed in the Parent Public Documents, the Parent and its Subsidiaries have all surface rights, including fee simple estates, leases, easements, rights of way and permits or licences from landowners or Governmental Entities permitting the use of land by the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and Parent Mineral Rights that are required as at the date of this Agreement to conduct its current operations.

(x)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(n) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, all mines and mineral properties formerly owned by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which were abandoned by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries were abandoned in all material respects in accordance with customary mining industry practice and standards and applicable Laws. The Parent Public Documents accurately disclose, in all material respects, all material remediation and reclamation obligations known to the Parent as of the applicable dates set forth in such Parent Public Documents.

(xi)

With respect to the Parent Mineral Interests, true and correct copies of all material title documents and any amendments thereto in the possession or control of the Parent or its Subsidiaries have been made available to the Company as of the date of this Agreement.

(xii)

The Parent has provided the Company with access to full and complete copies of all material exploration information and data within its possession or control including all material geological, geophysical and geochemical information and data (including all drill, sample and assay results and all maps) and all of its technical reports, feasibility studies and other similar reports and studies concerning the Parent Mineral Interests and the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries has the sole right, title and ownership of all such information, data, reports and studies.

(xiii)

The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Parent will not violate, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of, or require a consent, approval or notice under or constitute a default under or result in a right of termination under or with respect to any of the Parent Mineral Interests.

(xiv)

All activities conducted on the Parent Property by the Parent or its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Parent, by any other Person appointed by the Parent, have been carried out in all material respects in accordance with customary mining industry practice and standards and applicable Laws, and neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, any other Person, has received any notice of any material breach of any such applicable Laws.

(xv)

There have been no incidents of material non-compliance with safety legislation in connection with operations or activities at the Parent's or any of its Subsidiaries' mine sites in the 18 months preceding the date of this Agreement.

(xvi)

Neither the Parent, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Parent, any Person which owns or controls the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, has been notified by any Governmental Entity, that the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is: (A) ineligible to receive any mining permit (including any surface mining permit); or (B) under investigation to determine whether their eligibility to receive such permits should be revoked.

(o)

Mineral Reserves and Resources. The estimates of mineral resources and mineral reserves for mineral properties for the Parent or its Subsidiaries, as set forth in the Parent Public Documents, were prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with customary mining, engineering, geoscience and other applicable industry standards and practices and disclosed, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable Laws, including the requirements of Regulation S-K 1300. There has been no material reduction in the aggregate amount of estimated mineral reserves, estimated mineral resources or mineralized material with respect to such properties, from the amounts most recently set forth in the Parent Public Documents, with the exception of depletion in the ordinary course. The

A-57

TABLE OF CONTENTS

information provided by the Parent and its Subsidiaries to the "qualified persons" (as defined in Regulation S-K 1300) in connection with the preparation of such estimates was accurate and complete in all material respects at the time such information was provided.

(p)

Scientific and Technical Information. The Palmarejo, Rochester, Kensington, Las Chispas and Wharf properties are the only properties material to the Parent for the purpose of Regulation S-K 1300. The technical reports prepared for the Parent in respect of the Palmarejo, Rochester, Kensington, Las Chispas and Wharf properties (the "Parent Technical Reports") complied in all material respects with the requirements of Regulation S-K 1300 at the time of filing thereof. The Parent made available to the authors of the Parent Technical Reports, prior to issuance thereof, for the purpose of preparing such reports, all information requested by them and none of such information contained any Misrepresentation as of the time such information was provided. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of Regulation S-K 1300, has filed all technical reports required thereby, and there has been no material change of which the Parent is aware that would materially disaffirm or materially change any aspect of the Parent Technical Reports or that would require the filing of new technical reports under Regulation S-K 1300.

(q)

Personal Property. The Parent and its Subsidiaries have good and valid title to, or a valid and enforceable leasehold interest in, all personal property that is, individually or in the aggregate, material to the operation of the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, free and clear of any Liens (other than Parent Permitted Liens).

(r)

Employment Matters.

(i)

Other than as provided for or permitted by this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, neither the Parent nor its Subsidiaries has entered into any written or oral agreement or understanding providing for employment, severance, retention, bonus, golden parachute, change of control, or termination payments or entitlements to any current or former Parent Employee in connection with the termination of their position or their employment with the Parent or its Subsidiaries or in connection with the consummation of the Arrangement.

(ii)

As at the date hereof, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) is a party to any collective bargaining agreement, or (B) is subject to any union certification or application for certification or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or apparent union-organizing campaigns for employees not covered under a collective bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Parent, no labour strike, lock-out, slowdown or work stoppage is pending or threatened against or directly affecting the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. As at the date hereof, there are no employee associations, voluntary recognized or certified unions authorized to represent any of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

A-58

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iii)

Except as set out in Schedule 4.1(r)(iii) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, all amounts due or accrued for all salary, wages, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, sick days and benefits under the Parent Benefit Plans have either been paid or are accurately reflected in the books and records of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in all material respects in accordance with GAAP or, in the case of bonuses or other incentive payments not yet determined, the Parent has made reasonable accruals or estimates therefor in the books and records of the Parent. All liabilities in respect of the Parent Employees have or shall have been paid or accrued to the Effective Date, including premium contributions, remittances and assessments for employment insurance, employer health tax, Canada Pension Plan, income tax, workers' compensation and any other employment-related legislation.

(iv)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with all material terms and conditions of employment (including the terms of any applicable collective bargaining agreement) and applicable Laws relating to employment or termination of employment, including pay equity, employees' profit sharing (participación de los trabajadores en las utilidades de las empresas) obligations, subcontracting regime (régimen de subcontratación) in terms of the Mexican Federal Labor Law (Ley Federal del Trabajo), assignment of employees and personnel provision services, wages, hours of work, overtime, vacation, human rights, employer health tax and social security contributions payment, workers' compensation and occupational health and safety.

(v)

There are no material employment-related claims, complaints, investigations or orders under applicable Laws respecting employment now pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries by or before any Governmental Entity as of the date of this Agreement.

(vi)

To the knowledge of the Parent, each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has properly characterized retained individuals as either employees or independent contractors for the purposes of Taxes and other applicable Laws, and none of them has received any notice from any Governmental Entity disputing such classification.

(vii)

Each and every Parent Employee has all the necessary permits under applicable Laws to lawfully work in the country of their employment, including without limitation any working visa that may be required. Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has the necessary permits to employ each and every Parent Employee in terms of applicable Laws, including without limitation any migratory permit to hire foreign employees, as applicable.

(viii)

Other than in the ordinary course (including annual cost-of-living salary increases or statutory collective bargaining agreements annual reviews), since December 31, 2024, the Parent and its Subsidiaries have not granted or promised any Parent Employee any extraordinary or special increases in compensation or benefits, or any payment of any bonus, or deferred compensation or similar arrangement.

(ix)

As of the date hereof, no Parent Employee who is at the director level and above for the corporate office of the Parent, or who is at the general manager level and above at the site level of the Parent, has given written notice to the Parent and/or its Subsidiaries of an intention to terminate employment and, to the knowledge of the Parent, no such Parent Employee intends to terminate employment.

(x)

To the knowledge of the Parent, no Parent Employee has been terminated for cause as provided by the Federal Labor Law (Ley Federal del Trabajo).

(s)

Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the Parent Public Documents, since December 31, 2024:

(i)

the Parent and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary course in all material respects and have not taken any steps to take any actions which, if taken after the date hereof, would require the Company's consent pursuant to Section 5.4 of this Agreement;

A-59

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(ii)

there has not been any damage, destruction or other casualty loss with respect to any asset owned, leased or otherwise used by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that is material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not covered by insurance (other than in the ordinary course or regular wear and tear);

(iii)

other than as expressly permitted by this Agreement, there has not been any acquisition or disposition (including any reconveyance) by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of any property or asset that would be material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(iv)

there has not been any write down by the Parent of the value of any of the material assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and

(v)

through to the date of this Agreement, there has not been any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or circumstance that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(t)

Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(t) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there are no claims, actions, suits, demands, arbitrations, charges, indictments, orders, hearings or other civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings, or other investigations or examinations pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, the business of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or affecting any of their properties or assets, before or by any Governmental Entity which, if commenced and adversely determined, would have, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect or would significantly impede the ability of the Parent to consummate the Arrangement. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(t) of the Parent Disclosure Letter and to the knowledge of the Parent, there are no events or circumstances which would reasonably be expected to give rise to or serve as a basis for the commencement of any such claim, action, suit, demand, arbitration, charge, indictment, order, hearing or other civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceeding, or other investigation or examination. There are no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions, or decrees against the Parent or its Subsidiaries that materially and adversely impact the business, property or assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries. At the date hereof, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries currently intends to initiate any suit, action, claim or arbitration that would be material to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(u)

Indigenous Claims. There are no material claims or actions with respect to Indigenous rights currently outstanding or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened or pending, with respect to the Parent Property. There are no material land entitlement claims having been asserted or any legal actions relating to Indigenous rights having been instituted with respect to the Parent Property, and no dispute in respect of the Parent Property with any Indigenous group exists or, to the knowledge of the Parent, is threatened or imminent which, if adversely determined, would have, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Parent Properties that were ejidos or communal property, as applicable, were disincorporated from the ejido regime and passed to the private property regime through the Acts of Adoption of Full Ownership. The relevant Acts of Adoption of Full Ownership including the notices and formalities related to the right of first refusal and preference and were duly notarized before a notary public and registered before the National Agrarian Registry (Registro Agrario Nacional) and the corresponding Public Registry of Property (Registro Público de Propiedad). No Parent Property is a national, ejidal or communal land and adjoins ejidal or communal land and no Parent Property is encroaching on any private, ejidal or communal property in respect of which any third party, ejido or community may be the owner under any title of ownership or resolution of endowment and/or restitution of land whatsoever. The Parent has made available copies of all material agreements with Indigenous groups.

(v)

Community Relations. To the knowledge of the Parent, no authorized representative of any community in the vicinity (including any ejido) of any of the Parent Properties has communicated in writing to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries: (A) a requirement that the consent of such community be obtained as a condition to continued operation of any such Parent Property, (B) any violation related to agrarian, ejido or communal restrictions, including proceedings related to ejido donations or endowments or extensions or requests for ejido or agrarian appropriations or pre-emptive rights or similar rights in agrarian matters on any of the Parent Properties, or (C) a material increase in the

A-60

TABLE OF CONTENTS

compensation payments payable by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under any community development or social framework or similar agreements as a condition to the continued operation of such Parent Properties, other than such communications in the ordinary course.

(w)

No Expropriation. No property or asset of the Parent or its Subsidiaries (including any Parent Mineral Interests) has been taken or expropriated or suffered a similar proceeding by any Governmental Entity nor has any notice or proceeding in respect thereof been given or commenced nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, is there any threat, intent or proposal to give any such notice or to commence any such proceeding.

(x)

Taxes.

(i)

Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it (taking into account any applicable extensions) prior to the date hereof and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all material respects.

(ii)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(x) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no Tax Return of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is under audit by any Governmental Entity, and no written or oral notice of such an audit has been received by the Parent. The Parent is not a party to, or otherwise subject to, a proceeding in which Taxes are being contested.

(iii)

Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has paid on a timely basis all material Taxes which are due and payable by it on or before the date hereof (including installments) and has provided accruals in accordance with GAAP in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Parent for any Taxes of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period covered by such financial statements that have not been paid whether or not shown as being due on any Tax Returns. Since such publication date, no material liability in respect of Taxes not reflected in such statements or otherwise provided for has been assessed, proposed to be assessed, incurred or accrued, other than in the ordinary course.

(iv)

Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(x) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no material deficiencies, litigation, audits, claims, proposed adjustments or matters in controversy exist or have been asserted with respect to Taxes of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Parent, nor any of its Subsidiaries, is a party to any action or proceeding for assessment or collection of Taxes and no such event has been asserted or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets.

(v)

No claim has been made by any Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that the Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries, is or may be subject to Tax by that jurisdiction or is or may be required to file a tax return in that jurisdiction.

(vi)

There are no Liens with respect to Taxes upon any of the assets of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Parent Permitted Liens).

(vii)

Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has withheld, deducted or collected all material amounts required to be withheld, deducted or collected by it on account of Taxes and has remitted all such amounts to the appropriate Governmental Entity as required by Law. Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all related information reporting, withholding and record retention requirements.

(viii)

Neither the Parent, each of its Subsidiaries or any third party provider who has issued CFDIs in favor of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries are mentioned in the list provided under Article 69 B of the Código Fiscal de la Federación.

(ix)

Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into, or participated in, any "listed transaction" within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.6011-4(b)(2).

(x)

Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a "distributing" corporation or a "controlled corporation" (each within the meaning of section 355(a)(1)(A) of the U.S. Tax

A-61

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Code) in any distribution of stock during the two (2) year period ending on the date of this Agreement that was purported or intended to be governed by section 355 of the U.S. Tax Code (or so much of section 356 of the U.S. Tax Code as relates to section 355 of the U.S. Tax Code).

(xi)

(A) Neither the Parent nor its Subsidiaries has taken or agreed to take any action that would prevent the Arrangement from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code and (B) the Parent is not aware of any agreement, plan or other circumstance that would prevent the Arrangement from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code.

(xii)

The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has made available to the Company true, correct and complete copies of all material Tax Returns, examination reports and statements of deficiencies for taxable periods, or transactions consummated, for which the applicable statutory periods of limitations have not expired.

(xiii)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with the transfer pricing (including any contemporaneous documentation) provisions of each applicable Law, including for greater certainty, under section 247 of the Tax Act (and the corresponding provisions of any applicable provincial Law).

(xiv)

The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries retains all material tax, accounting and Corporate Records required by applicable Law to support any tax or accounting position, filing or claim made by them with respect to Taxes.

(y)

Insurance. All insurance maintained by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is in full force and effect and in good standing, and neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default, whether as to payment of premium or otherwise, and such insurance is reasonable and prudent in light of the size of the Parent and its Subsidiaries and the nature of its business and operations. The Parent and its Subsidiaries maintain the insurance policies required by applicable Laws and any Contract to which the Parent and its Subsidiaries are a party or by which they are otherwise bound, including all required insurance policies to operate in the ordinary course of business, as currently conducted.

(z)

Non-Arm's Length Transactions. Other than (A) as disclosed in the Parent Public Documents and (B) employment or compensation agreements entered into in the ordinary course, there are no current contracts, commitments, agreements, arrangements or other transactions (including relating to indebtedness by or to the Parent or its Subsidiaries) between the Parent or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any (i) officer or director of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any holder of record or, to the knowledge of the Parent, beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting securities of the Parent, or (iii) any affiliate or associate of any officer, director or beneficial owner, on the other hand.

(aa)

Parent Benefit Plans.

(i)

Schedule 4.1(aa)(i) of the Parent Disclosure Letter contains a true and complete list of all material Parent Benefit Plans. Current and complete copies of all the Parent Benefit Plans as amended as of the date hereof have been delivered or made available to the Company together with copies of all material documents relating to the Parent Benefit Plans.

(ii)

No Parent Benefit Plan:

(A)

is a "registered pension plan", a "retirement compensation arrangement", a "deferred profit sharing plan", or a "salary deferral arrangement", as each such term is defined in the Tax Act;

(B)

is a "multi-employer plan" as such term is defined in subsection 8500(i) of the Regulations of Tax Act or a Multiemployer Plan;

(C)

contains a "defined benefit provision" as defined in subsection 147.1(1) of the Tax Act, or is a "defined benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA) whether or not subject to ERISA, or any plan subject to Section 412 of the U.S. Tax Code or Section 302 of ERISA;

A-62

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(D)

provides for health and welfare benefits which are not fully-insured;

(E)

provides for retiree or post-termination benefits to Parent Employees or former Parent Employees or beneficiaries or dependents thereof (other than as required by applicable Laws); or

(F)

provides benefits to independent contractors.

(iii)

Each Parent Benefit Plan is, and has been, established, registered (if required), amended, funded, operated, communicated, administered and invested in compliance with its terms and all Laws, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Parent and its Subsidiaries. All employer and employee payments, contributions and premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each Parent Benefit Plan, as of the date hereof, have been paid or remitted in all material respects in a timely fashion in accordance with its terms and all Laws; and all obligations in respect of each Parent Benefit Plan have been properly accrued and reflected in the Parent's financial statements.

(iv)

To the knowledge of the Parent, there are no investigations by a Governmental Entity or material claims (other than routine claims for payment of benefits) pending involving any Parent Benefit Plan, and to the knowledge of the Parent and its Subsidiaries no event has occurred which would reasonably be expected to give rise to such investigations or material claims (other than routine claims for payment of benefits).

(v)

There has been no amendment to, or announcement by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage under, any Parent Benefit Plan and no Parent Benefit Plan contains provisions permitting retroactive increase or payments on termination which, in each case, would materially increase the expense of maintaining such plan above the level of the expense incurred therefor for the most recent fiscal year.

(vi)

Neither the execution of this Agreement by the Parent nor the consummation of the Arrangement pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement (whether alone or in conjunction with any subsequent events) would result in (A) any Parent Employees receiving termination or severance pay or any increase in termination or severance pay upon any termination of employment after the date hereof, or (B) acceleration of the time of payment or vesting or result in any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount payable or result in any other material obligation pursuant to any of the Parent Benefit Plans.

(vii)

There is no entity other than the Parent or its Subsidiaries participating in any Parent Benefit Plan.

(viii)

All data necessary to administer each Parent Benefit Plan is in the possession of the Parent or its Subsidiaries or its agents and is in a form which is sufficient for the proper administration of the Parent Benefit Plan in accordance with its terms and, to the knowledge of the Parent, such data is complete and correct in all material respects.

(bb)

Environmental. Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have or would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect:

(i)

since January 1, 2022, all facilities and operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries have been conducted, and are now, in compliance with all Environmental Laws;

(ii)

the Parent and its Subsidiaries are in possession of, and in compliance with, all Environmental Permits that are required to own, lease and operate the Parent Mineral Interests and to conduct their respective business as they are now being conducted which are legal, valid, binding and in full force and effect, all of which appear in the name of the Parent and/or its Subsidiaries;

(iii)

to the knowledge of the Parent, no Environmental Liabilities presently exist with respect to any portion of any currently or formerly owned, leased, used or otherwise controlled property,

A-63

TABLE OF CONTENTS

interests and rights or relating to the operations and business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Parent, there is no basis for any such Environmental Liabilities to arise in the future as a result of the Parent's activities in respect of such property, interests, rights, operations and business;

(iv)

except as disclosed in Schedule 4.1(bb)(iv) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any proceeding, application, order or directive from any Governmental Entity which relates to environmental matters and which may require any material work, repairs, construction or expenditures, or create any additional Environmental Liabilities, and to the knowledge of the Parent, there are no pending environmental claims;

(v)

the Parent or its Subsidiaries have posted with the relevant regulatory authorities all financial assurance required to be posted pursuant to Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits, including any financial assurance required in connection with reclamation, remediation or closure plans for the Parent Mineral Interests;

(vi)

to the knowledge of the Parent, there are no changes in the status, terms or conditions of any Environmental Permits held by the Parent or any or its Subsidiaries or any renewal, modification, revocation, reassurance, alteration, transfer or amendment of any such Environmental Permits, or any review by, or approval of, any Governmental Entity of such Environmental Permits or in connection with the execution or delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein or the continuation of the business of the Parent or its Subsidiaries following the Effective Date; and

(vii)

the Parent and its Subsidiaries have made available to the Company true, correct and complete copies of all material audits, studies, plans, assessments, investigation reports (including Phase I and Phase II environmental site assessments) and regulatory correspondence with respect to environmental matters in their possession or control.

(cc)

Parent Material Contracts. Schedule 4.1(cc) of the Parent Disclosure Letter lists all of the Parent Material Contracts to which the Parent and its Subsidiaries are parties all of which are in full force and effect and are enforceable in accordance with their terms with respect to each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries. The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all the terms of all Parent Material Contracts. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach of, or default under, any Parent Material Contract to which it is a party or bound, nor does the Parent have knowledge of any condition that with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would result in such a breach or default, except in each case where any such breaches or defaults would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be, or result in, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries knows of, or has received written notice of, any breach or default under (nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, does there exist any condition which with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would result in such a breach or default under) any Parent Material Contract by any other party thereto except where any such violation or default would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be, or result in, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Parent has made available to the Company true and complete copies of all of the Parent Material Contracts. All the Parent Material Contracts are legal, valid, binding and in full force and effect and are enforceable by the Parent (or a Subsidiary of the Parent, as the case may be) in accordance with their respective terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other applicable Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and subject to the qualification that equitable remedies may be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent jurisdiction). Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that any party to a Parent Material Contract intends to cancel, terminate, materially modify or not renew such Parent Material Contract.

(dd)

No Impediment under Existing Indebtedness. There are no covenants or other terms (including approval, consent or other discretionary rights of any lender or noteholder) under any of the Parent's or any of its Subsidiaries' credit agreements (including the Parent Credit Agreement), indentures or other documents governing or relating to the indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries which

A-64

TABLE OF CONTENTS

would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or otherwise materially impede the consummation of the Arrangement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Provided that the Company Credit Agreement is terminated in connection with the consummation of the Arrangement, the consummation of the Arrangement and the completion of any aspect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result or give rise to a default or event of default under the Parent Credit Agreement, indentures or other documents governing or relating to the indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries.

(ee)

Standstill Agreements. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has waived any Parent Standstill Agreement to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a Party, except to permit submissions of expressions of interest prior to the date of this Agreement.

(ff)

Whistleblower Reporting. No employee of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, nor any legal counsel representing the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of any Securities Laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar material violation by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or independent contractors to the Parent's management, or audit committee (or other committee designated for such purpose) of the Parent Board.

(gg)

Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or restricting any acquisition of property by the Parent or any such Subsidiary or the conduct of business by the Parent or any such Subsidiary as currently conducted (including following the transaction contemplated by this Agreement) other than such agreements, judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(hh)

Brokers. Except for the fees to be paid to BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC pursuant to engagement letters with the Parent, none of the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors or employees has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finder's fees on behalf of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(ii)

Corrupt Practices Legislation.

(i)

None of the Parent, its Subsidiaries and affiliates, nor, to the Parent's knowledge, any of their Representatives or other Persons acting on behalf of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates has directly or indirectly, offered, promised, agreed, paid, authorized, given or taken any act in furtherance of any such offer, promise, agreement, payment or authorization on behalf of the Parent or its Subsidiaries, anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any official of a Governmental Entity, any political party or official thereof or any candidate for political office, for the purpose of any of the following:

(A)

influencing any action or decision of such person in such person's official capacity, including a decision to fail to perform such person's official function in order to obtain or retain an advantage in the course of business;

(B)

inducing such person to use such person's influence with any Governmental Entity to affect or influence any act or decision of such Governmental Entity to assist the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for, with, or directing business to, any Person or otherwise to obtain or retain an advantage in the course of business; or

(C)

to assist the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for, with, or directing business to, any Person.

(ii)

None of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, any of their respective Representatives has, directly or indirectly, taken any action that is prohibited by or would cause the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries to be in violation of the requirements of the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the Proceeds of Crime (Money

A-65

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (United States), the Mexican Anticorruption System Law (Ley General del Sistema Nacional Anticorrupción), the Mexican General Administrative Liabilities Law (Ley General de Responsabilidades Administrativas), the Federal Law for the Prevention and Identification of Operations with Resources of Illicit Origin (Ley Federal para la Prevención e Identificación de Operaciones con Recursos de Procedencia Ilícita), and the Federal Penal Code (Código Penal Federal) as amended or any law of similar effect prohibiting corruption, bribery and money laundering in any jurisdiction in which it conducts its business and to which it is subject (collectively, the "Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law"). Neither the Parent, nor its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, their respective Representatives, has violated any Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law and, to the knowledge of the Parent, no condition or circumstances exist that would form the basis of any such allegations.

(iii)

All contracts and arrangements between the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries and any other Person are in compliance with Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law. Since January 1, 2023, the Parent and its Subsidiaries have maintained policies and procedures applicable to it and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives in place in respect thereof as are appropriate to prevent and detect violations of Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Laws.

(iv)

None of the Parent or its Subsidiaries nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives has (A) conducted or initiated any review, audit or internal investigation that concluded that the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives has materially violated any Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law, or (B) made a voluntary, directed or involuntary disclosure to any Governmental Entity responsible for enforcing Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law, in each case with respect to any alleged act or omission arising under or relating to material non-compliance with any such Laws, or received any notice, request or citation from any person alleging material non-compliance with any such Laws.

(v)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries have maintained systems of internal controls intended to ensure compliance by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective Representatives with Parent Applicable Anti-Corruption Law.

(jj)

Sanctions.

(i)

Neither the Parent, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or employees nor, to the knowledge of the Parent, any agents or persons acting on any of their behalf: (A) is a Restricted Party; or (B) has received written notice of or is aware of any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation against it with respect to Sanctions by any Sanctions Authority.

(ii)

None of the Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or any director, officer, employee or to the knowledge of the Parent, agent of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are: (A) the subject/target of any Sanctions, or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions, including Russia, Crimea, Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic of Ukraine, the Kherson and the Zaporizhzhia oblasts of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria.

(iii)

The Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Parent, the agents of the Parent and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions. The Parent and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable Sanctions.

A-66

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iv)

Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly engaged in, or is now knowingly engaged in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in property that is owned, held or controlled by or on behalf of any Person or in any country or territory in violation of Sanctions.

(kk)

Modern Slavery.

(i)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries have acted in compliance with the fundamental principles defined and protected by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the fundamental principles of the International Labor Organization and rules relating to the prohibition of forced labour, child labour and human trafficking in their operations and supply chains.

(ii)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the requirements of applicable Modern Slavery Laws.

(iii)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries have customary policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable Modern Slavery Laws.

(ll)

Investment Canada Act. The Parent and the Purchaser are trade agreement investors and are not state-owned enterprises, in each case within the meaning of the ICA.

(mm)

Antitakeover Statutes. The Parent Board has taken all actions necessary to reasonably ensure that the restrictions applicable to business combinations contained in Section 203 of the DGCL are not, and will not be, applicable to the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Arrangement. Except for Section 203 of the DGCL, no "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition," "business combination" or other similar anti-takeover statutes or regulations enacted under the DGCL or other Law applies or purports to apply to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(nn)

Bankruptcy. Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has commenced or contemplated any proceeding, or filed or contemplated the filing of any petition, in any court relating to the bankruptcy, concurso mercantil, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution, liquidation or relief from debtors of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. There is no legal basis for the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(oo)

Privacy and Security.

(i)

The Parent and its Subsidiaries (A) are in material compliance with applicable Privacy Laws, and (B) have implemented and maintained measures designed to provide reasonable assurance that each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries: (i) comply with applicable Privacy Laws; and (ii) will not collect, acquire, fail to secure, share, disclose, use or otherwise process Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with applicable Privacy Laws, any notice to or consent from the provider of Personal Information, any Contract to which each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries is a party that is applicable to such Personal Information, or any privacy policy or privacy statement from time to time published or otherwise made available by the Parent and its Subsidiaries to the Persons to whom the Personal Information relates.

(ii)

With respect to all Personal Information collected by the Parent and its Subsidiaries, each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has taken steps required and reasonably necessary to protect such Personal Information against loss and against unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or other misuse, including implementing and monitoring compliance with reasonable measures with respect to technological, organizational and physical security of such Personal Information. Each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has commercially reasonable safeguards in place designed to protect Personal Information in its possession or control from loss, unauthorized access, use or disclosure, including by its officers, employees, independent contractors and consultants. To the knowledge of the Parent, there has been no unauthorized access to, disclosure of, or other misuse of any Personal Information in the custody or control of the Parent or its Subsidiaries.

A-67

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iii)

Neither the Parent nor its Subsidiaries have received any notice of any claims, investigations or alleged violations of applicable Privacy Laws including with respect to Personal Information collected or possessed by or otherwise subject to the control of the Parent and its Subsidiaries.

4.2

Survival of Representations and Warranties

The representations and warranties of the Parent and the Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall not survive the completion of the Arrangement and shall expire and be terminated on the earlier of the Effective Time and the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.

ARTICLE 5

COVENANTS

5.1

Covenants of the Company Regarding the Conduct of Business

The Company covenants and agrees that, during the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, except (i) as required by Law or any Governmental Entity; (ii) with the prior written consent of the Parent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (iii) as set out in the Company Disclosure Letter; or (iv) as otherwise expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement:

(a)

the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its and their respective businesses in, not take any action except in, and maintain their respective facilities in, the ordinary course and to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve in all material respects its and their present business organization, operations, assets, properties (including the Company Mineral Interests) and goodwill, to keep available the services of its officers and employees as a group and to maintain satisfactory relationships consistent with past practice with joint venture partners, suppliers, distributors, employees and Governmental Entities having business relationships with them;

(b)

without limiting the generality of Section 5.1(a), the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(i)

other than as disclosed in Schedule 5.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter or as required by the terms of any Company Equity Incentive Plan, issue, sell, grant, award, pledge, hypothecate, dispose of, or permit a Lien (other than a Company Permitted Lien) to be created, or agree to issue, sell, grant, award, pledge, hypothecate, dispose of, or permit a Lien (other than a Company Permitted Lien) to be created on, any Company Shares, or other equity or voting interests or any options, stock appreciation rights, warrants, calls, conversion or exchange privileges or rights of any kind to acquire (whether on exchange, exercise, conversion or otherwise) any Company Shares or other equity or voting interests or other securities or any shares of its Subsidiaries (including, for greater certainty, Company Incentive Awards), other than pursuant to the exercise or settlement of any Company Incentive Awards that are outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance with their terms;

(ii)

amend or propose to amend the articles, by-laws or other constating documents of the Company and its Subsidiaries or the terms of any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(iii)

prior to the Effective Time, declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to Company Shareholders (whether in cash, securities or property or any combination thereof) in respect of any Company Shares or the securities of any of its Subsidiaries, other than for certainty, the payment of any interest pursuant to the Company Credit Agreement and the Company Notes in accordance with their terms;

(iv)

split, combine or reclassify any outstanding Company Shares or the securities of any of its Subsidiaries;

A-68

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(v)

redeem, purchase or offer to purchase any Company Shares or other securities of the Company or any shares or other securities of its Subsidiaries, other than pursuant to the settlement of any Company Incentive Awards in accordance with their terms and except in connection with a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization;

(vi)

except in connection with a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization, reorganize, amalgamate or merge the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with any other Person;

(vii)

except in connection with a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization, reduce the stated capital of the shares of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise change the capital structure of the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(viii)

other than as disclosed in Schedule 5.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, sell, pledge, hypothecate, lease, dispose of, mortgage, licence, or permit a Lien (other than a Company Permitted Lien) to be created on or agree to sell, pledge, hypothecate, dispose of, mortgage, licence, or permit a Lien (other than a Company Permitted Lien) to be created on or otherwise transfer any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any interest in any assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries having a value greater than $5 million in the aggregate, other than sales of inventory, equipment or obsolete assets in the ordinary course and Liens that are incurred in the ordinary course;

(ix)

acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise) or agree to acquire, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or in a series of related transactions, any Person, or make any investment or agree to make any investment (by purchase of shares or securities, contributions of capital (other than to wholly-owned Subsidiaries), property transfer, purchase of any property or assets or otherwise), directly or indirectly, in one transaction or in a series of related transactions, in any Person, other than acquisitions of assets, equipment and supplies in the ordinary course that do not exceed 115% of the amounts budgeted for acquisitions in the Company Budget and, for certainty, excluding capital expenditures permitted by Section 5.1(b)(xxii);

(x)

incur, create, assume or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness for borrowed money or any other material liability or obligation or issue any debt securities, or guarantee or otherwise become responsible for, the obligations of any other Person or make any loans or advances to any Person that is not a Subsidiary of the Company, except (A) in connection with ordinary course working capital needs (including, without limitation, the indebtedness incurred or to be incurred under the Company Credit Agreement), or (B) letters of credit, reclamation bonds, financial assurances or other guarantees in respect of environmental or other obligations in the ordinary course;

(xi)

adopt a plan of liquidation or resolutions providing for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(xii)

pay, discharge, settle, satisfy, compromise, waive, assign or release any material claims, liabilities or obligations prior to the same becoming due, other than (A) the payment, discharge or satisfaction of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Company's financial statements or incurred in the ordinary course, (B) for an aggregate amount of no greater than $5 million, or (C) payment of any fees related to the Arrangement;

(xiii)

waive, release, grant, transfer, exercise, modify or amend in any material respect, other than in the ordinary course, (A) any existing material contractual rights in respect of any Company Mineral Interests, or (B) any material Authorization, lease, concession, contract or other document;

(xiv)

take any action or fail to take any action which action or failure to act would result in the material loss, expiration or surrender of, or the loss of any material benefit under, or reasonably be expected to cause any Governmental Entities to institute proceedings for the suspension, revocation or limitation of rights under, any material Authorizations necessary to conduct its businesses as now conducted or planned to be conducted;

A-69

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(xv)

other than as disclosed in Schedule 5.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, in the ordinary course, in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, or as is necessary to comply with applicable Laws or the current terms of any Contracts or Company Benefit Plans: (A) grant to any Company Employee an increase in compensation in any form, or grant any general salary increase (other than base salary increases for Company Employees in the ordinary course); (B) make any loan to any Company Employee (other than expense reimbursements in the ordinary course); (C) take any action with respect to the grant of any severance, retention, change of control or bonus to, or enter into any employment agreement, deferred compensation or other similar agreement (or amend any such existing agreement) with any Company Employee; (D) increase any benefits payable under any existing severance or termination pay policies or employment agreements, or adopt or materially amend or make any contribution to any Company Benefit Plan or other bonus, profit sharing, option, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, insurance, incentive compensation, compensation or other similar plan, agreement, trust, fund or arrangement for the benefit of directors or Company Employees or former directors or former Company Employees; (E) increase bonus levels or other benefits payable to any director or executive officer; (F) provide for accelerated vesting, removal of restrictions or an exercise of any stock-based or stock-related awards (including stock options), except, for greater certainty, where such accelerated vesting, removal of restrictions or exercise occur automatically pursuant to the terms of a Company Equity Incentive Plan without any further action by the Company; (G) establish, adopt or amend (except as required by applicable Law) any collective bargaining agreement or similar agreement; or (H) hire or engage, or amend the terms of employment or engagement of, any Company Employee or independent contractor with total annual compensation exceeding $250,000 (other than to replace any existing Company Employee or independent contractor performing a similar function on substantially similar annual salaries or to fill a position that is open as of the date of this Agreement on substantially similar compensation as was historically paid for that position by the Company or its Subsidiaries);

(xvi)

enter into or terminate any interest rate, currency, equity or commodity swaps, hedges, derivatives, forward sales contracts or other financial instruments or like transaction other than in the ordinary course or pursuant to the Company's ordinary course cash management practices and hedging activities consistent with past practice;

(xvii)

materially change the business carried on by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as a whole;

(xviii)

amend its accounting policies or adopt new accounting policies, except as required by concurrent changes in IFRS;

(xix)

enter into any Contract or series of Contracts, other than in the ordinary course, resulting in a new Contract or series of related new Contracts having a term in excess of twelve (12) months and that would not be terminable by the Company or its Subsidiaries upon notice of ninety (90) days or less from the date of the relevant Contract, or that would impose financial obligations on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $5 million in the aggregate over the term of the Contract;

(xx)

(A) except in the ordinary course, alter, amend, or otherwise modify or supplement, or waive any material provision or condition of, any Company Material Contract; (B) default under any material provision of any Company Material Contract; or (C) enter into any Contract that restricts the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to offer to purchase the assets or equity securities of another Person;

(xxi)

enter into or renew any agreement, contract, lease, licence or other binding obligation of the Company or its Subsidiaries (A) containing (1) any limitation or restriction on the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries or, following completion of the transactions contemplated hereby, the ability of the Parent or its Subsidiaries, to engage in any type of activity or business in any material respect, (2) any limitation or restriction on the manner in which, or the localities in which, all or any portion of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or, following consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, all or any portion of the

A-70

TABLE OF CONTENTS

business of the Parent or its Subsidiaries, is or would be conducted in any material respect, or (3) any limit or restriction on the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries or, following completion of the transactions contemplated hereby, the ability of the Parent or its Subsidiaries, to solicit customers or employees in any material respect or (B) that would reasonably be expected to materially delay or prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(xxii)

incur any capital expenditures or enter into any agreement obligating the Company or its Subsidiaries to provide for future capital expenditures involving payments in excess of 115% of the amounts budgeted for capital expenditures in the Company Budget in the aggregate; or

(xxiii)

commence, as plaintiff, any legal proceedings against a Governmental Entity.

(c)

The Company shall not terminate, let lapse or amend or modify in any material respect any insurance policy maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries; and except as contemplated by Section 5.16, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its and its Subsidiaries' current insurance (or re-insurance) policies not to be cancelled or terminated or any of the coverage thereunder to lapse, unless simultaneously with such termination, cancellation or lapse, replacement policies underwritten by insurance and re-insurance companies of nationally recognized standing providing coverage equal to or greater than the coverage under the cancelled, terminated or lapsed policies for commercially reasonable premiums are in full force and effect, provided that, subject to Section 5.16, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall obtain or renew any insurance (or re-insurance) policy for a term exceeding 12 months;

(d)

the Company shall and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve all of its and its Subsidiaries rights under each of its Mineral Rights and Company Properties under each of its and its Subsidiaries' Authorizations;

(e)

the Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall:

(i)

diligently pursue the finalization of the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2025 such that they can be filed on SEDAR+ in the ordinary course, and maintain all material books and records related thereto;

(ii)

consult with, and take under consideration advice from, the Parent in connection with any material ongoing legal proceedings to which the Company or its Subsidiaries are party;

(iii)

duly and timely file all Tax Returns required to be filed by it (taking into account any applicable extensions) on or after the date hereof and all such Tax Returns will be true, complete and correct in all respects;

(iv)

timely withhold, collect, remit and pay all Taxes which are required to be withheld, collected, remitted or paid by it to the extent due and payable;

(v)

not make, change or rescind any election, information, return or designation relating to Taxes;

(vi)

not make a request for a Tax ruling, voluntarily disclose any potential or actual Tax issue to any taxing authority, or enter into or amend any agreement with any taxing authorities, or consent to any extension or waiver of any limitation period with respect to Taxes;

(vii)

not settle or compromise any claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit or controversy relating to Taxes affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of liabilities reflected in or reserved against in the interim consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2025);

(viii)

not enter into any Tax Sharing Agreement;

(ix)

terminate all Tax Sharing Agreements without further liability to Parent, the Company, or its Subsidiaries following the Effective Time;

A-71

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(x)

not amend any Tax Return or change any of its methods of reporting income, deductions or accounting for income Tax purposes from those employed in the preparation of its income Tax Return for the tax year ended December 31, 2024;

(xi)

keep the Parent reasonably informed of any material events, discussions or correspondence with any Governmental Entity or other related action with respect to any Tax audit, investigation or assessment; and

(f)

the Company shall not authorize, agree or otherwise commit to do any of the matters otherwise prohibited by this Section 5.1.

5.2

Covenants of the Company Relating to the Arrangement

The Company covenants and agrees that, during the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, it shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to perform all obligations required to be performed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under this Agreement, co-operate with the Parent in connection therewith, and do all such other acts and things as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to:

(a)

other than in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, which shall be governed by Section 5.10, use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect all necessary registrations, filings and submissions of information required by Governmental Entities from it or its Subsidiaries relating to the Arrangement;

(b)

use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all third party consents, approvals and notices required under any of the Company Material Contracts (other than the Company Credit Agreement);

(c)

use commercially reasonable efforts to defend all lawsuits or other legal, regulatory or other proceedings against the Company challenging or affecting this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

(d)

other than in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, which shall be governed by Section 5.10, use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy all conditions precedent in this Agreement and take all steps set forth in the Interim Order and the Final Order applicable to it and comply promptly with all requirements imposed by Law on it or its Subsidiaries with respect to this Agreement or the Arrangement;

(e)

use its commercially reasonable efforts to carry out all actions necessary to ensure the availability of the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act provided by section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws;

(f)

cooperate with, and provide commercially reasonable assistance to, Parent and Purchaser in the preparation and filing, on the Effective Date, of an election pursuant to subparagraph (c)(i) of the definition of "public corporation" contained in subsection 89(1) of the Tax Act such that the Company ceases to be a "public corporation" for the purposes of the Tax Act;

(g)

not take any action, or refrain from taking any commercially reasonable action, or permit any action to be taken or not taken, which is inconsistent with this Agreement or which would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or otherwise impede the consummation of the Arrangement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(h)

promptly (and, in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours) notify the Parent of:

(i)

any Company Material Adverse Effect or change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(ii)

any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent (or waiver, permit, exemption, order, approval, agreement, amendment or confirmation) of such Person (or another Person) is required in connection with this Agreement or the Arrangement; or

(iii)

any material proceedings commenced or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries

A-72

TABLE OF CONTENTS

in connection with this Agreement or the Arrangement. The Company shall give Parent a reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any substantive shareholder litigation against the Company or its directors or officers relating to the Arrangement, and no such settlement (to the extent a material monetary amount is involved) shall be agreed to without the prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

5.3

Covenants of the Company Regarding the TSX and NYSE American Delisting

Prior to the Effective Date, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under applicable Laws and rules and policies of the TSX and NYSE American to cause the delisting of the Company Shares from the TSX and NYSE American, as applicable, as promptly as practicable after the Effective Time.

5.4

Covenants of the Parent Regarding the Conduct of Business

The Parent covenants and agrees that, during the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, except (i) as required by Law or any Governmental Entity; (ii) with the prior written consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (iii) as set out in the Parent Disclosure Letter; or (iv) as otherwise expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement:

(a)

the Parent shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its and their respective businesses in, not take any action except in, and maintain their respective facilities in, the ordinary course and to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve in all material respects its and their present business organization, operations, assets, properties (including the Parent Mineral Interests) and goodwill, to keep available the services of its officers and employees as a group and to maintain satisfactory relationships consistent with past practice with joint venture partners, suppliers, distributors, employees and Governmental Entities having business relationships with them;

(b)

without limiting the generality of Section 5.4(a), the Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(i)

issue, sell, grant, award, pledge, hypothecate or dispose of or agree to issue, sell, grant, award, pledge, hypothecate or dispose of, any Parent Shares, or other equity or voting interests (including, for greater certainty, Parent Incentive Awards) or any options, stock appreciation rights, warrants, calls, conversion or exchange privileges or rights of any kind to acquire (whether on exchange, exercise, conversion or otherwise) any Parent Shares, other than (A) in the ordinary course, (B) as contemplated in Section 5.4(b)(viii) and/or (C) other than pursuant to the exercise or settlement of any Parent Incentive Awards that are outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance with their terms or as required by the terms of any Parent Incentive Plans;

(ii)

amend or propose to amend the articles, by-laws or other constating documents of the Parent or the terms of any securities of the Parent, other than the Parent Charter Amendment;

(iii)

split, consolidate or reclassify any Parent Shares or undertake any other capital reorganization, or declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution to the Parent Stockholders (whether in cash, securities or property or any combination thereof) in respect of any Parent Shares;

(iv)

redeem, purchase or offer to purchase any Parent Shares;

(v)

reorganize, amalgamate or merge the Parent or any of the Parent Material Subsidiaries with any other Person (other than an affiliate of the Parent);

(vi)

other than as set out in Section 5.4(b)(vi) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, reduce the stated capital of the Parent Shares or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise change the capital structure of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (other than an affiliate of the Parent);

A-73

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(vii)

sell, pledge, hypothecate, lease, dispose of, mortgage, licence, permit a Lien to be created on or agree to sell, pledge, hypothecate, dispose of, mortgage, licence, permit a Lien to be created on or otherwise transfer any assets of the Parent or any of the Parent Material Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation the transactions contemplated hereby;

(viii)

acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise) or agree to acquire, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or in a series of related transactions, any Person, or make any investment or agree to make any investment (by purchase of shares or securities, contributions of capital (other than to wholly-owned Subsidiaries), property transfer, purchase of any property or assets or otherwise), directly or indirectly, in one transaction or in a series of related transactions, in any Person, provided that the Parent may complete one or more acquisitions and/or investments so long as the fair market value of all such acquisitions and/or investments, as at the closing of such acquisitions and/or investments, when aggregated together, do not exceed $100 million;

(ix)

incur, create, assume or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness for borrowed money or any other material liability or obligation or issue any debt securities, or guarantee or otherwise become responsible for, the obligations of any other Person or make any loans or advances to any Person that is not a Subsidiary of the Parent, except (A) in connection with ordinary course working capital needs (including, without limitation, the indebtedness incurred or to be incurred under the Parent Credit Agreement), or (B) letters of credit, reclamation bonds, financial assurances or other guarantees in respect of environmental or other obligations in the ordinary course;

(x)

adopt a plan of liquidation or resolutions providing for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of the Parent or any of the Parent Material Subsidiaries;

(xi)

materially change the business carried on by the Parent and its Subsidiaries, as a whole;

(xii)

pay, discharge, settle, satisfy, compromise, waive, assign or release any material claims, liabilities or obligations prior to the same becoming due other than (A) in the ordinary course; (B) for an aggregate amount of no greater than $30 million or (C) payment of any fees related to the Arrangement;

(xiii)

waive, release, grant, transfer, exercise, modify or amend in any material respect, other than in the ordinary course, (A) any existing material contractual rights in respect of any Parent Mineral Interests, or (B) any material Authorization;

(xiv)

commence, as plaintiff, any legal proceeding before a Governmental Entity that could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or adversely affect the market price or value of the Parent Shares;

(xv)

take any action or fail to take any action which action or failure to act would result in the material loss, expiration or surrender of, or the loss of any material benefit under, or reasonably be expected to cause any Governmental Entities to institute proceedings for the suspension, revocation or limitation of rights under, any material Authorizations necessary to conduct its businesses as now conducted or planned to be conducted; or

(xvi)

amend its accounting policies or adopt new accounting policies except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP;

(c)

the Parent shall and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve all of its and its Subsidiaries rights under each of its Mineral Rights and Parent Properties under each of its and its Subsidiaries' Authorizations, including but not limited to obtaining the required extensions and renewals of the Parent's and its Subsidiaries' Authorizations;

(d)

the Parent shall not authorize, agree or otherwise commit to do any of the matters otherwise prohibited by this Section 5.4; and

(e)

the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries shall:

A-74

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(i)

duly and timely file all Tax Returns required to be filed by it on or after the date hereof and all such Tax Returns will be true, complete and correct in all respects;

(ii)

timely withhold, collect, remit and pay all Taxes which are required to be withheld, collected, remitted or paid by it to the extent due and payable; and

(iii)

keep the Company reasonably informed of any material events, discussions, correspondence or other action with respect to any Tax audit, investigation or assessment.

5.5

Covenants Relating to the Consideration Shares

The Parent shall apply for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading on the NYSE by the Effective Time of the Parent Shares issuable pursuant to the Arrangement, subject to official notice of issuance. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Parent in connection with the foregoing, including by providing information reasonably requested by the Parent in connection therewith.

5.6

Covenants Relating to TSX Listing

The Parent shall apply for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading on the TSX by the Effective Time of the Parent Shares issuable pursuant to the Arrangement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Parent in connection with the foregoing, including by providing information reasonably requested by the Parent in connection therewith.

5.7

Covenants of the Parent Regarding Blue-Sky Laws

The Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Consideration Shares shall, at the Effective Time, either be registered or qualified under all applicable U.S. state securities laws, or exempt from such registration and qualification requirements.

5.8

Covenants of the Parent Relating to the Arrangement

The Parent covenants and agrees that, during the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, it shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to perform all obligations required to be performed by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under this Agreement, co-operate with the Company in connection therewith, and do all such other acts and things as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to:

(a)

other than in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, which shall be governed by Section 5.10, use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect all necessary registrations, filings and submissions of information required by Governmental Entities from it or its Subsidiaries relating to the Arrangement;

(b)

other than in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, which shall be governed by Section 5.10, use commercially reasonable efforts to defend all lawsuits or other legal, regulatory or other proceedings against the Parent challenging or affecting this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

(c)

other than in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, which shall be governed by Section 5.10, use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy all conditions precedent in this Agreement and take all steps set forth in the Interim Order and the Final Order applicable to it and comply promptly with all requirements imposed by Law on it or its Subsidiaries with respect to this Agreement or the Arrangement;

(d)

use its commercially reasonable efforts to carry out all actions necessary to ensure the availability of the exemption from registration under section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws;

(e)

other than in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, which shall be governed by Section 5.10, not take any action, or refrain from taking any commercially reasonable action, or permit any action to be taken or not taken, which is inconsistent with this Agreement or which would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or otherwise impede the consummation of the Arrangement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

A-75

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(f)

promptly (and, in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours) notify the Company of:

(i)

any Parent Material Adverse Effect or change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect;

(ii)

any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent (or waiver, permit, exemption, order, approval, agreement, amendment or confirmation) of such Person (or another Person) is required in connection with this Agreement or the Arrangement; or

(iii)

any material proceedings commenced or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement or the Arrangement.

5.9

Indebtedness

During the period from the entry into this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to mutually determine and use commercially reasonable efforts to implement any necessary, appropriate or desirable arrangements in anticipation of the consummation of the Arrangement, regarding each Party's and its Subsidiaries' credit agreements (including the Company Credit Agreement), indentures, hedging arrangements or other documents governing or relating to the indebtedness of the Parties and their Subsidiaries, including arrangements by way of amendments, consents, offers to exchange, offers to purchase, redemption, payoff, new financing or otherwise, with respect to refinancing or retaining a Party's or its Subsidiaries' credit agreements or senior unsecured notes (including the Company Notes), and any security documents executed by the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with such credit agreements and/or senior unsecured notes, or other documents governing or relating to the indebtedness of the Parties and their Subsidiaries, provided that the Company is not required to implement any such arrangements in respect of any indebtedness of the Company prior to the Effective Time. The Parent shall reimburse the Company for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs or expenses incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with cooperation provided for in this Section 5.9 to the extent the information requested was not otherwise prepared or available in the ordinary course. The Parent acknowledges and agrees that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not conditioned upon the consummation of, or the receipt by the Parent of the proceeds of, any such arrangements.

5.10

Regulatory Approvals

The Parent and the Company covenant and agree with respect to obtaining the Regulatory Approvals required for the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that, subject to the term and conditions of this Agreement, until the earlier of the Effective Time and the time that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms:

(a)

In respect of the CNA Approval, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event within twenty (20) business days of this Agreement or such other date as the Parties may reasonably agree, the Parent and the Company shall submit a notification to CNA to obtain the CNA Approval.

(b)

In respect of the ICA Approval:

(i)

as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event within twenty (20) business days of this Agreement or such other date as the Parties may reasonably agree, the Parent shall submit to the Minister an application for review pursuant to Part IV of the ICA; and

(ii)

as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event within twenty (20) business days of the filing of the application for review pursuant to Part IV of the ICA referenced in Section 5.10(b)(i), above, or such other date as the Parties may reasonably agree, the Parent shall submit to the Minister initial proposed undertakings.

(c)

In respect of the Competition Act Approval, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event within twenty (20) business days of this Agreement or such other date as the Parties may reasonably agree, the Parties shall submit to the Commissioner a request for an advance ruling certificate under section 102 of the Competition Act or, in the alternative, a No Action Letter. Unless the Parties agree otherwise, within twenty (20) business days of this Agreement, the Parent and the Company shall each submit to the Commissioner a pre-merger notification pursuant to Part IX of the Competition Act.

A-76

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(d)

The Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries, as applicable), to file, as promptly as practicable but in any event within thirty (30) business days after the date of this Agreement or such other date as the Parent and the Company may reasonably agree, any other filings or notifications under any other applicable federal, provincial, state or foreign Law required to obtain any other Regulatory Approvals.

(e)

Other than in respect of the ICA Approval, the Parent and the Company shall use (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to use) their respective commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Regulatory Approvals as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement and, in any event, in order to allow the Effective Time to occur before the Outside Date; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement (other than in respect of the ICA Approval which shall be governed by Section 5.10(f)) shall require either Party or their respective Subsidiaries to propose, negotiate, effect or agree to, by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise, the sale, transfer, divestiture, license or other disposition of any assets or businesses of the Parent or the Company or their respective Subsidiaries or otherwise take any action that prohibits or limits either Parties' or their respective Subsidiaries' freedom of action with respect to, or either Parties' or their respective Subsidiaries' ability to own, retain, control, operate or exercise full rights of ownership with respect to any of the businesses or assets of the Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

(f)

The Parent and the Company shall use (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to use) their respective reasonable best efforts to obtain the ICA Approval as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement and, in any event, in order to allow the Effective Time to occur before the Outside Date. In fulfilling its obligations to use reasonable best efforts to obtain the ICA Approval, Parent shall, in good faith, (A) propose, offer, negotiate, commit to, agree to and/or effect such written undertakings in a form and with the content that is customary for transactions of the nature of the transactions that are the subject of this Agreement, taking into account the nature of the Company's business and the Parent's business (the "Initial Undertakings"), and (B) propose, offer, negotiate, commit to, agree to and/or effect revisions and/or additions to the Initial Undertakings, if necessary in order to obtain the ICA Approval, provided that (i) any such undertakings shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the transactions that are the subject of this Agreement, (ii) any reasonable effort by Parent to resist, reduce or negotiate the scope of any undertakings (other than the Initial Undertakings) proposed by a Governmental Entity shall be deemed consistent with its obligations to use reasonable best efforts, so long as such effort does not delay the Effective Date or delay the obtaining of the ICA Approval in a manner that could cause the Effective Time not to occur before the Outside Date, and (iii) such undertakings, individually or in aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse impact on the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(g)

All filing fees (including any Taxes thereon) in respect of any filing made to any Governmental Entity in respect of any Regulatory Approvals shall be paid by the Parent.

(h)

With respect to obtaining the Regulatory Approvals, each of the Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to) cooperate and coordinate with one another and shall provide such assistance as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with obtaining the Regulatory Approvals. In particular:

(i)

neither the Parent nor the Company (nor their respective Subsidiaries) shall extend or consent to any extension of any applicable waiting or review period or enter into any agreement with a Governmental Entity to not consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except upon the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;

(ii)

the Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to) exchange drafts of all submissions, substantive correspondence, filings, presentations, applications, plans, consent agreements and other material documents made or submitted to or filed with any Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will consider in good faith any suggestions made by the other Party and its counsel and will provide the other Party and its counsel with final copies of all such material submissions,

A-77

TABLE OF CONTENTS

correspondence, filings, presentations, applications, plans and other material documents, and all pre-existing business records or other documents, submitted to or filed with any Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that, subject to Section 5.10(i), information indicated by a Party to be competitively sensitive shall be provided to the other Party's external legal counsel only on an external counsel only basis;

(iii)

the Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to) cooperate on a timely basis in the preparation of any response by the other Party to any request for additional information received by such other Party from a Governmental Entity in connection with obtaining the Regulatory Approvals, and shall promptly provide or submit all documentation and information that is required by Law or a Governmental Entity, requested by any Governmental Entity, or necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Parent, acting reasonably, in connection with obtaining the Regulatory Approvals;

(iv)

the Parent and the Company will (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to) keep the other Party and its respective counsel fully apprised of all written (including email) and oral communications and all meetings with any Governmental Entity and their staff in relation to the Regulatory Approvals, and will not participate in such communications or meetings without giving the other Party and its counsel the opportunity to participate therein; provided, however, that, subject to Section 5.10(i), where competitively sensitive information may be discussed or communicated, the external legal counsel of the other Party shall be provided with any such communications or information on an external counsel only basis and shall have the right to participate in any such meetings on an external counsel only basis; and

(v)

the Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to) make available its Representatives, on the reasonable request of the other Party and its counsel, to assist in obtaining the Regulatory Approvals, including by (A) providing strategic input, including on any materials prepared for obtaining Regulatory Approvals, and (B) responding promptly to requests for support, documents, information, comments or input where reasonably requested by the other Party in connection with the Regulatory Approvals.

(i)

With respect to Sections 5.10(h)(i) and 5.10(h)(iv) above, where a Party (in this Section 5.10 only, the "Disclosing Party") provides any submissions, communications, information, correspondence, filings, presentations, applications, plans, consent agreements or other documents to the Party (the "Receiving Party") on an external counsel only basis, the Disclosing Party shall also provide the Receiving Party with a redacted version of any such submissions, communications, information, correspondence, filings, presentations, applications, plans, consent agreements or other documents.

(j)

The Parent and the Company shall not (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries not to) enter into any transaction, investment, agreement, arrangement or joint venture or take any other action, the effect of which would reasonably be expected to make obtaining the Regulatory Approvals materially more difficult or challenging, or reasonably be expected to materially delay the obtaining of the Regulatory Approvals.

(k)

The Parent and the Company shall use (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to use) their respective commercially reasonable efforts to defend any judicial or administrative action or similar proceeding instituted (or threatened to be instituted) or pending by or before any Governmental Entity under any Law and to have any such action or proceeding withdrawn or discontinued and any stay, restraining order, injunction or similar order entered by any Governmental Entity vacated, lifted, reversed, or overturned.

5.11

Resignations

Subject to Section 2.17, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and deliver to the Parent at the Effective Time (a) the resignations and mutual releases, effective as of the Effective Time, of all of the directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries requested by the Parent, in each case, substantially in the form and content of Schedule D hereto, and (b) separation agreements, effective as of the Effective Time, with each member of senior management who will be terminated by the Company as of the Effective Time as requested by the Parent on terms

A-78

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and conditions acceptable to the Company, the Parent, each acting reasonably, and the applicable member of management, provided that each such separation agreement shall (i) be conditional upon consummation of the Arrangement; (ii) be effective as at the Effective Time; (iii) provide for the severance payments payable to such member of management pursuant to such member of management's employment or consulting arrangements with the Company and applicable Law; (iv) provide for the entitlements payable to such member of management pursuant to the Company Equity Incentive Plans; and (v) contain a mutual release substantially with the content of the mutual release contained in Schedule D hereto.

5.12

Employee Matters

(a)

The Parties acknowledge that the Arrangement will result in a "change of control" (or a term of similar import) for purposes of the Company Equity Incentive Plans and any employment agreements of the Company Employees. From and after the Effective Time, the Parent covenants and agrees to cause the Company and any successor to the Company, to honour, satisfy, pay and fully comply in all material respects with the terms of all existing employment, consulting, indemnification, incentive and bonus (long term and short term), change in control, severance, notice, termination or other compensation arrangements and agreements, and employment and severance obligations of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries that were entered into prior to the date of this Agreement in the ordinary course including any such arrangements, agreements or obligations arising under or in connection with a Company Benefit Plan (or, if not in the ordinary course, have been disclosed to the Parent in Schedule 3.1(s) of the Company Disclosure Letter). Subject to Section 2.17, nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon any person any right to continue in the employ or service of the Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or affect in any way the right of the Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to terminate his, her or its employment or service, as applicable, at any time. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties acknowledge and agree, and Parent represents, that the Arrangement will not result in a "change in control" (or a term of similar import) for purposes of the Parent Incentive Plans, Parent Benefit Plans and employment, severance or other compensation arrangements or agreements of the Parent Employees. The Company will make any payments pursuant to this section 5.12 through the payroll systems of the Company. All such amounts required to be paid pursuant to this section 5.12 shall be paid net of any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 2.14.

(b)

As soon as practicable following the date hereof and subject to Schedule 5.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, the Parent shall provide the Company with a list identifying all expected Non-Continuing Employees. The Parent and the Company shall consult in good faith in determining which Company Employees will be Non-Continuing Employees and the related employee communication plans between the date hereof and the Effective Time.

(c)

Within 30 days of the Effective Time, the Parent shall:

(i)

grant Parent Incentive Awards and target cash-based short-term incentive opportunities to each Continuing Employee that was not granted Company Incentive Awards and cash-based short-term incentive opportunities in the ordinary course in the period between the date hereof and the Effective Time, which Parent Incentive Awards and cash-based short-term incentive opportunities shall have substantially the same value and terms, in the aggregate, as those Company Incentive Awards and cash-based short-term incentive opportunities that such Continuing Employee would have received in the ordinary course during such period; and

(ii)

based on consultations with the Company prior to the Effective Time, grant Parent RSUs, as retention awards, to each holder of Company PSUs who is a Continuing Employee, which Parent RSUs: (A) shall have substantially the same value as the difference in value between: (i) the cash payment the holder would have received for such holder's Company PSUs held as at the Effective Time if the holder was a Non-Continuing Employee; and (ii) cash payment the holder of such Company PSUs actually received for the Company PSUs held at the Effective Time; and (B) shall vest as to 50% on the first anniversary of the grant date and as to the remaining 50% on the second anniversary of the grant date.

A-79

TABLE OF CONTENTS

5.13

Pre-Acquisition Reorganization

(a)

The Company agrees that, upon request by the Parent, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts to, (i) effect such reorganizations of the Company's or its Subsidiaries' business, operations and assets or such other transactions as the Parent may request, acting reasonably (each a "Pre-Acquisition Reorganization"), (ii) co-operate with the Parent and its advisors in order to determine the nature of the Pre-Acquisition Reorganizations that might be undertaken and the manner in which they might most effectively be undertaken; and (iii) reasonably cooperate with the Parent and its advisors to seek to obtain any consents, approvals, waivers or authorizations reasonably required in connection with the Pre-Acquisition Reorganization; provided, however, that the Pre-Acquisition Reorganizations (A) are not prejudicial to the Company or its securityholders and do not result in Taxes being imposed on, or any adverse Tax or other consequences to, Company Shareholders or holders of Company Incentive Awards incrementally greater than the Taxes or other consequences to such Party in connection with the consummation of the Arrangement in the absence of any Pre-Acquisition Reorganization; (B) do not require the Company to obtain the approval of the Company Shareholders or any consent of any third party (including any Regulatory Approval); (C) do not impede, delay or prevent the satisfaction of any other conditions set forth in Article 6; (D) do not impair, impede or delay the consummation of the Arrangement, and would not reasonably be expected to prevent any Person from making a Company Superior Proposal; (E) do not unreasonably interfere with the Company's operations prior to the Effective Time; (F) do not result in any breach by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Contract or Authorization or any breach by the Company of the Company's constating documents or by any of its Subsidiaries of their respective organization documents or Law; (G) are to be completed as close as reasonably practicable prior to the Effective Time, and can be unwound in the event the Arrangement is not consummated without adversely affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any manner; (H) are not required to be completed unless and until the Parent has irrevocably confirmed in writing that all of the conditions in favour of the Parent in Section 6.2 have been either satisfied or waived and that the Parent is prepared to promptly and without condition proceed with the completion of the Arrangement; and (I) do not require any director, Company Employee or agent of the Company to take any action in any capacity other than as a director, Company Employee or agent of the Company.

(b)

The Parent shall provide written notice to the Company of any proposed Pre-Acquisition Reorganization at least thirty (30) days prior to the anticipated Effective Time. Upon receipt of such notice, the Parent and the Company shall work co-operatively and use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare prior to the Effective Time all documentation necessary and do all such other acts and things as are necessary (including all corporate documentation required to implement the Pre-Acquisition Reorganization) to give effect to such Pre-Acquisition Reorganization.

(c)

The Parent agrees that any action (and the result of any action) taken by or on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries in furtherance of or respect of a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization shall be deemed not to result in any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or closing condition herein (including where any such Pre-Acquisition Reorganization requires the consent of any third party).

(d)

If the Arrangement is not completed, the Parent shall promptly:

(i)

reimburse the Company and its Subsidiaries for all Taxes, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in respect of a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization, and including all amounts relating to the considering, effecting, voiding, reversing or unwinding of a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization; and

(ii)

indemnify and save harmless the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors and Representatives from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, Taxes, claims, costs, expenses, interest awards, judgments and penalties suffered or incurred by any of them in respect of or as a result of a Pre-Acquisition Reorganization, or to reverse, terminate, modify or unwind any Pre-Acquisition Reorganization.

A-80

TABLE OF CONTENTS

5.14

Filings

The Parties will cooperate reasonably and in good faith to determine whether the transactions set out in this Agreement and any related transactions are required to be reported to any applicable taxing authority pursuant to section 237.3 or 237.4 of the Tax Act (or any provisions of similar effect) and, if so, the Parties shall cooperate to make such reporting in a comprehensive and timely manner, in the form required by such Law. The Parties may request reasonable representations and warranties from each other to the extent necessary to establish any factual matters relevant to the determination of whether reporting is required and the content of such reporting.

5.15

Access to Information; Confidentiality

(a)

From the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms, subject to compliance with applicable Law and the terms of any existing Contracts, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives to, afford to the Parent and to its Representatives such access as the Parent may reasonably require at all reasonable times, to the Company's officers, employees, agents, properties, books, records and Contracts (including Tax Returns and Tax work papers), and shall furnish the Parent with all data and information as the Parent may reasonably request, provided that the Company shall not be required to afford such access or furnish such information to the extent that the Company believes, in its reasonable good faith judgment, that doing so would (i) result in the loss of attorney-client, work product or other privilege, (ii) result in the disclosure of any trade secrets of third parties or violate any obligations of the Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries with respect to confidentiality to any third party, or otherwise breach, contravene or violate any such effective Contract to which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is a party, or (iii) breach, contravene or violate any applicable Law. Without limiting the foregoing, during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives to, afford the Parent and its Representatives such access to the Company Employees, the Company Property, the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the data, information and records (including data, information and records relating to Company Employees and such monthly reports with respect to the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as the Parent may reasonably request) as is reasonably necessary in order for the Parent to observe the Company's operations, to facilitate the closing of the Arrangement and the transition of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Parent, including the right to have Representatives of the Parent on-site at the Company's mines and processing facilities on the Company Property from time to time at the Parent's request; and instruct the Representatives of the Company and its Subsidiaries to cooperate with the Parent and its Representatives in its exercise of such rights; provided that any such access shall be during normal business hours upon reasonable advance notice to the Company, under the supervision of the Company's personnel and in such a manner as not to interfere with the conduct of the Company's business or any other businesses of the Company; provided further that in no event shall Parent or any of its Representatives be permitted to conduct any invasive or subsurface environmental testing, sampling or investigation of any environmental media or building materials, including the mines or processing facilities on the Company Property. All such access shall be at the sole risk of the Parent and its Representatives, and the Parent shall comply with and cause its Representatives to comply with all of the Company's policies with regard to health and safety while visiting any mines or processing facilities on the Company Property.

(b)

The Parent and the Company acknowledge and agree that information furnished pursuant to this Section 5.15 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement.

5.16

Insurance and Indemnification

(a)

Prior to the Effective Date, the Company shall purchase customary "tail" policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance providing protection no less favourable in the aggregate to the protection provided by the policies maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries which are in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date and providing protection in respect of claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or prior to the Effective Date and the Parent will, or will cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to, maintain such tail policies in effect without any reduction in scope or coverage for six years from the Effective Date; provided that (i) the Parent shall not be required to

A-81

TABLE OF CONTENTS

pay any amounts in respect of such coverage prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) the cost of such policy shall not exceed 400% of the Company's current annual aggregate premium for policies currently maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries; provided that if such insurance can only be obtained at a premium in excess of the aforementioned amount, the Company may purchase such insurance at such excess premium only on commercially reasonable terms and market-based pricing following consultation in good faith with Parent and Parent's consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

(b)

The Parent agrees that it shall honour all rights to indemnification or exculpation now existing in favour of present and former officers and directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and acknowledges that such rights shall survive the completion of the Plan of Arrangement and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of not less than six (6) years from the Effective Date.

(c)

If the Company or the Parent or any of their respective successors or assigns shall (i) amalgamate, consolidate with or merge or wind-up into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity; or (ii) transfer all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provisions shall be made so that the successors and assigns and transferees of the Company or the Parent, as the case may be, shall assume all of the obligations of the Company or the Parent, as applicable, set forth in this Section 5.16.

(d)

The provisions of this Section 5.16 are intended for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each insured or indemnified Person, his or her heirs and his or her legal representatives and, for such purpose, the Company hereby confirms that it is acting as agent on their behalf. Furthermore, this Section 5.16 shall survive the termination of this Agreement as a result of the occurrence of the Effective Date for a period of six years.

5.17

Parent Charter Amendment

Prior to the Effective Time, and subject to obtaining the Parent Stockholder Approvals, Parent shall file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware the Parent Charter Amendment.

ARTICLE 6

CONDITIONS

6.1

Mutual Conditions Precedent

The obligations of the Parties to complete the Arrangement are subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time, each of which may only be waived, in whole or in part, with the mutual consent of the Parties:

(a)

the Arrangement Resolution shall have been approved and adopted by the Company Shareholders at the Company Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order;

(b)

the Interim Order and the Final Order shall each have been obtained on terms consistent with this Agreement, and shall not have been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to either the Company or the Parent, each acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise;

(c)

the Parent Stockholder Approvals shall have been obtained in accordance with the rules of the NYSE (with respect to the Parent Stock Issuance) and the DGCL (with respect to the Parent Charter Amendment) at the Parent Meeting;

(d)

the Parent Charter Amendment shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and be in full force and effect;

(e)

no Law is in effect that makes the consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibits or enjoins the Company or the Parent from consummating the Arrangement;

(f)

the Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) thereof;

A-82

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(g)

the distribution of the Consideration Shares shall be exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws either by virtue of exemptive relief from the securities regulatory authorities of each of the provinces and territories of Canada or by virtue of applicable exemptions under Canadian Securities Laws and shall not be subject to resale restrictions under applicable Canadian Securities Laws;

(h)

the Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and TSX (subject only to customary conditions);

(i)

the Required Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained and shall not have been modified or rescinded; and

(j)

this Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms.

6.2

Additional Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Parent and Purchaser

The obligation of the Parent and Purchaser to complete the Arrangement is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time (each of which is for the exclusive benefit of the Parent and Purchaser and may be waived by the Parent, in whole or in part, at any time):

(a)

all covenants of the Company under this Agreement to be performed on or before the Effective Time shall have been duly performed by the Company in all material respects and the Parent shall have received a certificate of the Company addressed to the Parent and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by a senior executive officer of the Company (on the Company's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same as of the Effective Date;

(b)

(i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement (other than as contemplated in clauses (ii) and (iii)) shall be true and correct in all respects, without regard to any materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in them, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), except where the failure or failures of all such representations and warranties to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.1(a) [Organization and Qualification], 3.1(b) [Authority Relative to this Agreement], 3.1(c)(i)(A)(1) [No Conflict - No Violation of Constating Documents] and 3.1(t)(v) [Absence of Certain Changes or Events - No Company Material Adverse Effect] shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time, and (iii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.1(d) [Subsidiaries], 3.1(g) [Capitalization and Listing] and 3.1(jj) [Brokers] shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies and as a result of transactions, changes, conditions, events or circumstances permitted hereunder) as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), and the Parent shall have received a certificate of the Company addressed to the Parent and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Company by a senior executive officer of the Company (on the Company's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same;

(c)

between the date hereof and the Effective Time, there shall not have occurred a Company Material Adverse Effect that is continuing as of the Effective Time; and

(d)

Dissent Rights shall not have been exercised (or, if exercised, not withdrawn) with respect to more than 5% of the issued and outstanding Company Shares.

A-83

TABLE OF CONTENTS

6.3

Additional Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company

The obligation of the Company to complete the Arrangement is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time (each of which is for the exclusive benefit of the Company and may be waived by the Company, in whole or in part, at any time):

(a)

all covenants of the Parent under this Agreement to be performed on or before the Effective Time shall have been duly performed by the Parent in all material respects and the Company shall have received a certificate of the Parent, addressed to the Company and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Parent by a senior executive officer (on the Parent's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same as of the Effective Date;

(b)

(i) the representations and warranties of the Parent set forth in this Agreement (other than as contemplated in clauses (ii) and (iii)) shall be true and correct in all respects, without regard to any materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in them, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), except where the failure or failures of all such representations and warranties to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the representations and warranties of the Parent set forth in Sections 4.1(a) [Organization and Qualification], 4.1(b) [Authority Relative to this Agreement], 4.1(c)(i)(A)(1) [No Conflict - No Violation of Constating Documents], and 4.1(s)(v) [Absence of Certain Changes or Events - No Parent Material Adverse Effect] shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time, and (iii) the representations and warranties of the Parent set forth in Sections 4.1(d) [Subsidiaries], 4.1(g) [Capitalization and Listing] and 4.1(hh) [Brokers] shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies and as a result of transactions, changes, conditions, events or circumstances permitted hereunder) as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), and the Company shall have received a certificate of the Parent addressed to the Company and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Parent by a senior executive officer of the Parent (on the Parent's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same;

(c)

the Parent shall have deposited, or caused to be deposited, with the Depositary sufficient Parent Shares to satisfy its obligations under Section 2.12, and the Depositary shall have confirmed to the Company its receipt of such Parent Shares;

(d)

between the date hereof and the Effective Time, there shall not have occurred a Parent Material Adverse Effect that is continuing as of the Effective Time; and

(e)

the Company Director Nominees (to the extent they consented to their appointment) shall have been appointed to the Parent Board effective as of the Effective Time.

6.4

Satisfaction of Conditions

The conditions precedent set out in Section 6.1, Section 6.2 and Section 6.3 will be conclusively deemed to have been satisfied at the Effective Time. For greater certainty, and notwithstanding the terms of any escrow arrangement entered into between the Parent and the Depositary, all Parent Shares held in escrow by the Depositary pursuant to Section 2.12 shall be released from escrow at the Effective Time without any further act or formality required on the part of any Person.

A-84

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 7

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS OF THE COMPANY REGARDING

ACQUISITION PROPOSALS

7.1

Non-Solicitation by the Company

(a)

Except as expressly provided in this Article 7, until the earlier of the Effective Time or the date, if any, on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.2, the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall not authorize any of their respective Representatives to:

(i)

solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or otherwise knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing or providing copies of, access to, or disclosure of, any confidential information, properties, facilities, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal;

(ii)

engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person (other than the Parent or its affiliates) in respect of any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, provided that the Company may (A) advise any Person of the restrictions of this Agreement, (B) clarify the terms of any proposal in order to determine if it is or may reasonably be expected to result in a Company Superior Proposal, and (C) advise any Person making an Acquisition Proposal that the Company Board has determined that such Acquisition Proposal does not constitute, or is not reasonably expected to result in, a Company Superior Proposal; or

(iii)

(A) adopt, approve, publicly endorse or publicly recommend or publicly propose to adopt, approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal, (B) withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, or otherwise publicly propose to withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the Company Board Recommendation, (C) if an Acquisition Proposal has been publicly disclosed, fail to publicly recommend against any such Acquisition Proposal within ten (10) business days after Parent's written request that the Company or the Company Board of Directors do so (or subsequently withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify (or publicly propose to do so), in a manner adverse to Parent, such rejection of such Acquisition Proposal) and reaffirm the Company Board Recommendation within such ten (10) business day period (or, with respect to any Acquisition Proposals or material amendments, revisions or changes to the terms of any such previously publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal that are publicly disclosed within the last ten (10) days prior to the then-scheduled Company Meeting, fail to take the actions referred to in this clause (iii), with references to the applicable ten (10) business day period being replaced with three (3) business days), (D) fail to include the Company Board Recommendation in the Company Circular, (E) approve or authorize, or cause or permit the Company or any Company Subsidiary to enter into, any merger agreement, acquisition agreement, reorganization agreement, letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or similar agreement or document relating to, or any other agreement or commitment providing for, any Acquisition Proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement entered into in accordance with Section 7.3(d)) or (F) commit or agree to do any of the foregoing (any act described in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F) (to the extent related to the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E)) a "Company Change in Recommendation").

(b)

The Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and direct their respective Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussion or negotiation with any Person (other than the Parent or its affiliates) with respect to any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal and, in connection therewith, the Company will discontinue access to any of its and its Subsidiaries' confidential information (and not establish or allow access to any of its confidential information, or any data room, virtual or otherwise, in each case, except as permitted by this Agreement) and shall as promptly as reasonably practicable request, and use commercially reasonable efforts to exercise all rights it has (or cause its Subsidiaries to exercise rights that they have) to require the return or destruction of all confidential information regarding the Company and

A-85

TABLE OF CONTENTS

its Subsidiaries provided in the preceding 12-month period in connection therewith (to the extent such information has not already been returned or destroyed and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that such requests are complied with in accordance with the terms of such rights). The Company shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, amend, modify or release any third party from any confidentiality, non-solicitation or standstill agreement (or standstill provisions contained in any such agreement) to which such third party is a party (it being understood that the automatic termination or release of any standstill provisions contained in any such agreements as a result of the entering into or announcement of this Agreement shall not be a violation of this Section 7.1(b), or terminate, modify, amend or waive the terms thereof).

(c)

For the avoidance of doubt, any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 7.1 by the Company Board (including any committee thereof), by any of the Company's officers, by any of the Company's other affiliates or by any of their respective Representatives shall be a breach of this Section 7.1 by the Company.

7.2

Notification of Acquisition Proposals

If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives receives (x) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal or (y) any request for non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, then the Company shall promptly notify the Parent orally and then as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (and, in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours) in writing of such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request and shall indicate the identity of the Person or group of Persons making such proposal, inquiry or contact and all material terms and conditions thereof and shall provide a copy of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request and unredacted copies of all material written communications (and a summary of all substantive discussions) related thereto. The Company shall keep the Parent promptly (and in any event within 24 hours) informed of the status and any change to the material terms, of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request. The Company agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, enter into any agreement with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits the Company from providing any information to the Parent in accordance with, or otherwise complying with, this Article 7.

7.3

Responding to Acquisition Proposals

Notwithstanding Section 7.1, if, prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by the Company Shareholders, the Company receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal, the Company may (x) engage in or participate in discussions and negotiations with the Person or group of Persons making such Acquisition Proposal, and (y) provide such Person or group of Persons non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of the Company or any Subsidiary, if and only if:

(a)

the Company Board first determines, in good faith after consultation with the Company's legal and financial advisors, that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a Company Superior Proposal and has provided the Parent with written notice of such determination;

(b)

the Company Board first determines, in good faith after consultation with the Company's legal and financial advisors, that the failure to participate in such discussions or negotiations or to disclose such non-public information to such third party would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law;

(c)

such Acquisition Proposal did not result from a breach of Section 7.1 by the Company in any material respect; and

(d)

prior to providing any such copies, access or disclosures, (i) the Company enters into a confidentiality agreement with such Person, or confirms it has previously entered into such an agreement which remains in effect, in either case on terms not materially less stringent than the Confidentiality Agreement, (ii) the Company provides the Parent with a true, complete and final executed copy of such confidentiality agreement, and (iii) any such copies, access or disclosure provided to such Person shall have already been or shall concurrently be provided to the Parent.

A-86

TABLE OF CONTENTS

7.4

Superior Proposals and Right to Match

(a)

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if, prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by the Company Shareholders, the Company receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that the Company Board (after consultation with the Company's legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith constitutes a Company Superior Proposal, the Company Board may make a Company Change in Recommendation and/or enter into a definitive agreement (a "Company Proposed Agreement") with respect to such Company Superior Proposal if and only if:

(i)

such Acquisition Proposal did not result from a breach of Section 7.1 by the Company in any material respect;

(ii)

prior to making a Company Change in Recommendation and/or entering into a Company Proposed Agreement, the Company has provided the Parent with a notice in writing (a "Superior Proposal Notice"), which notice shall contain (A) a statement that the Company Board has determined such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Company Superior Proposal, (B) the value in financial terms that the Company Board has determined should be ascribed to any non-cash consideration offered under such Company Superior Proposal, (C) a copy of any Company Proposed Agreement relating to such Company Superior Proposal, and (D) copies of any material financing documents provided to the Company in connection therewith (with customary redactions);

(iii)

at least five business days (the "Matching Period") shall have elapsed from the date that the Parent received the Superior Proposal Notice from the Company;

(iv)

during the Matching Period, the Parent shall have had the opportunity (but not the obligation) to amend the terms of the Arrangement in accordance with Section 7.4(b);

(v)

after the Matching Period, the Company Board (after consultation with the Company's legal and financial advisors) has determined in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal continues to constitute a Company Superior Proposal compared to any proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement by the Parent; and

(vi)

prior to or concurrently with entering into such Company Proposed Agreement, the Company shall have terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iv)(C) and shall have paid to the Parent the Company Termination Payment pursuant to Section 9.4(c)(ii).

(b)

The Company acknowledges and agrees that, during the Matching Period, (i) the Parent shall have the opportunity, but not the obligation, to propose to amend the terms of the Arrangement, (ii) the Company shall negotiate in good faith with the Parent regarding any amendments that the Parent may propose to the terms of the Arrangement as would enable the Parent to proceed with the Arrangement and any related transactions on such amended terms, and (iii) the Company Board shall review any proposal by the Parent to amend the terms of the Arrangement in order to determine in good faith whether such proposal, if implemented in accordance with its terms, would result in the Acquisition Proposal previously constituting a Company Superior Proposal ceasing to constitute a Company Superior Proposal compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement. If the Company Board determines that such Acquisition Proposal would cease to constitute a Company Superior Proposal as compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement, the Company and the Parent will promptly amend this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement to reflect such proposed amendments.

(c)

The Company Board shall promptly reaffirm the Company Board Recommendation by press release after: (i) any Acquisition Proposal which the Company Board determines not to constitute a Company Superior Proposal is publicly announced; or (ii) the Company Board determines that a proposed amendment to the terms of the Arrangement pursuant to Section 7.4(b) would result in any Acquisition Proposal which has been publicly announced no longer constituting a Company Superior Proposal. The Parent and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the form and content of any such press release, recognizing that whether or not such comments are appropriate will be determined by the Company, acting reasonably.

A-87

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(d)

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company Board from responding through a directors' circular or otherwise as required by applicable Securities Laws to an Acquisition Proposal that it determines is not a Company Superior Proposal if: (i) in the good faith judgment of the Company Board, after consultation with outside legal counsel, failure to make such disclosure would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties or such disclosure is otherwise required by applicable Law, (ii) the Company provides each of the Parent and its legal counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the form and content of any such disclosure, including but not limited to the directors' circular or otherwise, and (iii) the Company considers all reasonable amendments to such disclosure as requested by the Parent and its legal counsel, acting reasonably. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Company Board from (i) calling and holding a meeting of Company Shareholders requisitioned by Company Shareholders in accordance with the BCBCA, or (ii) calling and holding a meeting of Company Shareholders ordered to be held by a court in accordance with Law.

(e)

Each successive amendment or modification of any Acquisition Proposal that results in an increase in, or modification of, the consideration (or value of such consideration) to be received by the Company Shareholders or other material terms or conditions thereof, shall constitute a new Acquisition Proposal for the purposes of this Section 7.4 (except that the Matching Period in respect of any such successive amendment or modification shall be two business days).

ARTICLE 8

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARENT REGARDING ACQUISITION PROPOSALS

8.1

Non-Solicitation by the Parent

(a)

Except as expressly provided in this Article 8, until the earlier of the Effective Time or the date, if any, on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.2, the Parent shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, and shall not authorize any of their respective Representatives to:

(i)

solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or otherwise knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing or providing copies of, access to, or disclosure of, any confidential information, properties, facilities, books or records of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal;

(ii)

engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person (other than the Company or its affiliates) in respect of any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, provided that the Parent may (A) advise any Person of the restrictions of this Agreement, (B) clarify the terms of any proposal in order to determine if it is or may reasonably be expected to result in a Parent Superior Proposal, and (C) advise any Person making an Acquisition Proposal that the Parent Board has determined that such Acquisition Proposal does not constitute, or is not reasonably expected to result in, a Parent Superior Proposal; or

(iii)

(A) adopt, approve, publicly endorse or publicly recommend or publicly propose to adopt, approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal, (B) withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, or otherwise publicly propose to withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, in a manner adverse to the Company, the Parent Board Recommendation, (C) if an Acquisition Proposal has been publicly disclosed, fail to publicly recommend against any such Acquisition Proposal within ten (10) business days after the Company's written request that the Parent or the Parent Board of Directors do so (or subsequently withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify (or publicly propose to do so), in a manner adverse to Company, such rejection of such Acquisition Proposal) and reaffirm the Parent Board Recommendation within such ten (10) business day period (or, with respect to any Acquisition Proposals or material amendments, revisions or changes to the terms of any such previously publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal that are publicly disclosed within the last ten (10) days prior to the then-scheduled Parent Meeting, fail to take the actions referred to in this clause (iii), with references to the applicable ten (10) business day period being replaced with three (3) business days), (D) fail to include the Parent Board Recommendation in the Parent Proxy Statement, (E) approve or authorize, or cause or permit the Parent or any

A-88

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Parent Subsidiary to enter into, any merger agreement, acquisition agreement, reorganization agreement, letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or similar agreement or document relating to, or any other agreement or commitment providing for, any Acquisition Proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement entered into in accordance with Section 8.3(d)) or (F) commit or agree to do any of the foregoing (any act described in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F) (to the extent related to the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E)) a "Parent Change in Recommendation").

(b)

The Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and direct their respective Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussion or negotiation with any Person (other than the Company or its affiliates) with respect to any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal and, in connection therewith, the Parent will discontinue access to any of its and its Subsidiaries' confidential information (and not establish or allow access to any of its confidential information, or any data room, virtual or otherwise, in each case, except as permitted by this Agreement) and shall as promptly as reasonably practicable request, and use commercially reasonable efforts to exercise all rights it has (or cause its Subsidiaries to exercise rights that they have) to require the return or destruction of all confidential information regarding the Parent and its Subsidiaries provided in the preceding 12-month period in connection therewith (to the extent such information has not already been returned or destroyed and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that such requests are complied with in accordance with the terms of such rights). The Parent shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, amend, modify or release any third party from any confidentiality, non-solicitation or standstill agreement (or standstill provisions contained in any such agreement) to which such third party is a party (it being understood that the automatic termination or release of any standstill provisions contained in any such agreements as a result of the entering into or announcement of this Agreement shall not be a violation of this Section 8.1(b)), or terminate, modify, amend or waive the terms thereof.

(c)

For the avoidance of doubt, any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.1 by the Parent Board (including any committee thereof), by any of the Parent's officers, by any of the Parent's other affiliates or by any of their respective Representatives shall be a breach of this Section 8.1 by the Parent.

8.2

Notification of Acquisition Proposals

If the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives receives (x) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal or (y) any request for non-public information relating to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of the Parent or any Subsidiary in connection with any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, then the Parent shall promptly notify the Company orally and then as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (and, in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours) in writing of such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request and shall indicate the identity of the Person or group of Persons making such proposal, inquiry or contact and all material terms and conditions thereof and shall provide a copy of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request and unredacted copies of all material written communications (and a summary of all substantive discussions) related thereto. The Parent shall keep the Company promptly (and in any event within 24 hours) informed of the status and any change to the material terms, of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request. The Parent agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, enter into any agreement with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits the Parent from providing any information to Company in accordance with, or otherwise complying with, this Article 8.

8.3

Responding to Acquisition Proposals

Notwithstanding Section 8.1, if, prior to the Parent Stockholder Approvals, the Parent receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal, the Parent may (x) engage in or participate in discussions and negotiations with the Person or group of Persons making such Acquisition Proposal, and (y) provide such Person or group of Persons non-public information relating to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of the Parent or any Subsidiary, if and only if:

A-89

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(a)

the Parent Board first determines, in good faith after consultation with the Parent's legal and financial advisors, that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a Parent Superior Proposal and has provided the Company with written notice of such determination;

(b)

the Parent Board first determines, in good faith after consultation with the Parent's legal and financial advisors, that the failure to participate in such discussions or negotiations or to disclose such non-public information to such third party would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties or such disclosure is otherwise required by applicable Law;

(c)

such Acquisition Proposal did not result from a breach of Section 8.1 by the Parent in any material respect; and

(d)

prior to providing any such copies, access or disclosures, (i) the Parent enters into a confidentiality agreement with such Person, or confirms it has previously entered into such an agreement which remains in effect, in either case on terms not materially less stringent than the Confidentiality Agreement, (ii) the Parent provides the Company with a true, complete and final executed copy of such confidentiality agreement, and (iii) any such copies, access or disclosure provided to such Person shall have already been or shall concurrently be provided to the Company.

8.4

Superior Proposals and Right to Match

(a)

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if, prior to the Parent Stockholder Approvals, the Parent receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that the Parent Board (after consultation with the Parent's legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith constitutes a Parent Superior Proposal, the Parent Board may make a Parent Change in Recommendation and/or enter into a definitive agreement (a "Parent Proposed Agreement") with respect to such Parent Superior Proposal if and only if:

(i)

such Acquisition Proposal did not result from a breach of Section 8.1 by the Parent in any material respect;

(ii)

prior to making a Parent Change in Recommendation and/or entering into a Parent Proposed Agreement, the Parent has provided the Company with a notice in writing (a "Parent Superior Proposal Notice"), which notice shall contain (A) a statement that the Parent Board has determined such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Parent Superior Proposal, (B) the value in financial terms that the Parent Board has determined should be ascribed to any non-cash consideration offered under such Parent Superior Proposal, (C) a copy of any Parent Proposed Agreement relating to such Parent Superior Proposal, and (D) copies of any material financing documents provided to the Parent in connection therewith (with customary redactions);

(iii)

at least five business days (the "Parent Matching Period") shall have elapsed from the date that the Company received the Parent Superior Proposal Notice from the Parent;

(iv)

during the Parent Matching Period, the Company shall have had the opportunity (but not the obligation) to amend the terms of the Arrangement in accordance with Section 8.4(b);

(v)

after the Parent Matching Period, the Parent Board (after consultation with the Parent's legal and financial advisors) has determined in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal continues to constitute a Parent Superior Proposal compared to any proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement by the Company; and

(vi)

prior to or concurrently with entering into such Parent Proposed Agreement, the Parent shall have terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iii)(C) and shall have paid to the Company the Parent Termination Payment pursuant to Section 9.4(e)(ii).

(b)

The Parent acknowledges and agrees that, during the Parent Matching Period, (i) the Company shall have the opportunity, but not the obligation, to propose to amend the terms of the Arrangement, (ii) the Parent shall negotiate in good faith with the Company regarding any amendments that the Company may propose to the terms of the Arrangement as would enable the Company to proceed

A-90

TABLE OF CONTENTS

with the Arrangement and any related transactions on such amended terms, and (iii) the Parent Board shall review any proposal by the Parent to amend the terms of the Arrangement in order to determine in good faith whether such proposal, if implemented in accordance with its terms, would result in the Acquisition Proposal previously constituting a Parent Superior Proposal ceasing to constitute a Parent Superior Proposal compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement. If the Parent Board determines that such Acquisition Proposal would cease to constitute a Parent Superior Proposal as compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement, the Parent and the Company will promptly amend this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement to reflect such proposed amendments.

(c)

The Parent Board shall promptly reaffirm the Parent Board Recommendation by press release after: (i) any Acquisition Proposal which the Parent Board determines not to constitute a Parent Superior Proposal is publicly announced; or (ii) the Parent Board determines that a proposed amendment to the terms of the Arrangement pursuant to Section 8.4(b) would result in any Acquisition Proposal which has been publicly announced no longer constituting a Parent Superior Proposal. The Company and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the form and content of any such press release, recognizing that whether or not such comments are appropriate will be determined by the Parent, acting reasonably.

(d)

Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Parent Board from (i) calling and holding a meeting of the Parent Stockholders requisitioned by the Parent Stockholders in accordance the Parent's constating documents, (ii) calling and holding a meeting of the Parent Stockholders ordered to be held by a court in accordance with Law, (iii) disclosing to the Parent Stockholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or other disclosure required to be made in the Parent Proxy Statement by applicable laws, and (iv) making any "stop, look and listen" communication to the Parent Stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, or any similar statement in response to any publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal; provided that any "stop, look and listen" statement, or any such similar statement also includes an express reaffirmation of the Parent Board Recommendation.

(e)

Each successive amendment or modification of any Acquisition Proposal that results in an increase in, or modification of, the consideration (or value of such consideration) to be received by the Parent Stockholders or other material terms or conditions thereof, shall constitute a new Acquisition Proposal for the purposes of this Section 8.4 (except that the Matching Period in respect of any such successive amendment or modification shall be two business days).

ARTICLE 9

TERM, TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

9.1

Term

This Agreement shall be effective from the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

9.2

Termination

(a)

This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time:

(i)

by mutual written agreement of the Company and the Parent;

(ii)

by either the Company or the Parent, if:

(A)

the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before May 15, 2026 (the "Initial Outside Date" and as may be extended pursuant to this Section 9.2(a)(ii)(A), the "Outside Date"); provided, however, that if (x) the Effective Time has not occurred by such date by reason of nonsatisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 6.1(i) and (y) all other conditions in Article 6 have theretofore been satisfied (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Effective Time, each of which is capable of being satisfied at the Effective Time) or (to the extent permitted by Law) waived, the Outside Date will be August 15, 2026; provided, further that the

A-91

TABLE OF CONTENTS

right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.2(a)(ii)(A) shall not be available to any Party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur by the Outside Date;

(B)

after the date hereof, there shall have been enacted, made or enforced any applicable Law (or any applicable Law shall have been amended) that makes consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibited or enjoins the Company or the Parent from consummating the Arrangement and such applicable Law, prohibition or enjoinment shall have become final and non-appealable; provided that the Party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.2(a)(ii)(B) has used its commercially reasonable efforts, as applicable and to the extent required by Section 5.10, to appeal or overturn such law or otherwise have it lifted or rendered non-applicable in respect of the Arrangement, and provided further that the enactment, making, enforcement or amendment of such Law was not primarily due to the failure of such Party to perform any of its covenants or agreements hereunder;

(C)

the Company Shareholder Approval shall not have been obtained at the Company Meeting (or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof) in accordance with the Interim Order, except that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.2(a)(ii)(C) shall not be available to any Party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties in any material respect under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure to receive the Company Shareholder Approval; or

(D)

the Parent Stockholder Approvals shall not have been obtained at the Parent Meeting (or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof) in accordance with applicable Law, except that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.2(a)(ii)(D) shall not be available to any Party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties in any material respect under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure to receive the Parent Stockholder Approvals; or

(iii)

by the Parent, if:

(A)

(1) there is a Company Change in Recommendation or (2) the Company shall have breached Section 7.1 in any material respect;

(B)

subject to compliance with Section 9.3, (x) a breach of any representation or warranty, or (y) failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set forth in this Agreement (other than Section 7.1), in each case, shall have occurred that would cause the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 or 6.2 not to be satisfied, and (i) such breach or failure is incapable of being cured prior to the Outside Date or, (ii) if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by the time provided in Section 9.3(b); provided that the Parent is not then in breach of this Agreement so as to cause any condition in Sections 6.1 or 6.3 not to be satisfied; or

(C)

prior to the Parent Stockholder Approvals, the Parent wishes to enter into a Parent Proposed Agreement with respect to a Parent Superior Proposal (other than a confidentiality and standstill agreement permitted by Section 8.3); provided that the Parent is then in compliance with Article 8 in all material respects and that, prior to or concurrently with such termination, the Parent pays the Parent Termination Payment pursuant to Section 9.4(e); or

(iv)

by the Company, if:

(A)

(1) there is a Parent Change in Recommendation or (2) the Parent shall have breached Section 8.1 in any material respect;

A-92

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(B)

subject to compliance with Section 9.3, (x) a breach of any representation or warranty, or (y) failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Parent set forth in this Agreement (other than in Section 8.1), in each case, shall have occurred that would cause the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 or 6.3 not to be satisfied, and (i) such breach or failure is incapable of being cured prior to the Outside Date or, (ii) if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by the time provided in Section 9.3(b); provided that the Company is not then in breach of this Agreement so as to cause any condition in Sections 6.1 or 6.2 not to be satisfied; or

(C)

prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution, the Company wishes to enter into a Company Proposed Agreement with respect to a Company Superior Proposal (other than a confidentiality and standstill agreement permitted by Section 7.3); provided that the Company is then in compliance with Article 7 in all material respects and that, prior to or concurrently with such termination, the Company pays the Company Termination Payment pursuant to Section 9.4(c).

(b)

The Party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.2 (other than pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(i)) shall give notice of such termination to the other Parties, specifying in reasonable detail the basis for such Party's exercise of its termination right.

(c)

If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.1 or Section 9.2, this Agreement shall become void and be of no further force or effect without liability of any Party (or any shareholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or representative of such Party) to any other Party hereto, except that: (i) in the event of termination under Section 9.1 as a result of the Effective Time occurring, the provisions of this Section 9.2(c) and Sections 2.15, 5.12, 5.13, 5.16, 10.1,10.2, 10.3, 10.5, 10.6 and 10.10 and all related definitions set forth in Section 1.1 shall survive for a period of six (6) years thereafter; and (ii) in the event of termination under Section 9.2, the provisions of this Section 9.2(c) and Sections 5.13, 9.4, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6 and all related definitions set forth in Section 1.1 and the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive indefinitely; provided that, subject to Section 9.4(h), neither Party shall be relieved or released from any liabilities or damages arising out of fraud or wilful breach by it of any provision of this Agreement.

9.3

Notice and Cure

(a)

Each Party shall give prompt notice to the other of the occurrence, or failure to occur, at any time from the date hereof until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms and the Effective Time, of any event or state of facts which occurrence or failure would, or would be likely to:

(i)

cause any of the representations or warranties of such Party contained herein to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect from the date hereof to the Effective Time; or

(ii)

result in the failure to comply with or satisfy any agreement, covenant or condition to be complied with or satisfied by such Party hereunder prior to the Effective Time,

provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 9.3 shall not limit or otherwise affect the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Parties (or remedies available hereunder to the Party receiving that notice) or the conditions to the obligations of the Parties under this Agreement.

(b)

No Party may elect to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the conditions set forth herein or any termination right arising therefrom under Section 9.2(a)(iii)(B) or Section 9.2(a)(iv)(B), as applicable, and no payments are payable as a result of such termination pursuant to Section 9.4 unless, prior to the Effective Date, the Party seeking to terminate this Agreement has delivered a written notice to the other Party indicating its intention to terminate this Agreement specifying in reasonable detail all breaches of covenants, representations and warranties or other matters which the Party delivering such notice is asserting as the basis for termination. After delivering such notice, provided that a Party is proceeding diligently to cure such matter and such matter is capable of being cured, no Party may terminate this Agreement for the reasons set out in such written notice until the earlier of the Outside Date and the expiration of a period of fifteen (15) business days from the date of such notice.

A-93

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If such notice is delivered prior to the date of the Company Meeting, the Company may postpone or adjourn the Company Meeting to the earlier of a date that is five business days prior to the Outside Date and the date that is fifteen (15) business days following the delivery of such notice.

9.4

Termination Payments

(a)

Except as otherwise provided herein, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement shall be paid by the Party incurring such fees, costs or expenses, whether or not the Arrangement is consummated.

(b)

For the purposes of this Agreement, "Company Termination Payment Event" means the termination of this Agreement:

(i)

by the Parent pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iii)(A) [Company Change in Recommendation or Material Breach of Non-Solicitation];

(ii)

by the Company pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iv)(C) [Company Superior Proposal]; or

(iii)

by either Party pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(ii)(A) [Outside Date] or by either Party pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(ii)(C) [Company Shareholder Approval] or by the Parent pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iii)(B) [Company Breach of Representations and Warranties or Covenants], but, in each case, only if (A) prior to such termination, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal in respect of the Company shall have been made to the Company and publicly announced by any Person making the Acquisition Proposal (other than the Parent or its affiliates), (B) such Acquisition Proposal has not expired or been withdrawn at least five business days prior to the Company Meeting, and (C) within 12 months following the date of such termination, either (1) the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of an Acquisition Proposal other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by Section 7.3 (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in clauses (A) and (B) above) and such Acquisition Proposal is subsequently consummated (whether or not within such 12-month period), or (2) an Acquisition Proposal (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in clauses (A) and (B) above) is consummated (and, for purposes of this Section 9.4(b)(iii), the term "Acquisition Proposal" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1, except that any reference to "20%" therein shall be deemed to be a reference to "50%").

(c)

If a Company Termination Payment Event occurs, the Company shall pay the Company Termination Payment to the Parent, or as the Parent may direct, as liquidated damages in consideration for the loss of the Parent's rights under this Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, as follows:

(i)

if the Company Termination Payment is payable pursuant to Section 9.4(b)(i), the Company Termination Payment shall be payable within two (2) business days following such termination;

(ii)

if the Company Termination Payment is payable pursuant to Section 9.4(b)(ii), the Company Termination Payment shall be payable prior to or concurrently with such termination; or

(iii)

if the Company Termination Payment is payable pursuant to Section 9.4(b)(iii), the Company Termination Payment shall be payable concurrently with the consummation of the Acquisition Proposal referred to therein.

(d)

For purposes of this Agreement, "Parent Termination Payment Event" means the termination of this Agreement:

(i)

by the Company pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iv)(A) [Parent Change in Recommendation or Material Breach of Non-Solicitation];

(ii)

by the Parent pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(iii)(C) [Parent Superior Proposal]; or

(iii)

by either Party pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(ii)(A) [Outside Date] or by either Party pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(ii)(D) [Parent Stockholder Approvals] or by the Company pursuant to

A-94

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 9.2(a)(iv)(B) [Parent Breach of Representations and Warranties or Covenants], but, in each case, only if (A) prior to such termination, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal in respect of the Parent shall have been made to the Parent and publicly announced by any Person making the Acquisition Proposal (other than the Company or its affiliates), (B) such Acquisition Proposal has not expired or been withdrawn at least five business days prior to the Parent Meeting, and (C) within 12 months following the date of such termination, either (1) the Parent or one or more of its Subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of an Acquisition Proposal other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by Section 8.3 (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in clauses (A) and (B) above) and such Acquisition Proposal is subsequently consummated (whether or not within such 12-month period), or (2) an Acquisition Proposal (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in clauses (A) and (B) above) is consummated (and, for purposes of this Section 9.4(d)(iii), the term "Acquisition Proposal" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1, except that any reference to "20%" therein shall be deemed to be a reference to "50%").

(e)

If a Parent Termination Payment Event occurs, the Parent shall pay the Parent Termination Payment to the Company, or as the Company may direct, as liquidated damages in consideration for the loss of the Company's rights under this Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, as follows:

(i)

if the Parent Termination Payment is payable pursuant to Section 9.4(d)(i), the Parent Termination Payment shall be payable within two (2) business days following such termination;

(ii)

if the Parent Termination Payment is payable pursuant to Section 9.4(d)(ii), the Parent Termination Payment shall be payable prior to or concurrently with such termination; or

(iii)

if the Parent Termination Payment is payable pursuant to Section 9.4(d)(iii), the Parent Termination Payment shall be payable concurrently with the consummation of the Acquisition Proposal referred to therein.

(f)

In the event that either Party terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(ii)(C) [Company Shareholder Approval], and no Company Change in Recommendation has occurred, the Company shall reimburse the Parent in respect of the reasonable and documented expenses of the Parent's third party Representatives incurred in respect of the Arrangement and this Agreement up to a maximum amount of $33,965,000. Such reimbursement shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds within three business days following the later of (a) such termination and (b) the date on which reasonable documentation evidencing the expenses incurred has been delivered to the Company by the Company to an account specified by the Parent. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges that in the event the Company Termination Payment is paid by the Company in accordance with Section 9.4(b), this Section 9.4(f) shall not apply and no reimbursement under this Section 9.4(f) shall be payable by the Company.

(g)

In the event that either Party terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.2(a)(ii)(D) [Parent Stockholder Approvals], and no Parent Change in Recommendation has occurred, the Parent shall reimburse to the Company in respect of the reasonable and documented expenses of the Company's third party Representatives incurred in respected of the Arrangement and this Agreement up to a maximum amount of $33,965,000. Such reimbursement shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds within three business days following the later of (a) such termination and (b) the date on which reasonable documentation evidencing the expenses incurred has been delivered to the Parent by the Company to an account specified by the Company. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges that in the event the Parent Termination Payment is paid by the Parent in accordance with Section 9.4(d), this Section 9.4(g) shall not apply and no reimbursement under this Section 9.4(g) shall be payable by the Parent.

(h)

Each of the Parties acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 9.4 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and that, without those agreements, the Parties would not enter into this Agreement. Each Party acknowledges that all of the payment

A-95

TABLE OF CONTENTS

amounts set out in this Section 9.4 are payments in consideration for the disposition of rights of the Party entitled to receive such payments, and that the amounts set out in this Section 9.4 are payments of liquidated damages which are a genuine pre-estimate of the damages, which the Party entitled to such damages will suffer or incur as a result of the event giving rise to such payment and the resultant termination of this Agreement and are not penalties. Each Party irrevocably waives any right it may have to raise as a defence that any such liquidated damages are excessive or punitive. For greater certainty, each Party agrees that, (a) upon any termination of this Agreement under circumstances where the Parent is entitled to the Company Termination Payment and the Company Termination Payment is paid in full, such payment shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Parent in respect of the event giving rise to such payment and the Parent shall be precluded from any other remedy against the Company at Law or in equity or otherwise (including damages, injunctive relief or specific performance) and shall not seek to obtain any recovery, judgment, or damages of any kind, including consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, managers, members, shareholders or affiliates or their respective Representatives in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) upon any termination of this Agreement under circumstances where the Company is entitled to the Parent Termination Payment and the Parent Termination Payment is paid in full, such payment shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Company in respect of the event giving rise to such payment and the Company shall be precluded from any other remedy against the Parent at Law or in equity or otherwise (including damages, injunctive relief or specific performance) and shall not seek to obtain any recovery, judgment, or damages of any kind, including consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, managers, members, shareholders or affiliates or their respective Representatives in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the foregoing limitations shall not apply in the event of fraud or a wilful breach by the Company or the Parent of their respective obligations under this Agreement, as applicable. For clarity, nothing contained in this Section 9.4(h) shall preclude the Company or the Parent from seeking injunctive relief against the other party in accordance with Section 10.4 to restrain the breach or threatened breach of the covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement or otherwise to obtain specific performance of any of such acts, covenants or agreements, without the necessity of posting a bond or security in connection therewith.

(i)

For the avoidance of doubt: (a) in no event shall the Company be obligated to pay the Company Termination Payment on more than one occasion; (b) in no event shall the Parent be obligated to pay the Parent Termination Payment on more than one occasion; and (c) if a Company Termination Payment or a Parent Termination Payment becomes payable after a payment has been made pursuant to Section 9.4(f) or 9.4(g), the amount paid pursuant to Section 9.4(f) or 9.4(g), as applicable, shall be credited against the Company Termination Payment or Parent Termination Payment, as applicable, when paid.

9.5

Amendment

Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order and Final Order and applicable Laws, the Plan of Arrangement and applicable Laws, this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement may, at any time and from time to time before or after the holding of the Company Meeting but not later than the Effective Time, be amended by mutual written agreement of the Parties, without further notice to or authorization on the part of the Company Shareholders, and any such amendment may without limitation:

(a)

change the time for performance of any of the obligations or acts of the Parties;

(b)

waive any inaccuracies or modify any representation or warranty contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto;

(c)

waive compliance with or modify any of the covenants herein contained and waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of the Parties; and

(d)

waive compliance with or modify any mutual conditions precedent herein contained.

A-96

TABLE OF CONTENTS

9.6

Waiver

No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other provision (whether or not similar). No waiver will be binding unless executed in writing by the Party or Parties to be bound by the waiver. A Party's failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of such right or remedy. A single or partial exercise of any right or remedy will not preclude a Party from any other or further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

ARTICLE 10

GENERAL PROVISIONS

10.1

Privacy

Each Party shall comply with applicable Privacy Laws in the course of collecting, using and disclosing Personal Information in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Transaction Personal Information"). Prior to the Effective Date, the Parent shall not use or disclose Transaction Personal Information for any purposes other than those related to determining if it shall proceed with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the performance of this Agreement, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If the Parent completes the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Parent shall not, following the Effective Date, without the consent of the individuals to whom such Transaction Personal Information relates or as permitted or required by applicable Law, use or disclose Transaction Personal Information for purposes other than those for which such Transaction Personal Information was collected by the Company or for which subsequent consent was obtained by the Company prior to the Effective Date. The Parent shall protect and safeguard the Transaction Personal Information against unauthorized collection, use or disclosure. The Parent shall cause its advisors to observe the terms of this Section 10.1 and to protect and safeguard Transaction Personal Information in their possession. If this Agreement shall be terminated, the Parent shall promptly deliver to the Company all Transaction Personal Information in its possession or in the possession of any of its advisors, including all copies, reproductions, summaries or extracts thereof, except, unless prohibited by applicable Law, for electronic backup copies made automatically in accordance with the usual backup procedures of the Parent. Following the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Parent shall provide written notice to all individuals who are the subject of any Personal Information that their information has been disclosed in connection with the Arrangement.

10.2

Notices

All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and received on the day it is delivered, provided that it is delivered on a business day prior to 5:00 p.m. local time in the place of delivery or receipt. However, if notice is delivered after 5:00 p.m. local time or if such day is not a business day then the notice shall be deemed to have been given and received on the next business day. Notice shall be sufficiently given if delivered (either in Person, by courier service or other personal method of delivery), or if transmitted by email to the Parties at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as shall be specified by any Party by notice to the other given in accordance with these provisions):

?   ? ? ?
(a) ? ? if to the Parent or Purchaser:
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Coeur Mining, Inc.200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100Chicago, IL 60606United States
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Attention: ? ? Casey M. Nault
    ? ? Email:     ? ? [***]
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Goodmans LLPBay Adelaide Centre
?   ? ? ?


A-97

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?   ? ? ?
    ? ? 333 Bay Street, Suite 3400Toronto, Ontario M5H 2S7
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Attention: ? ? Kari MacKay / Hari Marcovici
    ? ? Email:     ? ? [***] / [***]
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP200 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10166-0193
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Attention: ? ? Andrew Kaplan
    ? ? Email:     ? ? [***]
    ? ?            ? ?  
(b) ? ? if to the Company:
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? New Gold Inc.Brookfield Place181 Bay Street, Suite 3320Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Attention: ? ? Sean Keating
    ? ? Email:     ? ? [***]
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP155 Wellington Street West, Suite 3700Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Attention: ? ? Richard Fridman and Aaron Atkinson
    ? ? Email:     ? ? [***] / [***]
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP1285 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, New York 10019
    ? ?            ? ?  
    ? ? Attention: ? ? Christopher J. Cummings
    ? ? Email:     ? ? [***]
?   ? ? ?          ? ? ?


10.3

Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably attorns to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia in respect of all matters arising under and in relation to this Agreement and the Arrangement. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT.

10.4

Injunctive Relief

Prior to the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.2 and subject to Section 9.4(h), the Parties agree that irreparable harm would occur for which money damages would not be an adequate remedy at Law in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the Parties acknowledge and agree that, in order to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (including the

A-98

TABLE OF CONTENTS

obligations of the Parent pursuant to Section 2.12), the non-breaching Party will be entitled, without the requirement of posting a bond or other security, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, and the Parties shall not object to the granting of injunctive or other equitable relief on the basis that there exists an adequate remedy at Law. Prior to the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.2 and subject to Section 9.4(h), such remedies will not be the exclusive remedies for any breach of this Agreement but will be in addition to all other remedies available at Law or equity to each of the Parties. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and without that right, neither the Company nor the Parent would have entered into this Agreement.

10.5

Entire Agreement, Binding Effect

This Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto, the Parent Disclosure Letter and the Company Disclosure Letter) and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the Parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and, except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement is not intended to and shall not confer upon any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies hereunder.

10.6

No Liability

No director or officer of the Parent shall have any personal liability whatsoever to the Company under this Agreement, or any other document delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby on behalf of the Parent. No director or officer of the Company shall have any personal liability whatsoever to the Parent under this Agreement, or any other document delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby on behalf of the Company.

10.7

Further Assurances

Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts do all such things and provide reasonable assurances as may be required to consummate the Arrangement, and each Party shall provide such further documents or instruments as reasonably required by any other Party as necessary or desirable to effect the purpose of this Agreement and carry out its provisions, whether before or after the Effective Time.

10.8

Assignment and Enurement

The Parent may assign all or any part of its rights under this Agreement to, and its obligations under this Agreement may be assumed by, its wholly-owned Subsidiary, provided that if such assignment and/or assumption takes place, the Parent shall continue to be liable jointly and severally with such Subsidiary for all of its obligations hereunder and such Subsidiary shall remain at all times up to and including the Effective Date a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent. This Agreement shall not be otherwise assignable by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto. This Agreement shall be binding on and shall enure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. For greater certainty, no assignment made pursuant to this Section 10.8 shall modify the obligation to deliver Consideration Shares as Consideration pursuant to this Agreement.

10.9

Severability

If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule or Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.

10.10

No Third Party Beneficiaries

The provisions of Section 5.12, 5.16 and 10.1 are: (i) intended for the benefit of the individuals referred to therein, as and to the extent applicable in accordance with their terms, and shall be enforceable by each of such Persons and his or her heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representations (collectively, the "Third Party Beneficiaries") and the Company shall hold the rights and benefits of Section 5.12, 5.16 and 10.1 in trust for and on behalf of the Third Party Beneficiaries and the Company hereby accepts such trust and agrees to hold the benefit of and enforce performance of

A-99

TABLE OF CONTENTS

such covenants on behalf of the Third Party Beneficiaries; and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights that the Third Party Beneficiaries may have by contract or otherwise. Except for the rights of the Company Shareholders to receive the consideration for their Company Shares following the Effective Time pursuant to the Arrangement, and the rights of Third Party Beneficiaries under Section 5.12 and 5.16, which rights are hereby acknowledged and agreed by the Parties, this Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any Person other than the Parties.

10.11

Counterparts, Execution

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties shall be entitled to rely upon delivery of an executed facsimile or similar executed electronic copy of this Agreement, and such facsimile or similar executed electronic copy shall be legally effective to create a valid and binding agreement between the Parties.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

A-100

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

? ? ? ?
  ? ? COEUR MINING, INC.
  ? ?     ? ?        ? ?  
  ? ? By: ? ? /s/ Mitchell J. Krebs
  ? ?     ? ? Name:  ? ? Mitchell J. Krebs
  ? ?     ? ? Title: ? ? Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  ? ?     ? ?        ? ?  
  ? ? 1561611 B.C. LTD.
  ? ?     ? ?        ? ?  
  ? ? By: ? ? /s/ Mitchell J. Krebs
  ? ?     ? ? Name:  ? ? Mitchell J. Krebs
  ? ?     ? ? Title: ? ? President
  ? ?     ? ?        ? ?  
  ? ? NEW GOLD INC.
  ? ?     ? ?        ? ?  
  ? ? By: ? ? /s/ Patrick Godin
  ? ?     ? ? Name:  ? ? Patrick Godin
  ? ?     ? ? Title: ? ? President and Chief Executive Officer
? ? ? ?   ? ? ?      ? ? ?


Signature Page - Arrangement Agreement

A-101

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SCHEDULE A

PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT

(Please see attached.)

A-102

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT

UNDER SECTION 288 OF THE

BUSINESS CORPORATIONS ACT (BRITISH COLUMBIA)

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Plan of Arrangement, unless the context otherwise requires:

"5-Day VWAP" means, in respect of the Company Shares, the volume weighted average share price of the Company Shares on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) for the five trading days ending on the trading date immediately preceding the Value Determination Date, calculated by dividing the total Canadian dollar value of the Company Shares traded in such five trading day period on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) by the total number of such shares traded on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) for such five-day trading period;

"Accelerated RSUs" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.3(c)(i);

"Arrangement" means the arrangement of Company under Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Plan of Arrangement, subject to any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, this Plan of Arrangement, or made at the direction of the Court in the Final Order (with the prior written consent of both Company and Parent, each acting reasonably);

"Arrangement Agreement" means the arrangement agreement dated November 2, 2025 among Parent, Purchaser and Company to which this Plan of Arrangement is attached as Schedule A, including all schedules annexed thereto, together with the Company Disclosure Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof;

"Arrangement Resolution" means the special resolution of the Company Shareholders approving the Plan of Arrangement, which is to be considered and, if thought fit, passed at the Company Meeting, substantially in the form and content of Schedule B to the Arrangement Agreement;

"Authorization" means, with respect to any Person, any authorization, order, permit, approval, grant, agreement, licence, classification, restriction, registration, consent, order, right, notification, condition, franchise, privilege, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction or decision having the force of Law, of, from or required by any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over such Person;

"BCBCA" means the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia);

"business day" means any day, other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory or civic holiday in Mexico City, Mexico, New York, New York, Toronto, Ontario or Vancouver, British Columbia;

"Cash Out Value" for a Company Option means an amount, which amount cannot be less than zero, equal to (a) the product of (i) the number of Company Shares for which such Company Option may be exercised and (ii) the 5-Day VWAP of the Company Shares, minus (b) the exercise price of such Company Option.

"Company" means New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia;

"Company DSU Plan" means the deferred share unit plan of Company effective May 6, 2010, as amended;

"Company DSUs" means the outstanding deferred share units granted under the Company DSU Plan;

"Company Equity Incentive Plans" means, collectively, the Company Option Plan, the Company LTIP and the Company DSU Plan;

"Company Incentive Awards" means, collectively, the Company DSUs, Company RSUs, Company Options and Company PSUs;

"Company LTIP" means the long term incentive plan of Company effective February 19, 2025, as amended;

A-103

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Company Meeting" means the special meeting of Company Shareholders, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, to be called and held in accordance with the Interim Order to consider the Arrangement Resolution and for any other purpose as may be set out in the Company Circular and agreed to in writing by Parent;

"Company Optionholder" means a holder of Company Options;

"Company Option Plan" means the stock option plan of Company effective May 4, 2011, as amended;

"Company Options" means the outstanding options to purchase Company Shares granted under the Company Option Plan;

"Company PSUs" means the outstanding performance share units granted under the Company LTIP;

"Company RSUs" means the outstanding restricted share units granted under the Company LTIP;

"Company Shareholders" means the registered and/or beneficial holders of Company Shares, as the context requires;

"Company Shares" means the common shares in the capital of the Company;

"Consideration" means the consideration to be received by the Company Shareholders (other than Dissenting Shareholders) pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement for their Company Shares, consisting of the Exchange Ratio of a Parent Share for each Company Share;

"Consideration Shares" means the Parent Shares to be issued to the Company Shareholders pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement;

"Continuing Employees" means Company Employees that are employed by the Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries immediately following the Effective Time;

"Court" means the Supreme Court of British Columbia;

"Depositary" means Computershare Investor Services Inc., or such other Person as Parent and Company may appoint (acting reasonably) to act as depositary in respect of the Arrangement;

"Dissent Rights" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(a);

"Dissent Shares" means the Company Shares held by a Dissenting Shareholder in respect of which the Dissenting Shareholder has properly and validly exercised Dissent Rights;

"Dissenting Shareholder" means a registered Company Shareholder as of the record date of the Company Meeting who has properly and validly dissented in respect of the Arrangement Resolution in strict compliance with the Dissent Rights, who has not withdrawn or been deemed to have withdrawn such exercise of Dissent Rights and who is ultimately determined to be entitled to be paid the fair value of its Company Shares, but only in respect of the Dissent Shares;

"DRS Advice" has the meaning specified in Section 3.1;

"Effective Date" means the date upon which the Arrangement becomes effective in accordance with Section 2.11(a) of the Arrangement Agreement;

"Effective Time" means 12:01 a.m. on the Effective Date or such other time as Parent and Company agree to in writing before the Effective Date;

"Exchange Ratio" means 0.4959;

"Final Order" means the final order of the Court contemplated by Section 2.7 of the Arrangement Agreement made pursuant to Section 291 of the BCBCA, in a form and substance acceptable to Company and Parent, each acting reasonably, approving the Arrangement, including as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of both Company and Parent, each acting reasonably) at any time prior to the Effective Date or, if appealed, then, unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed or as amended (provided that any such amendment is acceptable to both Company and Parent, each acting reasonably) on appeal;

A-104

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Governmental Entity" means: (a) any international, federal, provincial, territorial, state, regional, municipal, local or other government, governmental or public department, central bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body, international arbitration institution, commission, board, ministry bureau, agency or entity, domestic or foreign; (b) any stock exchange, including the TSX, the NYSE and the NYSE American; (c) any subdivision, agent, commission, board or authority of any of the foregoing; or (d) any quasi-governmental or private body or self-regulatory organization exercising any regulatory, expropriation or taxing authority under or for the account of any of the foregoing;

"including" means including without limitation, and "include" and "includes" have a corresponding meaning;

"Interim Order" means the interim order of the Court made pursuant to Section 291 of the BCBCA following the application therefor submitted to the Court after being informed of the intention to rely upon the exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect to the Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement as contemplated by Section 2.3 of the Arrangement Agreement, in a form and in substance acceptable to Company and Parent, each acting reasonably, providing for, among other things, the calling and holding of the Company Meeting, including as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of Company and Parent, each acting reasonably);

"Law" or "Laws" means all laws (including common law), by-laws, statutes, rules, regulations, principles of law and equity, orders, rulings, ordinances, judgments, injunctions, determinations, awards, decrees or other requirements, whether domestic or foreign, that are binding upon or applicable to such Person or its business, and the terms and conditions of any Authorization of or from any Governmental Entity, and, for greater certainty, includes Securities Laws and applicable common law, and the term "applicable" with respect to such Laws and in a context that refers to a Party, means such Laws as are applicable to such Party and/or its Subsidiaries or their business, undertaking, property or securities and emanate from a Person having jurisdiction over the Party and/or its Subsidiaries or its or their business, undertaking, property or securities;

"Letter of Transmittal" means the letter of transmittal to be delivered to registered Company Shareholders for use in connection with the Arrangement;

"Liens" means any hypothecs, mortgages, pledges, assignments, liens, charges, security interests, encumbrances and adverse rights or claims or other third party interests or encumbrances of any kind, whether contingent or absolute, and any agreement, option, lease, sublease, restriction, easement, right-of-way, right or privilege (whether by Law, contract or otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing;

"Non-Continuing Employees" means Company Employees whose employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated by the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, without cause, at or immediately prior to the Effective Time;

"Notice of Dissent" means a written notice provided by a Company Shareholder that is a registered holder of Company Shares to the Company setting forth such Company Shareholder's objection to the Arrangement Resolution and exercise of Dissent Rights;

"NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange;

"NYSE American" means the NYSE American Stock Exchange;

"Parent" means Coeur Mining, Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware;

"Parent Shares" means the common stock in the capital of Parent;

"Parties" means, together, Parent, Purchaser and Company, and "Party" means any one of them as the context requires;

"Person" includes an individual, partnership, association, body corporate, trustee, executor, administrator, legal representative, government (including any Governmental Entity) or any other entity, whether or not having legal status;

A-105

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Plan of Arrangement" means this plan of arrangement and any amendments or variations hereto made in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement and this plan of arrangement or upon the direction of the Court in the Final Order with the prior written consent of Company and Parent, each acting reasonably, and references to "Article" or "Section" mean the specified Article or Section of this Plan of Arrangement;

"Purchaser" means 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a company existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada;

"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed thereto in section 1.1 of NI 45-106;

"Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act (Canada);

"TSX" means the Toronto Stock Exchange;

"U.S. Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933;

"U.S. Tax Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and

"Value Determination Date" means the date that is three business days prior to the Effective Date.

1.2

Interpretation Not Affected by Headings

The division of this Plan of Arrangement into Articles and Sections and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Plan of Arrangement. Unless the contrary intention appears, references in this Plan of Arrangement to an Article, Section or Step by number or letter or both refer to the Article, Section or Step, respectively, bearing that designation in this Plan of Arrangement.

1.3

Number and Gender

In this Plan of Arrangement, unless the contrary intention appears, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa, and words importing gender include all genders.

1.4

Calculation of Time

Unless otherwise specified, time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends. Where the last day of any such time period is not a business day, such time period shall be extended to the next business day following the day on which it would otherwise end.

1.5

Date for Any Action

If the date on which any action is required to be taken hereunder by a Party is not a business day, such action shall be required to be taken on the next succeeding day which is a business day.

1.6

Currency

Unless otherwise stated, all references in this Plan of Arrangement to sums of money are expressed in lawful money of the United States and "$" refers to U.S. dollars.

1.7

No Strict Construction

The language used in this Plan of Arrangement is the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any Party.

1.8

Statutory References

A reference to a statute, rule, regulation or other statutory instrument or subordinate legislation (including any particular provision thereof) shall be construed to refer to such statute, rule, regulation or other instrument or legislation (or provision thereof) and to all rules, regulations, instruments or legislation made thereunder, if any, in each case as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented, re-enacted or replaced, in whole or in part.

A-106

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.9

Governing Law

This Plan of Arrangement shall be governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein.

1.10

?Time

Time is of the essence in the performance of the Parties' respective obligations hereunder.

1.11

?Time References

In this Plan of Arrangement, unless otherwise specified, any references to time are to local time, Vancouver, British Columbia.

1.12

?Other Definitions

Capitalized terms that are used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Arrangement Agreement.

ARTICLE 2

THE ARRANGEMENT

2.1

Arrangement Agreement

This Plan of Arrangement is made pursuant to, and is subject to the provisions of, the Arrangement Agreement, except in respect of the sequence of the steps comprising the Arrangement, which shall occur in the order set out in this Plan of Arrangement.

2.2

Effectiveness

This Plan of Arrangement will become effective at the Effective Time (except as otherwise provided herein) and will be binding from and after the Effective Time on Parent, Purchaser, Company, the Depositary, the Company Shareholders, including the Dissenting Shareholders, and the holders of Company Incentive Awards, in each case, without any further authorization, act or formality on the part of any Person, except as expressly provided herein.

2.3

The Arrangement

The following steps shall occur and shall be deemed to occur, commencing at the Effective Time, sequentially in the following order, with each such step after the first occurring five minutes after the preceding step (except where otherwise indicated), and without any further authorization, act or formality on the part of any Person:

Incentive Securities

(a)

Company DSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company DSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the Company DSU Plan governing such Company DSU) each Company DSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any Person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from the Company to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Company DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). The Company will pay to the holders of Company DSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company DSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company DSUs.

(b)

Company PSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company PSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the Company LTIP governing such Company PSU) each Company PSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any Person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from the Company to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Company PSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date) and this Plan of Arrangement. For the avoidance of

A-107

TABLE OF CONTENTS

doubt, (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the Value Determination Date for each Company PSU shall be determined based on the terms of the Company LTIP; and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the Value Determination Date for each Company PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of Continuing Employees; or (ii) 150% in the case of Non-Continuing Employees. The Company will pay to the holders of Company PSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company PSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company PSUs.

(c)

Company RSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company RSUs might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the Company LTIP governing such Company RSU) each Company RSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any Person, be treated as follows:

(i)

Company RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees ("Accelerated RSUs") will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of the Company LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). The Company will pay to the holders of such Accelerated RSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to them for their Accelerated RSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company RSUs.

(ii)

Company RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be amended by multiplying each such Company RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of Company RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment (the "Revised Company RSUs"); (ii) upon the vesting of such Revised Company RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised Company RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of the Company LTIP, with reference to the trading price of the Parent Shares rather than the Company Shares; and (iii) such Revised Company RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of the Company LTIP and any document evidencing the Company RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in this Section).

(d)

Company Options. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company Option might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the applicable Company Option Plan governing such Company Option), each Company Option shall, without any further action by or on behalf of a holder, be deemed to be fully vested and shall be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof, free and clear of any Liens, to the Company, and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount equal to the Cash Out Value for such Company Option (less any applicable withholding in accordance with Section 3.7) determined as at the Value Determination Date, whereupon the name of the holder of such Company Option shall be removed from the register of Company Options maintained by the Company, and the Company Option Plan and each Company Option shall immediately be cancelled and all agreements relating to the Company Options shall be terminated and shall be of no further force and effect. The Company will pay to the holders of Company Options, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company Options in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company Options.

Dissenting Shareholders

(e)

Each Dissent Share shall be and shall be deemed to be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof without any further act or formality on its part, free and clear of all Liens, to Company in accordance with, and for the consideration contemplated in, Section 4.1, and:

(i)

such Dissenting Shareholder shall cease to be, and shall be deemed to cease to be, the registered holder of each such Dissent Share and the name of such registered holder shall be, and shall be deemed to be, removed from the central securities register of Company in respect of each such Dissent Share, and at such time each Dissenting Shareholder will have only the rights set out in Section 4.1;

A-108

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(ii)

such Dissenting Shareholder shall be deemed to have executed and delivered all consents, releases, assignments and waivers, statutory or otherwise, required to transfer and assign each such Dissent Share; and

(iii)

Company shall be the holder of all of the outstanding Dissent Shares, free and clear of all Liens, and the central securities register of Company shall be revised accordingly.

Transfer of Company Shares to Purchaser

(f)

Each Company Shareholder, other than a Dissenting Shareholder, shall transfer and assign their Company Shares, free and clear of any Liens, to Purchaser in exchange for the Consideration for each such Company Share so transferred, and in respect of the Company Shares so transferred:

(i)

the registered holder thereof shall cease to be, and shall be deemed to cease to be, the registered holder of each such Company Share and the name of such registered holder shall be removed from the central securities register of Company;

(ii)

the registered holder thereof shall be deemed to have executed and delivered all consents, releases, assignments and waivers, statutory or otherwise, required to transfer and assign each such Company Share; and

(iii)

Purchaser shall be the holder of all of the outstanding Company Shares, free and clear of all Liens, and the central securities register of Company shall be revised accordingly.

ARTICLE 3

DELIVERY OF CONSIDERATION

3.1

Deposit and Payment of Consideration

(a)

Following receipt of the Final Order and in any event no later than the business day prior to the Effective Date, Parent shall deposit in escrow, or cause to be deposited in escrow, with the Depositary, sufficient Parent Shares to satisfy the aggregate Consideration payable to the Company Shareholders in accordance with Section 2.3, which shall be held by the Depositary in escrow as agent and nominee for such former Company Shareholders for distribution to such former Company Shareholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 3. The Company will pay to the holders of Company Options, Company PSUs, Accelerated RSUs and Company DSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company with respect to any holders who are employees or former employees, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company Options, Company PSUs, Accelerated RSUs and Company DSUs, in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company Options, Company PSUs, Accelerated RSUs and Company DSUs.

(b)

Upon surrender to the Depositary for cancellation of a certificate or a direct registration statement (DRS) advice (a "DRS Advice") which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more Company Shares that were transferred under the Arrangement, together with a duly completed and executed Letter of Transmittal and such other documents and instruments as the Depositary or Parent may reasonably require, the registered holder of the Company Shares represented by such surrendered certificate or DRS Advice shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, and the Depositary shall deliver to such holder (in each case less any amounts withheld pursuant to Section 3.7 (if any)), the Consideration that such holder has the right to receive, and the certificate or DRS Advice so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled.

(c)

In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Shares which was not registered in the transfer records of Company, the Consideration to which the registered holder has the right to receive, subject to Section 2.3, shall be delivered to the transferee if the certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented Company Shares that were exchanged for the Consideration under the Arrangement is presented to the Depositary, accompanied by all documents reasonably required to evidence and effect such transfer.

(d)

After the Effective Time and until surrendered for cancellation as contemplated by Section 3.1(b), each certificate or DRS Advice that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more Company Shares, other than the Dissent Shares, shall be deemed at all times to represent only the right to receive in exchange therefor the Consideration that the holder of such certificate or DRS Advice is entitled to receive in accordance with Section 2.3, less any amounts withheld pursuant to Section 3.7 (if any).

A-109

TABLE OF CONTENTS

3.2

Distributions with Respect to Unsurrendered Certificates

No dividends or other distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to Consideration Shares with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Company Shares that were exchanged for Consideration Shares pursuant to Section 2.3(f) unless and until the holder of such certificate or DRS Advice shall surrender such certificate or DRS Advice in accordance with Section 3.1. Subject to applicable law and Section 3.7 hereof, at the time of such surrender of any such certificate or DRS advice (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, at the appropriate payment date), there shall be paid to the holder of the certificates or DRS Advices representing Company Shares that were exchanged for Consideration Shares pursuant to Section 2.3(f), without interest, (i) the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to the Consideration Shares to which such holder is entitled pursuant hereto, and (ii) to the extent not paid under clause (i), on the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to surrender and the payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect to such Consideration Shares.

3.3

Deemed Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Shares

All Consideration Shares issued pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement shall be deemed to be validly issued and outstanding as fully paid and non-assessable shares.

3.4

No Fractional Shares

No fractional Consideration Shares shall be issued upon the exchange of Company Shares pursuant to Sections 2.3(f) and 3.1. Where the aggregate number of Parent Shares to be issued to a Company Shareholder pursuant to Sections 2.3(f) and 3.1 as consideration under the Arrangement would result in a fractional Consideration Share being issuable, such fractional Consideration Share shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Parent Share in the event that a Company Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a Parent Share and shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Parent Share in the event that a Company Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a Parent Share.

3.5

Lost Certificates

In the event that any certificate which, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented one or more outstanding Company Shares, which were exchanged in accordance with Section 2.3(f) shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Depositary shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the aggregate Consideration which such holder is entitled to receive in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement. When authorizing such delivery of the aggregate Consideration which such holder is entitled to receive in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the holder to whom the Consideration is to be delivered shall, as a condition precedent to the delivery of such Consideration, give a bond satisfactory to Parent and the Depositary in such amount as Parent and the Depositary may direct (each acting reasonably), or otherwise indemnify Parent and the Depositary and/or any of their respective representatives or agents in a manner satisfactory to Parent and the Depositary (each acting reasonably), against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Company or the Depositary and/or any of their respective representatives or agents with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

3.6

Extinction of Rights

Any certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Company Shares that were exchanged pursuant to Section 2.3(f) that is not deposited with all other instruments required by Section 3.1 on or prior to the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date shall cease to represent a claim or interest of any kind or nature as a securityholder of Company or Purchaser, as applicable. On such date, the Consideration Shares, as applicable, to which the former registered holder of the certificate or DRS Advice referred to in the preceding sentence was ultimately entitled shall be deemed to have been surrendered for no consideration to Purchaser (or its successor(s)). None of Parent, Purchaser, Company or the Depositary shall be liable to any Person in respect of any Consideration Shares (or dividends, distributions and interest in respect thereof) delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

3.7

Withholding Rights; Tax Consequences

The Parent, the Company, the Depositary, their respective Subsidiaries and any other Person on their behalf, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts payable to any Person pursuant to the Arrangement and under this

A-110

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Plan of Arrangement, including amounts distributed to any former Company Shareholder or former holders of Company Incentive Awards, such amounts as the Parent, the Company, the Depositary and their respective Subsidiaries, or any Person on behalf of any of the foregoing, is or may be required or permitted to deduct or withhold with respect to such payment under the Tax Act, the U.S. Tax Code, or any provision of local, state, federal, provincial or foreign Law, in each case, as amended, or under the administrative practice of the relevant Governmental Entity administering such Law, and to request from any recipient of any payment hereunder any necessary tax forms or any other proof of exemption from withholding or any similar information. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes hereof as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. Any Person that deducts or withholds any amount pursuant to this Section 3.7 shall remit such deducted or withheld amounts to the applicable Governmental Entity. In any case where the amount so required or permitted to be deducted or withheld from any payment to a holder exceeds the cash portion of the consideration otherwise payable, the Parent, the Company, the Depositary, their respective Subsidiaries, and any Person on behalf of the foregoing, as the case may be, is authorized to sell or otherwise dispose of such portion of the Consideration as is necessary in order to fully fund such liability, and such Person shall remit any unapplied balance of the net proceeds of such sale to the holder.

3.8

Transfer Free and Clear

For greater certainty, any transfer or exchange of securities pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement shall be free and clear of any Liens or other claims of third parties of any kind.

3.9

Interest

Under no circumstances shall interest accrue or be paid by the Company, Parent, Purchaser, the Depositary or any other Person to any Company Shareholder or other Persons depositing certificates or DRS Advices pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement in respect of the Company Shares immediately existing prior to the Effective Time.

ARTICLE 4

RIGHTS OF DISSENT

4.1

Dissent Rights

(a)

Pursuant to the Interim Order, Company Shareholders who are registered holders of Company Shares as of the record date of the Company Meeting may exercise rights to dissent in connection with the Arrangement under Division 2 of Part 8 of the BCBCA, as modified by this Article 4, the Interim Order and the Final Order ("Dissent Rights"), with respect to all (but not less than all) of the Company Shares held by such Company Shareholder, provided that the Notice of Dissent contemplated by Section 242 of the BCBCA, as may be modified by the Interim Order, must be received by Company by 4:00 p.m. on the date that is at least two business days prior to the date of the Company Meeting, or any date to which the Company Meeting may be postponed or adjourned, and provided further that each Dissenting Shareholder who:

(i)

is ultimately entitled to be paid the fair value of their Dissent Shares by the Company: (A) will be entitled to be paid the fair value of such Dissent Shares by the Company, which fair value, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the BCBCA, shall be the fair value of such Dissent Shares determined as of the close of business on the day immediately before the approval of the Arrangement Resolution; (B) shall be deemed not to have participated in the transactions in Article 2 (other than Section 2.3(e), if applicable); (C) shall be deemed to have transferred and assigned such Dissent Shares, free and clear of any Liens, to Company in accordance with Section 2.3(e); and (D) will not be entitled to any other payment or consideration, including any payment that would be payable under the Arrangement had such holder not exercised their Dissent Rights in respect of such Company Shares; or

(ii)

is ultimately not entitled, for any reason, to be paid fair value for such holder's Company Shares, shall be deemed to have participated in the Arrangement, as of the Effective Time, on the same basis as a non-dissenting registered holder of Company Shares, and shall be entitled to receive only the Consideration pursuant to Section 2.3(f) that such holder would have received pursuant to the Arrangement if such holder had not exercised Dissent Rights.

A-111

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b)

In no circumstances shall Parent, Purchaser, the Company or any other Person be required to recognize a Person exercising Dissent Rights unless such Person is the registered holder of those Company Shares in respect of which such rights are sought to be exercised as of the record date of the Company Meeting.

(c)

In no case shall Parent, Purchaser, Company or any other Person be required to recognize Dissenting Shareholders as holders of Company Shares after the time that is immediately prior to the Effective Time, and the names of the Dissenting Shareholders shall be deleted from the central securities register as holders of the Company at the time at which the step in Section 2.3(f) occurs.

(d)

For greater certainty, in addition to any other restrictions set forth in the Interim Order and under Section 238 of the BCBCA, none of the following shall be entitled to exercise Dissent Rights: (i) a holder of any Company Incentive Awards in respect of such holder's Company Incentive Awards; (ii) Company Shareholders who vote or have instructed a proxyholder to vote such Company Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution; and (iii) any other Person who is not a registered Company Shareholder as of the record date for the Company Meeting.

ARTICLE 5

GENERAL

5.1

Paramountcy

From and after the Effective Time (a) this Plan of Arrangement shall take precedence and priority over any and all rights related to the Company Shares and the Company Incentive Awards issued prior to the Effective Time, (b) the rights and obligations of the holders of Company Shares, the holders of Company Incentive Awards, the Parties, the Depositary and any trustee or transfer agent therefor in relation thereto, and any other Person having any right, title or interest in or to Company Shares and Company Incentive Awards, shall be solely as provided for in this Plan of Arrangement, and (c) all actions, causes of action, claims or proceedings (actual or contingent and whether or not previously asserted) based on or in any way relating to any securities of the Company subject to this Plan of Arrangement shall be deemed to have been settled, compromised, released and determined without liability except as set forth herein.

5.2

Amendment

(a)

Parent and the Company reserve the right to amend, modify or supplement this Plan of Arrangement at any time and from time to time prior to the Effective Time, provided that each such amendment, modification or supplement must be (i) agreed to in writing by the Company and Parent, (ii) filed with the Court and, if made following the Company Meeting, approved by the Court, and (iii) communicated to Company Shareholders and the holders of Company Incentive Awards if and as required by the Court.

(b)

Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order, any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement may be proposed by Parent and the Company at any time prior to the Company Meeting (provided, however, that the Company and Parent shall have consented thereto in writing), with or without any other prior notice or communication, and, if so proposed and accepted by the Persons voting at the Company Meeting (other than as may be required under the Interim Order), shall become part of this Plan of Arrangement for all purposes.

(c)

Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement that is approved or directed by the Court following the Company Meeting shall be effective only if: (i) it is consented to in writing by each of Parent and the Company (each acting reasonably); and (ii) if required by the Court, it is consented to by the Company Shareholders voting in the manner directed by the Court.

(d)

Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement may be made by the Company and Parent without the approval of or communication to the Court or the Company Shareholders, provided that it concerns a matter which, in the reasonable opinion of the Company and Parent, is of an administrative or ministerial nature required to better give effect to the implementation of this Plan of Arrangement and is not adverse to the financial or economic interests of any of the Company Shareholders or holders of Company Incentive Awards.

(e)

This Plan of Arrangement may be withdrawn prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement.

A-112

TABLE OF CONTENTS

5.3

Further Assurances

Notwithstanding that the transactions and events set out in this Plan of Arrangement shall occur and be deemed to have occurred in the order set out herein, without any further act or formality, each of the Parties shall make, do and execute, or cause to be made, done and executed, all such further acts, deeds, agreements, transfers, assurances, instruments or documents as may reasonably be required by any of them in order to implement this Plan of Arrangement and to further document or evidence any of the transactions or events set out herein.

ARTICLE 6

U.S. SECURITIES LAW EXEMPTION

6.1

U.S. Securities Law Exemption

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company and Parent each agree that this Plan of Arrangement will be carried out with the intention that, and they will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to ensure that all Consideration Shares issued under the Arrangement by Parent pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement, whether in the United States, Canada or any other country, be issued or granted, as the case may be, in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act, as provided by Section 3(a)(10) thereof and pursuant to exemptions from registration under any applicable state securities Laws, and pursuant to the terms, conditions and procedures set forth in the Arrangement Agreement.

A-113

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex B

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO

THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

COEUR MINING, INC.

The undersigned, desiring to amend the certificate of incorporation of a Delaware corporation pursuant to Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "Act"), hereby certifies as follows:

FIRST. The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the "Corporation") is Coeur Mining, Inc.

SECOND. This Certificate of Amendment (the "Certificate of Amendment") amends provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation that was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 15, 2013 and was amended by the Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation on May 12, 2015, the Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation on May 10, 2022 and the Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation on February 13, 2025 (the "Certificate of Incorporation").

THIRD. Section 4.1 of Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation, which Section sets forth the Authorized Stock of the Corporation, is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

"Section 4.1 Authorized Stock. The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,310,000,000 shares, of which 1,300,000,000 shares shall be designated as Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), and 10,000,000 shares shall be designated as Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Preferred Stock")."

FOURTH. The amendment herein certified has been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the Act.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of [•].

? ? ? ?
  ? ? COEUR MINING, INC.
  ? ?        ? ?  
  ? ? Date:  ? ? [•]
  ? ? By:    ? ?  
  ? ? Name:  ? ?  
  ? ? Title: ? ?  
? ? ? ?      ? ? ?


B-1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex C

FORM OF COEUR VOTING AGREEMENT

November 2, 2025

TO: NEW GOLD INC. (THE "COMPANY")

Dear Sirs/Madams:

Re: Support and Voting Agreement

BACKGROUND

The undersigned understands that COEUR MINING, INC. (the "Parent"), 1561611 B.C. LTD. (the "Purchaser"), and the Company wish to enter into an arrangement agreement on the date hereof (the "Arrangement Agreement") contemplating the acquisition by the Purchaser of all of the issued and outstanding common shares in the capital of the Company pursuant to a plan of arrangement under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). Capitalized terms used in this letter agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Arrangement Agreement.

The undersigned is the beneficial owner of, or exercises control or direction over, [•] Parent Shares, [•] performance shares of Parent ("Parent Performance Shares"), and [•] shares of Parent restricted stock (the "Parent Restricted Stock"). The Parent Shares, the Parent Performance Shares and the Parent Restricted Stock, together with any other securities of the Parent directly or indirectly acquired by or issued to the undersigned during the term of this letter agreement, are collectively referred to herein as the "Subject Securities".

This letter agreement sets out the terms and conditions of the agreement of the undersigned, among other things, to (a) vote or cause to be voted in favour of the Arrangement and any other matter that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the Arrangement any Subject Securities held by the undersigned which are entitled to be voted, and (b) abide by the restrictions and covenants set forth herein.

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS

From the date hereof until the earliest of (a) the Effective Time, (b) the date the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, and (c) the completion of the Parent Meeting (the earliest such date, the "Termination Date"), the undersigned agrees, in his or her capacity as securityholder and not in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Parent:

at any meeting of shareholders of the Parent to be held to consider the Parent Stock Issuance and Parent Charter Amendment (including the Parent Meeting) or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, or any adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval (including by written consent in lieu of a meeting) with respect to the Parent Stock Issuance and Parent Charter Amendment or any of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement is sought, to attend (in person or by proxy) and be counted as present for purposes of establishing quorum and to vote or to cause to be voted (and not withdraw any proxies or change his or her vote in respect thereof) the Subject Securities entitled to be voted and that are legally or beneficially owned by the undersigned as of the record date of any such meeting (a) in favour of the approval, consent, ratification and adoption of the Parent Stock Issuance, Parent Charter Amendment and any other matter necessary for the consummation of the Arrangement, and (b) against any resolution, action, proposal, transaction or agreement proposed by any other Person, that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement;

no later than ten days prior to a meeting where the undersigned is required to vote or cause to be voted the Subject Securities entitled to be voted in accordance with paragraph 1 hereof, to deliver or to cause to be delivered to the Parent or its transfer agent in accordance with the instructions to be set out in the Parent Proxy Statement in connection with such meeting, duly executed proxies or voting instruction forms, as applicable, in respect of all of the Subject Securities required to be voted or caused to be voted at such meeting (a) instructing the holder thereof to vote (i) in favour of the Parent Stock Issuance, the Parent Charter Amendment and any other matter necessary for the consummation of the Arrangement, and (ii) against any matter that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the

C-1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement, and (b) naming those individuals as may be designated by the Parent in the Parent Proxy Statement in connection with the meeting of shareholders of the Parent at which the Parent Stock Issuance and Parent Charter Amendment will be voted on;

not to (a) grant or agree to grant any proxy, power of attorney or other right to vote the Subject Securities, except for proxies or voting instructions to vote, or cause to be voted, securities in accordance with this letter agreement or with respect to any annual business to be considered at the Parent Meeting, or (b) enter into any agreement or undertaking (including any voting agreement or voting trust with respect to the Subject Securities) that is otherwise inconsistent with, or would interfere with, or prohibit or prevent the undersigned from satisfying, its obligations pursuant to this letter agreement;

not to exercise any rights to dissent or rights of appraisal provided under applicable Law or otherwise in connection with the Arrangement and not to exercise any shareholder rights or remedies available at common law or pursuant to securities or corporate Laws to delay or prevent the Arrangement;

not to make any statements or take any action against the Arrangement or any aspect thereof and to not bring, or threaten to bring, any suits or proceeding for the purpose of, or which has the effect of, directly or indirectly, frustrating, stopping, preventing, impeding, delaying or varying the Arrangement; and

except as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement or upon the settlement of awards or other securities of the Parent or the exercise of other rights to purchase Parent Shares, including any purchases of Parent Shares under any of the Parent Incentive Awards, not to, directly or indirectly (a) sell, transfer, gift, assign, grant a participation interest in, option, pledge, hypothecate, grant a security or voting interest in or otherwise convey or encumber (each, a "Transfer"), or enter into any agreement, option or other arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement, forward sale or other monetization arrangement) with respect to the Transfer of any of its Subject Securities to any Person without Company's prior written consent, other than pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement; or (b) agree to take any actions described in the foregoing clause (a).

Notwithstanding any provision of this letter agreement to the contrary, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is executing this letter agreement and is bound hereunder solely in the undersigned's capacity as a securityholder of the Parent. Without limiting the provisions of the Arrangement Agreement: (a) nothing contained in this letter agreement shall in any way limit or restrict any actions the undersigned may take in the undersigned's capacity as director or officer of the Parent (including exercising rights of the Parent or the Parent Board under the Arrangement Agreement), or limit in any way whatsoever the exercise of the undersigned's fiduciary duties as director or officer of the Parent; and (b) the undersigned will be entitled to (i) Transfer any Subject Securities (1) to any member of such stockholder's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of the undersigned or any member of undersigned's immediate family, in each case for the purposes of estate planning, (2) upon the death of the undersigned, to any member of undersigned's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of any member of the undersigned's immediate family, (3) to any entity or Person controlled by the undersigned, or (4) pursuant to a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 that exists as of the date of this letter agreement, (ii) exercise his or her rights under the Parent Incentive Awards beneficially owned by him or her and (iii) sell or otherwise dispose of Subject Securities to the extent the proceeds of such sale or disposition are paid towards (or otherwise set-off from) the exercise price and/or tax liability incurred as a result of the exercise and/or settlement of a Parent Incentive Award.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that (a) it is the sole registered and/or beneficial owner of, or exercises control or direction over, the Subject Securities, and the undersigned has the sole right to vote (in the case of the Subject Securities entitled to be voted) all of the Subject Securities, (b) except for the Arrangement Agreement and this letter agreement, no person has any agreement or option, or any right or privilege (whether by law, pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming an agreement or option for the purchase, acquisition or transfer from the undersigned or the applicable holder any of the Subject Securities or any interest therein or right thereto, and (c) the only securities of the Parent beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the undersigned, or over which the undersigned exercises control or direction, on the date hereof are the Subject Securities.

The undersigned acknowledges that the Company is relying on the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth in this letter agreement in connection with the Company's execution and delivery of the Arrangement Agreement.

The undersigned agrees that the details of this letter agreement may be described in any press release, proxy statement or information circular or other communication prepared by the Parent or the Company in connection with

C-2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the Arrangement and in any material change report prepared by the Parent or the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this letter agreement and the undersigned further agrees to this letter agreement, being made publicly available, including by filing on EDGAR and SEDAR+ and by any filings required under Securities Laws (including disclosure of my identity and the nature of my commitments, arrangements and understandings under this letter agreement and any other information required by Law), in accordance with Securities Laws.

This letter agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the Termination Date.

This letter agreement shall be governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the internal Laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this letter agreement will be brought exclusively in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceeding in any of those courts or that any suit, action or proceeding which is brought in any of those courts has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any of the named courts. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LETTER AGREEMENT.

This letter agreement shall be binding upon the undersigned and the Company and upon their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns (as applicable), provided that neither the undersigned nor the Company may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its respective rights, interests or obligations under this letter agreement without the prior written consent of the other.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Company would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this letter agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached or violated. Accordingly, the undersigned agrees that, without posting bond or other undertaking, the Company will be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches or violations of the provisions of this letter agreement and to seek to enforce by specific performance this letter agreement and the terms and provisions hereof.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that (a) this letter agreement has been duly executed and delivered and is a valid and binding agreement, enforceable against the undersigned in accordance with its terms, and the performance by the undersigned of its obligations hereunder will not constitute a violation or breach of, or default under, or conflict with, any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement of any kind to which the undersigned will be a party and by which the undersigned will be bound at the time of such performance, (b) he or she has read this letter agreement in its entirety, understands it and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions; (c) he or she has been advised to seek independent legal advice with respect to the execution and delivery of this letter agreement and has received such advice or has , without undue influence, elected to waive the benefit of any such advice; and (d) he or she is entering into this letter agreement voluntarily.

This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including counterparts by facsimile or electronic mail) and all such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The parties shall be entitled to rely upon delivery of an executed facsimile or similar executed electronic copy of this letter agreement, and such facsimile or similar executed electronic copy shall be legally effective to create a valid and binding agreement between the parties.

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Company's understanding and is agreed by the Company, please signify the Company's acceptance by executing the enclosed copies of this letter agreement where indicated below by an authorized signatory of the Company and return the same to the undersigned, upon which the letter agreement as so accepted shall constitute an agreement among the Company and the undersigned.

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank; signature page follows.]

C-3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?            ? ? ?
Yours truly, ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
by:          ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Signature)          ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Print Name)         ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Place of Residency) ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Title)              ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
Address:     ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
?            ? ? ?                    ? ? ?


Accepted and agreed on November 2, 2025.

NEW GOLD INC. ? ?  
              ? ?        ? ?  
Per:          ? ?        ? ?  
              ? ? Name:  ? ?  
              ? ? Title: ? ?  
?             ? ? ?      ? ? ?


C-4

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FORM OF NEW GOLD VOTING AGREEMENT

November 2, 2025

TO: COEUR MINING, INC. (THE "PARENT")

Dear Sirs/Madams:

Re: Support and Voting Agreement

BACKGROUND

The undersigned understands that NEW GOLD INC. (the "Company"), 1561611 B.C. LTD. (the "Purchaser") and the Parent wish to enter into an arrangement agreement on the date hereof (the "Arrangement Agreement") contemplating the acquisition by the Purchaser of all of the issued and outstanding common shares in the capital of the Company pursuant to a plan of arrangement under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia).

Capitalized terms used in this letter agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Arrangement Agreement.

The undersigned is the beneficial owner of, or exercises control or direction over, [•] Company Shares, [•] Company RSUs, [•] Company PSUs, [•] Company DSUs and [•] Company Options. The Company Shares, the Company RSUs, the Company PSUs, the Company DSUs and the Company Options, together with any other securities of the Company directly or indirectly acquired by or issued to the undersigned during the term of this letter agreement, are collectively referred to herein as the "Subject Securities".

This letter agreement sets out the terms and conditions of the agreement of the undersigned, among other things, to (a) vote or cause to be voted in favour of the Arrangement and any other matter that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the Arrangement any Subject Securities held by the undersigned which are entitled to be voted , and (b) abide by the restrictions and covenants set forth herein.

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS

From the date hereof until the earliest of (a) the Effective Time, (b) the date the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, and (c) the completion of the Company Meeting (the earliest such date, the "Termination Date"), the undersigned agrees, in his or her capacity as securityholder and not in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the Company:

at any meeting of shareholders of the Company to be held to consider the Arrangement (including the Company Meeting) or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, or any adjournment or postponement thereof or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval (including by written consent in lieu of a meeting) with respect to the Arrangement or any of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement is sought, to attend (in person or by proxy) and be counted as present for purposes of establishing quorum and to vote or to cause to be voted (and not withdraw any proxies or change his or her vote in respect thereof) the Subject Securities entitled to be voted and that are legally or beneficially owned by the undersigned as of the record date for any such meeting (a) in favour of the approval, consent, ratification and adoption of the Arrangement Resolution and any other matter necessary for the consummation of the Arrangement, and (b) against any resolution, action, proposal, transaction or agreement proposed by any other Person, that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement;

no later than ten days prior to a meeting where the undersigned is required to vote or cause to be voted the Subject Securities entitled to be voted in accordance with paragraph 1 hereof, to deliver or to cause to be delivered to the Company or its transfer agent in accordance with the instructions to be set out in the Company Circular in connection with such meeting, duly executed proxies or voting instruction forms, as applicable, in respect of all of the Subject Securities required to be voted or caused to be voted at such meeting (a) instructing the holder thereof to vote (i) in favour of the Arrangement Resolution and any other matter necessary for the consummation of the Arrangement, and (ii) against any matter that would reasonably be expected to adversely

C-5

TABLE OF CONTENTS

affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay, frustrate or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement, and (b) naming those individuals as may be designated by the Company in the Company Circular in connection with the meeting of shareholders of the Company at which the Arrangement Resolution will be voted on;

not to (a) grant or agree to grant any proxy, power of attorney or other right to vote the Subject Securities, except for proxies or voting instructions to vote, or cause to be voted, securities in accordance with this letter agreement or with respect to any annual business to be considered at the Company Meeting, or (b) enter into any agreement or undertaking (including any voting agreement or voting trust with respect to the Subject Securities) that is otherwise inconsistent with, or would interfere with, or prohibit or prevent the undersigned from satisfying, its obligations pursuant to this letter agreement;

not to exercise any rights to dissent or rights of appraisal provided under applicable Law or otherwise in connection with the Arrangement and not to exercise any shareholder rights or remedies available at common law or pursuant to securities or corporate Laws to delay or prevent the Arrangement;

not to make any statements or take any action against the Arrangement or any aspect thereof and to not bring, or threaten to bring, any suits or proceeding for the purpose of, or which has the effect of, directly or indirectly, frustrating, stopping, preventing, impeding, delaying or varying the Arrangement; and

except as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement or upon the settlement of awards or other securities of the Company or the exercise of other rights to purchase Company Shares, including any purchases of Company Shares under any of the Company Incentive Awards, not to, directly or indirectly (a) sell, transfer, gift, assign, grant a participation interest in, option, pledge, hypothecate, grant a security or voting interest in or otherwise convey or encumber (each, a "Transfer"), or enter into any agreement, option or other arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement, forward sale or other monetization arrangement) with respect to the Transfer of any of its Subject Securities to any Person without Parent's prior written consent, other than pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement; or (b) agree to take any actions described in the foregoing clause (a).

Notwithstanding any provision of this letter agreement to the contrary, the Parent acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is executing this letter agreement and is bound hereunder solely in the undersigned's capacity as a securityholder of the Company. Without limiting the provisions of the Arrangement Agreement: (a) nothing contained in this letter agreement shall in any way limit or restrict any actions the undersigned may take in the undersigned's capacity as director or officer of the Company (including exercising rights of the Company or the Company Board under the Arrangement Agreement), or limit in any way whatsoever the exercise of the undersigned's fiduciary duties as director or officer of the Company; and (b) the undersigned will be entitled to (i) Transfer any Subject Securities (1) to any member of such stockholder's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of the undersigned or any member of undersigned's immediate family, in each case for the purposes of estate planning, (2) upon the death of the undersigned, to any member of undersigned's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of any member of the undersigned's immediate family, (3) to any entity or Person controlled by the undersigned, or (4) pursuant to an automatic share disposition plan that exists as of the date of this letter agreement, (ii) exercise his or her rights under the Company Incentive Awards beneficially owned by him or her and (iii) sell or otherwise dispose of Subject Securities to the extent the proceeds of such sale or disposition are paid towards (or otherwise set-off from) the exercise price and/or tax liability incurred as a result of the exercise and/or settlement of a Company Incentive Award.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that (a) it is the sole registered and/or beneficial owner of, or exercises control or direction over, the Subject Securities, and the undersigned has the sole right to vote (in the case of the Subject Securities entitled to be voted) all of the Subject Securities, (b) except for the Arrangement Agreement and this letter agreement, no person has any agreement or option, or any right or privilege (whether by law, pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming an agreement or option for the purchase, acquisition or transfer from the undersigned or the applicable holder any of the Subject Securities or any interest therein or right thereto, and (c) the only securities of the Company beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the undersigned, or over which the undersigned exercises control or direction, on the date hereof are the Subject Securities.

The undersigned acknowledges that the Purchaser and the Parent are relying on the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth in this letter agreement in connection with the Parent's execution and delivery of the Arrangement Agreement.

C-6

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The undersigned agrees that the details of this letter agreement may be described in any press release, proxy statement or information circular or other communication prepared by the Company or the Parent in connection with the Arrangement and in any material change report prepared by the Company or the Parent in connection with the execution and delivery of this letter agreement, and the undersigned further agrees to this letter agreement being made publicly available, including by filing on EDGAR and SEDAR+ and by any filings required under Securities Laws (including disclosure of my identity and the nature of my commitments, arrangements and understandings under this letter agreement and any other information required by Law), in accordance with Securities Laws.

This letter agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the Termination Date.

This letter agreement shall be governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the Laws of the Province of British Columbia and the Laws of Canada applicable therein and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia in respect of all matters arising under and in relation to this letter agreement.

This letter agreement shall be binding upon the undersigned and the Parent and upon their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns (as applicable), provided that neither the undersigned nor the Parent may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its respective rights, interests or obligations under this letter agreement without the prior written consent of the other.

The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Parent would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this letter agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are breached or violated. Accordingly, the undersigned agrees that, without posting bond or other undertaking, the Parent will be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches or violations of the provisions of this letter agreement and to seek to enforce by specific performance this letter agreement and the terms and provisions hereof.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that (a) this letter agreement has been duly executed and delivered and is a valid and binding agreement, enforceable against the undersigned in accordance with its terms, and the performance by the undersigned of its obligations hereunder will not constitute a violation or breach of, or default under, or conflict with, any contract, commitment, agreement, understanding or arrangement of any kind to which the undersigned will be a party and by which the undersigned will be bound at the time of such performance, (b) he or she has read this letter agreement in its entirety, understands it and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions; (c) he or she has been advised to seek independent legal advice with respect to the execution and delivery of this letter agreement and has received such advice or has , without undue influence, elected to waive the benefit of any such advice; and (d) he or she is entering into this letter agreement voluntarily.

This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including counterparts by facsimile or electronic mail) and all such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The parties shall be entitled to rely upon delivery of an executed facsimile or similar executed electronic copy of this letter agreement, and such facsimile or similar executed electronic copy shall be legally effective to create a valid and binding agreement between the parties.

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Parent's understanding and is agreed by the Parent, please signify the Parent's acceptance by executing the enclosed copies of this letter agreement where indicated below by an authorized signatory of the Parent and return the same to the undersigned, upon which the letter agreement as so accepted shall constitute an agreement among the Parent and the undersigned.

[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank; signature page follows.]

C-7

TABLE OF CONTENTS

?            ? ? ?
Yours truly, ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
by:          ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Signature)          ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Print Name)         ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Place of Residency) ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ? (Title)              ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
Address:     ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
             ? ?                      ? ?  
?            ? ? ?                    ? ? ?


Accepted and agreed on November 2, 2025.

?                  ? ? ?
COEUR MINING, INC. ? ?  
                   ? ?        ? ?  
Per:               ? ?        ? ?  
                   ? ? Name:  ? ?  
                   ? ? Title: ? ?  
?                  ? ? ?      ? ? ?


C-8

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex D

Opinion of BMO Capital Markets Corp.

November 2, 2025

The Board of Directors

Coeur Mining, Inc.

200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100

Chicago, Illinois 60606

Dear Board of Directors:

We understand that Coeur Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Coeur"), 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia and wholly owned subsidiary of Coeur ("Purchaser"), and New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia ("New Gold"), propose to enter into an Arrangement Agreement (together with the related plan of arrangement, the "Agreement"). We further understand that the Agreement will provide for, among other things, an arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) involving the acquisition by Coeur, through Purchaser, of all of the outstanding common shares in the capital of New Gold ("New Gold Common Shares" and, such arrangement, the "Arrangement") in exchange for 0.4959 (the "Exchange Ratio") of a share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Coeur ("Coeur Common Stock") for each outstanding New Gold Common Share. The terms and conditions of the Arrangement are more fully described in the Agreement.

The Board of Directors of Coeur (the "Board") has requested that BMO Capital Markets Corp. ("we" or "BMO Capital Markets") render an opinion, as investment bankers and as of the date hereof, to the Board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Coeur of the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Agreement (this "Opinion").

In connection with this Opinion, we have made such reviews, analyses and inquiries as we have deemed necessary and appropriate under the circumstances. Among other things, we have:

(i)

reviewed a draft, dated October 31, 2025, of the Agreement;

(ii)

reviewed certain publicly available business, financial and market information relating to New Gold and Coeur that we deemed relevant;

(iii)

reviewed certain information relating to the historical, current and future operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold made available by or on behalf of New Gold and Coeur and discussed with us by Coeur, including financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data relating to New Gold provided by the management of Coeur;

(iv)

reviewed certain information relating to the historical, current and future operations, financial condition and prospects of Coeur made available to or discussed with us by Coeur, including financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data relating to Coeur provided by the management of Coeur;

(v)

participated in discussions with members of the senior management, and certain representatives and advisors, of Coeur concerning the businesses, operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold and Coeur, the Arrangement and related matters;

(vi)

reviewed certain financial and stock market information for New Gold, Coeur and selected publicly traded companies that we deemed relevant;

(vii)

reviewed certain financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of selected transactions involving companies that we deemed relevant in evaluating New Gold;

(viii)

reviewed current and historical market prices for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock, and reviewed selected research analysts' published price targets for New Gold Common Shares and Coeur Common Stock; and

(ix)

performed such other studies and analyses and conducted such discussions as we deemed appropriate.

D-1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

We have assumed and relied on the accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to us by or on behalf of Coeur, Purchaser, New Gold or their respective representatives or advisors or obtained by us from other sources. We have not independently verified (nor assumed any obligation to verify) any such information, undertaken an independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent, accrued, derivative, off-balance sheet or otherwise) of New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or any other entity and we have not been furnished with any such valuations or appraisals. Furthermore, we have not assumed any obligation to conduct, and we have not conducted, any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or any other entity. We are not experts in the evaluation of mining resources or reserves and we express no view or opinion as to the exploration, development or production (including, without limitation, as to the costs, feasibility, timing or financeability thereof) with respect to any properties or projects of New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or any other entity. We have not evaluated the solvency or fair value of New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or any other entity under any provincial, state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. We express no view or opinion as to any actual or potential arbitration, litigation, claims or possible unasserted claims, investigations or other proceedings involving or affecting New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or any other entity or the potential impact thereof and we have assumed that sufficient reserves have been established with respect thereto and that the outcome thereof will not be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or this Opinion.

We have assumed that all required governmental, regulatory or other approvals, consents, releases, waivers and agreements for the consummation of the Arrangement will be obtained and that no delays, limitations, restrictions, terms, conditions or other actions, including any divestiture or other requirements, will be imposed or occur that would have an adverse effect on New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof) or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or this Opinion. We also have assumed that the Arrangement will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and in compliance with all applicable laws, relevant documents and other requirements, that the representations and warranties of each party contained in the Agreement will be true and correct, that each party will perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed by it under the Agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the Arrangement will be satisfied, in each case without waiver, modification or amendment. We further have assumed that the Arrangement will qualify for the intended tax treatment contemplated by the Agreement. In addition, we have assumed that the final Agreement will not differ in any material respect from the draft of the Agreement we reviewed.

As you are aware, we have not held direct discussions with the management of New Gold regarding New Gold's business, operations, financial condition and prospects and, accordingly, at the direction of Coeur, we have relied upon Coeur with respect to such matters and we have assumed, with your consent, that had such direct access been provided, any information received would not be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or this Opinion. With respect to the financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data that we have been directed to utilize in our analyses and this Opinion, we have been advised by the management of Coeur, and we have assumed, without independent investigation, that such financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data have been reasonably prepared and reflect the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of Coeur as to, and are a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the expected future financial performance of New Gold and Coeur and the other matters covered thereby. We also have assumed that the financial results reflected in such financial forecasts, commodity price estimates and other estimates and data will be realized in the amounts and at the times projected. We understand that the financial statements, financial forecasts and other information relating to New Gold were prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards ("IFRS") and we have assumed that any reconciliations or other differences with respect to such financial statements, financial forecasts and other information between IFRS and U.S. generally accepted accounting principles will not be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or this Opinion. We express no opinion with respect to any financial forecasts, commodity price estimates or other estimates or data or the assumptions on which they are based. With respect to financial statements, financial forecasts and other information and data utilized in our analyses that are prepared in foreign currencies and converted based on certain exchange rates, we have assumed that such exchange rates are reasonable to utilize for purposes of our analyses and this Opinion and we express no view as to currency or exchange rate fluctuations or the impact thereof on our analyses or this Opinion. We also have assumed, without independent verification, that there has been no change in the businesses, assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects of New Gold or Coeur since the respective dates of

D-2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the most recent financial statements and other information, financial or otherwise, provided to us that would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or this Opinion, and that there is no information or any facts that would make any of the information reviewed by us incomplete or misleading.

We have relied upon the assessments of the management of Coeur as to, among other things, (i) the potential impact on New Gold and Coeur of market, competitive, macroeconomic, geopolitical and other conditions, trends and developments in and prospects for, and governmental, regulatory and legislative matters relating to or affecting, the mining industry and the geographies in which New Gold and Coeur operate, including with respect to mineral reserves and mineral resources, the pricing of, and supply and demand for, metals and the exploration and development projects and activities of New Gold and Coeur, including the likelihood and timing of such projects and activities and associated production profile and capital expenditures, operating and other costs and other financial aspects involved, which are subject to significant volatility and which, if different than as assumed, could have a material impact on our analyses or opinion, (ii) existing and future agreements and other arrangements involving, and ability to attract, retain and/or replace, key employees, suppliers, service providers and other commercial relationships of New Gold and Coeur and (iii) the ability of Coeur to integrate the businesses of New Gold and Coeur. We have assumed that there will be no developments with respect to any such matters or any reorganization or related transactions contemplated by the Agreement that would have an adverse effect on New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof) or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or this Opinion.

This Opinion is necessarily based upon financial, economic, market and other conditions and circumstances as they exist and can be evaluated, and the information made available to us, as of the date hereof. We have not undertaken, and are under no obligation, to update, revise, reaffirm or withdraw this Opinion or otherwise comment on or consider events occurring or coming to our attention after the date hereof, including potential changes in U.S. or foreign trade, tax or other laws, regulations and government policies or the enforcement thereof as have been or may be proposed or effected or the potential impact such changes may have on New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof). As you are aware, the industries and geographies in which New Gold and Coeur operate (including commodity prices relating to such industries) and the securities of New Gold and Coeur have experienced and may continue to experience volatility and disruptions and we express no view or opinion as to any potential effects of such volatility or disruptions on New Gold, Coeur, Purchaser or the Arrangement (including the contemplated benefits thereof).

This Opinion, as expressed herein, relates to the relative values of New Gold and Coeur and relates solely to the fairness of the Exchange Ratio, from a financial point of view, to Coeur as of the date hereof. We express no opinion as to the relative merits of the Arrangement or any other transactions or business strategies as alternatives to the Arrangement or the decision of the Board to proceed with the Arrangement, nor do we express any view or opinion on the form or structure of the Arrangement or any terms, aspects or implications of any voting agreements, governance arrangements, pre-acquisition reorganization or related transactions or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding to be entered into in connection with or contemplated by the Arrangement or otherwise. In addition, we do not express any view or opinion as to the fairness, financial or otherwise, of the amount or nature of any compensation payable to or to be received by any officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, in connection with the Arrangement relative to the Exchange Ratio or otherwise. We are not experts in and express no view as to, and this Opinion does not address, any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or similar matters. We have relied upon the fact that Coeur has received all necessary legal, regulatory, tax and accounting advice and upon the assessments of representatives of Coeur as to such matters. We express no view or opinion as to the actual value of Coeur Common Stock when issued in the Arrangement or the prices at which Coeur Common Stock, New Gold Common Shares or any other securities of Coeur or New Gold may trade or otherwise be transferable at any time, including following announcement or consummation of the Arrangement.

BMO Capital Markets' affiliate, BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc., has acted as financial advisor to Coeur with respect to the Arrangement and will receive a fee for such services, of which a portion is payable upon delivery of this Opinion regardless of the conclusion reached in this Opinion, and the principal portion is contingent upon successful consummation of the Arrangement. Coeur also has agreed to reimburse certain of our expenses and to indemnify us and certain related parties against certain potential liabilities arising from our engagement.

BMO Capital Markets and certain of our affiliates, as part of our investment banking business, are engaged regularly in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and

D-3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

valuations for corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of business, BMO Capital Markets and our affiliates from time to time for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and BMO Capital Markets and certain of our employees and affiliates as well as investment funds in which they may have financial interests or with which they may co-invest, effect transactions in, acquire, hold or sell, long or short positions, or trade, in debt, equity and other securities and financial instruments (including derivative securities, loans and other obligations) of, or investments in, Coeur, New Gold or any other party that may be involved in the Arrangement and/or their respective affiliates or any currency or commodity that may be involved in the Arrangement.

As the Board is aware, BMO Capital Markets and/or certain of our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing and in the future may provide certain financial advisory, investment banking, corporate finance and other financial services (including treasury and payment services) unrelated to the Arrangement to Coeur and/or certain of its affiliates, for which we and our affiliates have received and would expect to receive compensation, including, during the approximate two-year period preceding the date of this Opinion, having acted or acting as a (i) financial advisor in connection with an acquisition transaction, (ii) syndicate member and/or sales agent for certain equity offerings of Coeur Common Stock and (iii) lender under certain credit facilities. As the Board also is aware, BMO Capital Markets and/or certain of our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing and in the future may provide certain financial advisory, investment banking, corporate finance and other financial services (including treasury and payment services) to New Gold, for which we and our affiliates have received and would expect to receive compensation, including, during the approximate two-year period preceding the date of this Opinion, having acted or acting as a (i) syndicate underwriter for certain equity offerings of New Gold Common Shares and (ii) lender under certain credit facilities.

The issuance of this Opinion has been approved by a fairness opinion committee of BMO Capital Markets. This Opinion has been prepared at the request and for the benefit and use of the Board (in its capacity as such) in evaluating the Exchange Ratio from a financial point of view. This Opinion does not constitute a recommendation to the Board, any security holder or any other party as to how to vote or act with respect to the Arrangement or any other proposals or other matters.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, it is our opinion, as investment bankers and as of the date hereof, that the Exchange Ratio provided for pursuant to the Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Coeur.

Very truly yours,

BMO Capital Markets Corp.

D-4

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex E

RBC Capital Markets, LLC200 Vesey StreetNew York, NY 10281 ? ? ?
?                                                          ? ? ?


November 2, 2025

The Board of Directors of Coeur Mining, Inc.

200 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 2100

Chicago, IL 60606

The Board of Directors:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Coeur Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), of the Exchange Ratio (defined below) provided for pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in an Arrangement Agreement (the "Arrangement Agreement") entered into by and among the Company, 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a British Columbia corporation and subsidiary of the Company (the "Purchaser"), and New Gold Inc., a British Columbia corporation (the "Target"). The Arrangement Agreement provides for, among other things, a plan of arrangement (the "Plan of Arrangement") whereby the Purchaser will acquire, subject to certain exceptions, all of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Target (each, a "Target Common Share") and pursuant to which each outstanding Target Common Share will be converted, subject to certain exceptions, into the right to receive 0.4959 (the "Exchange Ratio") of a share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock"). The terms and conditions of the transaction contemplated by the Plan of Arrangement (the "Transaction") are set forth more fully in the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement.

RBC Capital Markets, LLC ("RBCCM"), as part of our investment banking services, is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings, underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of business, RBCCM and/or certain of our affiliates may actively trade securities of the Company, the Target and/or other entities involved in the Transaction or their respective affiliates for our or our affiliates' own account or for the account of customers and, accordingly, RBCCM and our affiliates may hold a long or short position in such securities. We have been retained by the Company to provide this opinion in connection with the Transaction and we will receive a fee for our services, which is payable upon delivery of this opinion, without regard to the conclusion herein. In addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities that may arise out of our engagement and to reimburse us for certain expenses incurred in connection with our services. As you are aware, RBCCM and certain of our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide, investment banking, commercial banking and financial advisory services to the Company, the Target and certain of their respective affiliates unrelated to the Transaction, for which services RBCCM and our affiliates have received and expect to receive customary compensation, including, since the beginning of RBCCM's 2023 fiscal year (November 1. 2022), having acted or acting (a) with respect to the Company, as (i) a lender under a credit facility, (ii) an agent in connection with an at-the market Company Common Stock offering in August 2023, and (iii) cash management services, and (b) with respect to the Target, as (i) a lender under a credit facility, (ii) co-lead manager in connection with a Target Common Shares offering in May 2024, and (iii) joint bookrunner in connection with a senior notes offering in March 2025.

For purposes of rendering our opinion, we have undertaken such review, inquiries and analyses as we deemed necessary or appropriate under the circumstances, including the following:

(i)

we reviewed the financial terms of (a) the Arrangement Agreement, and (b) the Plan of Arrangement attached to the Arrangement Agreement;

(ii)

we reviewed certain publicly available financial and other information, and certain historical operating data, relating to the Company made available to us from published sources and internal records of the Company;

(iii)

we reviewed certain publicly available financial and other information, and certain historical operating data, relating to the Target made available to us from published sources and internal records of the Target;

E-1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors

Coeur Mining, Inc.

November 2, 2025

(iv)

we reviewed (a) financial projections and other estimates and data relating to the Company (the "Company Projections") and the Target (the "Target Projections" and, together with the Company Projections, the "Projections") in each case, prepared by the management of the Company, including certain future gold, silver and copper commodity price assumptions, which consisted of research analyst consensus pricing estimates for such commodities, as provided by the management of the Company, and (b) estimates of the intrinsic value for certain unmodelled resources of the Company not otherwise accounted for in the Company Projections prepared by the management of the Company ("Unmodelled Resources"), all of which financial projections and other estimates and data we were directed by management of the Company to utilize for purposes of our analyses and opinion;

(v)

we conducted discussions with members of the senior management of the Company relating to the respective businesses, prospects and financial outlook of the Company and the Target and certain future gold, silver and copper commodity price assumptions, which consisted of research analyst consensus pricing estimates for such commodities, as provided by management of the Company;

(vi)

we reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Target Common Shares and Company Common Stock;

(vii)

we compared certain financial metrics of the Company and the Target with those of selected publicly traded companies in lines of businesses that we considered generally relevant in evaluating the Company and the Target;

(viii)

we compared certain financial terms of the Transaction with those of selected precedent transactions that we considered generally relevant in evaluating the Transaction; and

(ix)

we considered other information and performed other studies and analyses as we deemed appropriate.

In rendering our opinion, we have assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all information that was reviewed by us, including all financial, legal, tax, accounting, operating and other information provided to, or discussed with us by, or on behalf of, the Company or the Target (including, without limitation, financial statements and related notes), and upon the assurances of the management and other representatives of the Company that they are not aware of any relevant information that has been omitted or that remains undisclosed to us. We have not assumed responsibility for independently verifying and have not independently verified such information. We also have assumed that each of the Projections and Unmodelled Resources that we were directed to utilize in our analyses were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of the Company as to the future financial performance of, and, together with the future commodity price assumptions referenced above, are a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the Company, the Target and the other matters covered thereby (subject, in the case of the Projections, to the varying underlying gold, silver and copper commodity price assumptions). We express no opinion as to any such financial projections, other estimates and data or the assumptions upon which they are based. We have relied upon the assessments of the management of the Company as to future gold, silver and copper mining and production, market and cyclical trends and prospects relating to the gold, silver and copper mining industries, regulatory matters with respect thereto and the potential impact thereof on the Company and the Target. We have assumed that there will be no developments with respect to any of the foregoing that would have an adverse effect on the Company, the Target or the Transaction or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or opinion.

E-2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors

Coeur Mining, Inc.

November 2, 2025

In connection with our opinion, we have not assumed any responsibility to perform, and we have not performed, an independent valuation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities (contingent, off-balance sheet, accrued, derivative or otherwise) of or relating to the Company, the Target or any other entity and we have not been furnished with any such valuations or appraisals, other than the information with respect to the Unmodelled Resources. We have not assumed any obligation to conduct, and we have not conducted, any physical inspection of the mining operations, property or facilities of the Company, the Target or any other entity. We are not experts in the evaluation of gold, silver or copper reserves, mining or production levels and we express no view as to the reserve quantities, or the development or production (including, without limitation, as to the feasibility or timing), of any gold, silver or copper reserves of the Company, the Target or otherwise. We also express no view as to future gold, silver or copper and related commodity prices utilized in our analyses, which prices are subject to significant volatility and which, if different from as assumed, could have a material impact on our analyses or opinion. We have not investigated, and make no assumption regarding, any litigation or other claims affecting the Company, the Target or any other entity. We have not evaluated the solvency or fair value of the Company, the Target or any other entity under any state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. We have assumed that the Transaction will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement and in compliance with all applicable laws, documents and other requirements, without waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement, and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary governmental, regulatory or third party approvals, consents, releases, waivers and agreements for the Transaction, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition will be imposed or occur, including any divestiture or other requirements, that would have an adverse effect on the Company, the Target or the Transaction or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or opinion.

Our opinion speaks only as of the date hereof, is based on conditions as they exist and information supplied or reviewed as of the date hereof, and is without regard to any market, economic, financial, legal, or other circumstances or event of any kind or nature which may exist or occur after such date. We have not undertaken any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this opinion for events occurring after the date hereof. Our opinion, as set forth herein, relates to the relative values of Company Common Stock and Target Common Shares. We are not expressing any opinion as to the actual value of Company Common Stock when issued or distributed in the Transaction or the price or range of prices at which Company Common Stock, or any other securities of the Company may trade or otherwise be transferable at any time, including following announcement or consummation of the Transaction. As you are aware, the credit, financial and stock markets, and the industries in which the Company and the Target operate, have experienced and continue to experience volatility and we express no opinion or view as to any potential effects of such volatility on the Company or the Target (or their respective businesses) or the Transaction.

The advice (written or oral) of RBCCM and our opinion expressed herein is provided for the benefit, information and assistance of the Board of Directors of the Company (in its capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Transaction. We express no opinion and make no recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote or act with respect to the Transaction or any proposal to be voted upon in connection with the Transaction or otherwise.

Our opinion addresses the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date hereof, of the Exchange Ratio (to the extent expressly specified herein). Our opinion does not in any way address any other terms, conditions, implications or other aspects of the Transaction or the Arrangement Agreement, or Plan of Arrangement, including, without limitation, the form or structure of the Transaction, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding to be entered into in connection with or contemplated by the Transaction or otherwise. Our opinion also does not address the underlying business decision of the Company to engage in the Transaction or the relative merits of the Transaction compared to any alternative business strategy or transaction that may be available to the Company or in which the Company might engage. We do not express any opinion or view with respect to, and we have relied upon the assessments of the Company and its representatives regarding, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and similar matters, as to which we understand that the Company has obtained such advice as it deemed necessary

E-3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

from qualified professionals. Further, in rendering our opinion, we do not express any view on, and our opinion does not address, the fairness of the amount or nature of the compensation (if any) or other consideration to any officers, directors or employees of any party, or class of such persons, relative to the Exchange Ratio or otherwise.

The issuance of our opinion has been approved by RBCCM's Fairness Opinion Committee.

Based on our experience as investment bankers and subject to the foregoing, including the various assumptions and limitations set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio provided for in the Transaction is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company.

? ? ? ?
  ? ? Very truly yours,
  ? ?  
  ? ? /s/ RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC
  ? ?  
  ? ? RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC
? ? ? ?


E-4

TABLE OF CONTENTS



TABLE OF CONTENTS



Disclaimer

Coeur Mining Inc. published this content on December 22, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 22, 2025 at 13:53 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020251222elcm00a3x




New Gold Inc. - MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR (Form 6-K)

New Gold Inc. published this content on December 22, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 22, 2025 at 11:50 UTC. 
113,847 words
22 December 2025
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings
SAEXC
English
Copyright 2025. As included in the Information 

Access the original document here

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR (Form 6-K)

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR

in connection with a proposed

ARRANGEMENT

involving

NEW GOLD INC.,

1561611 B.C. LTD.

and

COEUR MINING, INC.

December 19, 2025

TAKE ACTION AND VOTE TODAY

These materials are important and require your immediate attention. They require shareholders of New Gold Inc. to make important decisions. If you are in doubt as to how to make such decisions, please contact your professional advisors. If you have any questions or require more information with respect to the procedures for voting, please contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your shares of New Gold Inc. and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

If you have any questions or require more information with respect to the procedures for completing your transmittal documentation, please contact Computershare Investor Services Inc. by email at corporateactions@computershare.com. Alternatively, please call Computershare Investor Services Inc. toll-free at 1-800-564-6253 (toll free within North America) or 1-514-982-7555 (outside of North America).

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF NEW GOLD INC. UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ARRANGEMENT RESOLUTION

December 19, 2025

Dear New Gold shareholders:

On behalf of the board of directors (the "Board") and management of New Gold Inc. ("New Gold" or the "Company"), I am writing to invite you to attend a special meeting of New Gold shareholders on January 27, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) (the "Meeting") to vote on a transformational transaction for our Company.

At the Meeting, you will be asked to approve a proposed statutory arrangement under Division 5 of Part 9 of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), pursuant to which 1561611 B.C. Ltd. (the "Purchaser"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur Mining, Inc. ("Coeur"), will acquire all of the outstanding common shares of New Gold ("New Gold Shares") in exchange for newly issued shares of common stock of Coeur (each whole share, a "Coeur Share") on the basis of 0.4959 of a Coeur Share (the "Exchange Ratio") for each New Gold Share (the "Arrangement").

A Defining Transaction for New Gold

After a comprehensive review of strategic alternatives and careful deliberation, your Board and our independent special committee (the "Special Committee") have reached a unanimous conclusion: this Arrangement represents the best path forward for New Gold and provides New Gold shareholders with an attractive opportunity to participate in a premier precious metals producer through the ownership of Coeur Shares following the Arrangement.

The New Gold Special Committee and Board Recommend Shareholders Vote FOR the Arrangement

As detailed in the accompanying Management Information Circular, the Board considered a variety of factors to support its unanimous recommendation that New Gold shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement, including:

· Creation of a Premier Precious Metals Producer. The Board believes that the Arrangement will create a premier precious metals producer, which is expected to provide a number of benefits to Shareholders through their ownership of the combined company: o Creates a Leading, All North American-Based Precious Metals Producer. The Arrangement creates a 100% North American senior mining company with an implied pro forma combined equity market capitalization of approximately $20 billion as of the signing of the arrangement agreement dated November 2, 2025 between New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser, seven high-quality operations with estimated production of approximately 1.25 million gold equivalent ounces in 2026, including 20 million ounces of silver, 900,000 ounces of gold and 100 million pounds of copper, over 80% of its revenue generated from the U.S. and Canada, and sector-leading free cash flow. o The Combined Company is Expected to Have Significant Combined EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The combined company is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of EBITDA1 and approximately $2.0 billion of free cash flow2 in 2026. 

1   "EBITDA" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures" in the accompanying Management Information Circular for further information. 
2   "Free cash flow" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non- GAAP Measures" in the accompanying Management Information Circular for further information. 


o Greater Exposure to Long Life, Low Risk North American Assets and Increased Reserve and Resource Profile. The combined company provides shareholders with exposure to a portfolio of long-life operations with mine life and resources expected to extend well beyond the current mine life of New Gold's existing two mines. This enhances resilience, reduces exposure to any single asset, and supports sustainable free cash flow going forward. o Strengthened Financial Position. The combined company is expected to have a strong free cash flow profile and a net cash position at closing with a rapidly growing cash balance, creating a clear path toward a potential investment-grade credit rating and to higher levels of shareholder returns. o Robust, Fully-Funded Growth Pipeline. The combined company's strong financial position is expected to accelerate investment in multiple potential high-return organic growth opportunities including New Afton's K-Zone, brownfield exploration at Rainy River, and exploration and mine life extension opportunities across all of Coeur's existing high-quality portfolio in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. The Board believes the combined company's robust financial strength and flexibility, along with its extensive underground mining expertise, will allow it to unlock additional potential at New Afton and Rainy River. o Enhanced Sector and Capital Market Profile and Liquidity. The combined company is expected to rank among the top 10 largest precious metals companies and top five global silver producers with silver representing approximately 30% of the combined company's total mineral reserves. This enhanced scale is expected to provide investors with significantly enhanced daily trading liquidity of over $380 million with the potential for inclusion in key major U.S. indexes. Shareholders will also receive enhanced trading liquidity and capital markets exposure with a NYSE listing combined with the new TSX listing of the Coeur Shares. o Valuation Re-rating Potential. The strategic and financial benefits from the Arrangement (i.e., greater free cash flow, longer reserve life, lower risk and improved liquidity) are expected to position the combined company for a valuation re-rating. o Enhanced Leadership Team and Board of Directors. The combined company will be led by an experienced senior executive team, comprised of leadership from both Coeur and New Gold, with a wealth of industry knowledge and complementary expertise in developing and operating open pit and underground mines. This team is expected to create a stronger and more resilient organization. Additionally, current New Gold President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Patrick Godin, and one other current New Gold director will join Coeur's Board of Directors upon completion of the Arrangement. o Reduced Risk Through Asset Diversification. Compared to New Gold's current dependency on two operating mines, the combined company will have a broader, more balanced portfolio, and enhanced technical capabilities to improve resilience and strategic flexibility and reduce overall operating risk. · Shareholders Continue to Participate in the Operations and Growth of the combined company. Immediately following completion of the Arrangement, shareholders will own approximately 38% of the combined company, retaining meaningful exposure to future upside at New Afton and Rainy River, the well-balanced portfolio of mines in North America of the combined company and the benefits described above.

A Rigorous Process Designed to Maximize Your Value

The Arrangement is the result of a rigorous, arm's length process, including multiple rounds of negotiation, comprehensive due diligence, and the receipt of fairness opinions from each of National Bank Financial and CIBC World Markets. The Board has secured terms that not only deliver attractive value but also position you to benefit from the future growth and financial strength of the combined company.

The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the Arrangement. All directors and officers of New Gold have entered into support and voting agreements and will be voting their shares FOR the Arrangement.

Your Vote Matters: Next Steps

Please review the accompanying Management Information Circular, which contains a detailed description of the Arrangement and the Meeting, as well as detailed information regarding New Gold and Coeur, and certain illustrative pro forma information regarding the combined company after giving effect to the Arrangement. Please read this information carefully and, if you require assistance, consult your legal, tax, financial or other professional advisor.

YOUR VOTE IS CRITICAL, REGARDLESS OF HOW MANY SHARES YOU OWN. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO VOTE PROMPTLY, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING. We encourage you to vote in advance of the Meeting using a form of proxy (in the case of registered New Gold shareholders) or voting instruction form (in the case of non-registered (beneficial) New Gold shareholders) by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026 (or by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the day other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory or civic holiday which is at least 48 hours prior to the Meeting if it is adjourned or postponed).

If you have any questions or require assistance with voting your New Gold shares, please contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

Thank you for your continued confidence in New Gold. I look forward to your participation in this important vote and to the exciting future ahead for our combined company.

Sincerely,

(Signed) "Richard O'Brien"

Chair of the Board of Directors

NEW GOLD INC.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF NEW GOLD INC.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that, pursuant to an order (the "Interim Order") of the Supreme Court of British Columbia (the "Court") dated December 17, 2025, a special meeting (the "Meeting") of holders ("Shareholders") of common shares ("New Gold Shares") of New Gold Inc. ("New Gold") will be held at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 27, 2026 at the offices of Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP at 155 Wellington Street West, Suite 4000, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7. The Meeting can also be accessed via live webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, password "newgold2026" (case sensitive) at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 27, 2026. The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:

(a) to consider and, if deemed advisable, to approve, with or without variation, a special resolution (the "Arrangement Resolution"), the full text of which is attached as Appendix A to the accompanying management information circular (the "Circular") of New Gold, approving a statutory plan of arrangement (the "Arrangement") under Division 5 of Part 9 of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the "BCBCA") involving New Gold, 1561611 B.C. Ltd. (the "Purchaser"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur Mining, Inc. ("Coeur") and Coeur, pursuant to the arrangement agreement dated November 2, 2025 between New Gold, the Purchaser and Coeur, the full text of which is set forth in Appendix A to the accompanying Circular, all as more particularly set forth in the accompanying Circular; and (b) to transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

This Notice of Special Meeting is accompanied by the Circular, which provides additional information relating to the matters to be addressed at the Meeting and forms part of this Notice of Special Meeting.

In order to become effective, the Arrangement Resolution must be approved by: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes of certain related parties (as required by Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions). In addition to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution, completion of the Arrangement is conditional upon certain other matters described in the Circular, including an affirmative vote by holders of Coeur's common stock, the approval of the Court and applicable regulatory approvals.

Shareholders may attend the Meeting in person at the offices of Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP at 155 Wellington Street West, Suite 4000, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7, or virtually via live webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, password "newgold2026" (case sensitive). The Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 27, 2026, unless the Meeting is postponed or adjourned. All Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person must carefully follow the procedures outlined in the Circular and register with our transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services Inc., at the registration desk to obtain an admission card before entering the Meeting. Shareholders and their duly appointed proxyholders will also be able to participate, ask questions and vote in "real time" through an online portal that may be accessed at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927 by following the instructions set out in the Circular. Shareholders must carefully follow the procedures set out in the Circular in order to vote virtually and ask questions through the online portal. We recommend that Shareholders participating virtually log in at least one hour before the Meeting begins. Shareholders who do not follow the procedures set out in the Circular will nonetheless be able to view a live webcast of the Meeting, but will not be able to ask questions or vote. Please refer to the section of the Circular entitled "The Meeting" for more information. All Shareholders are strongly encouraged to complete, date, sign and return the enclosed form of proxy (in the case of registered Shareholders) or voting instruction form (in the case of non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders) to ensure that your vote is represented at the Meeting.

Your vote is important. As a Shareholder, it is very important that you read this Notice of Special Meeting and accompanying Circular carefully and then vote your New Gold Shares. The board of directors of New Gold has fixed December 17, 2025 as the record date (the "Record Date") for the determination of the registered Shareholders who will be entitled to receive notice of the Meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and who will be entitled to vote at the Meeting. Proxies to be used or acted upon at the Meeting must be deposited with New Gold's transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services Inc., by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026 (or by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory or civic holiday, which is at least 48 hours prior to the Meeting if it is adjourned or postponed). The time limit for deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the Chair of the Meeting, at the Chair's discretion, with or without notice. Shareholders holding New Gold Shares through an intermediary may have an earlier deadline by which the intermediary must receive voting instructions. Shareholders that hold New Gold Shares through an intermediary should follow the instructions provided by the intermediary.

Registered Shareholders as of the Record Date may exercise dissent rights with respect to New Gold Shares held by such dissenting Shareholders ("Dissent Rights") in connection with the Arrangement pursuant to and in the manner set forth in Part 8 Division 2 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement attached as Appendix D to the Circular (the "Plan of Arrangement") and any other order of the Court; provided that the written notice setting forth such registered Shareholder's objection to the Arrangement Resolution and exercise of Dissent Rights (the "Notice of Dissent") must be received by New Gold no later than 4:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) on the day that is at least two Business Days (as defined in the accompanying Circular) prior to the Meeting, or any date to which the Meeting may be postponed or adjourned. Each dissenting Shareholder who properly and validly exercises his, hers or its Dissent Rights shall be entitled to be paid fair value for its Dissent Shares (as defined in the accompanying Circular). Anyone who is a non-registered (beneficial) owner of New Gold Shares and who wishes to exercise Dissent Rights should be aware that only registered Shareholders as of the Record Date are entitled to exercise Dissent Rights. Accordingly, a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder who desires to exercise Dissent Rights (a) must have made arrangements for the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by such holder to be registered in the name of such holder prior to the Record Date; or (b) alternatively, must make arrangements for the registered Shareholder of such New Gold Shares to exercise Dissent Rights on behalf of such non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder. Dissent Rights are more particularly described in the accompanying Circular. The statutory provisions covering Dissent Rights are technical and complex. Failure to strictly comply with the requirements set forth in Division 2 of Part 8 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement and any other order of the Court, may result in the loss of Dissent Rights. It is strongly recommended that any Shareholder wishing to dissent with respect to the Arrangement Resolution seek independent legal advice.

If you have any questions or require assistance with voting your New Gold Shares, please contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

DATED at Toronto, Ontario, this 19 day of December, 2025.

  By Order of the Board of Directors of New Gold Inc. 
  
  (Signed) "Richard O'Brien" 
  Richard O'Brien 
  Chair of the Board of Directors 


TABLE OF CONTENTS

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ARRANGEMENT AND THE MEETING                                         1 
                                                                                                    
SUMMARY                                                                                             16 
                                                                                                    
MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR                                                                     30 
                                                                                                    
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS IN THE UNITED STATES                                                         31 
                                                                                                    
STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION                                                    32 
                                                                                                    
NON-GAAP MEASURES                                                                                   35 
                                                                                                    
REPORTING CURRENCIES AND ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES                                                      36 
                                                                                                    
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION                                                                  36 
                                                                                                    
THE MEETING                                                                                         37 
                                                                                                    
Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials                                                37 
Meeting Procedures                                                                                  37 
Voting Procedures                                                                                   38 
Voting Securities and Principal Holders of Voting Securities                                        44 
Business of the Meeting                                                                             44 
Record Date                                                                                         44 
Quorum                                                                                              44 
                                                                                                    
THE ARRANGEMENT                                                                                     45 
                                                                                                    
Description of the Arrangement                                                                      45 
Directors                                                                                           48 
Purpose of the Arrangement                                                                          48 
Background to the Arrangement                                                                       48 
Recommendation of the Special Committee                                                             58 
Recommendation of the Board                                                                         58 
Fairness Opinions                                                                                   62 
The Plan of Arrangement                                                                             64 
Procedure for Exchange of New Gold Shares and Letter of Transmittal                                 66 
Fractional Shares                                                                                   68 
Lost Certificates                                                                                   68 
Extinction of Rights                                                                                68 
Withholding Rights                                                                                  69 
Stock Exchange Matters                                                                              69 
Approvals Required for the Arrangement                                                              70 
Timing                                                                                              75 
Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement   76 
                                                                                                    
THE ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT                                                                           77 
                                                                                                    
The Arrangement                                                                                     77 
Consideration                                                                                       78 
Efforts to Obtain Required New Gold Shareholder Approval                                            78 
Efforts to Obtain Required Coeur Stockholder Approvals                                              78 
Final Court Approval                                                                                79 
Conditions to Closing                                                                               79 
Representations and Warranties                                                                      81 
Covenants                                                                                           82 
Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals                                      84 
Certain Employee Matters                                                                            87 
Insurance Matters                                                                                   88 
Termination of the Arrangement Agreement                                                            88 
Amendments                                                                                          92 
Governing Law                                                                                       92 
Injunctive Relief                                                                                   92 


SUPPORT AND VOTING AGREEMENTS                                                           93 
                                                                                        
CERTAIN CANADIAN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS                                      94 
                                                                                        
CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS                                 101 
                                                                                        
RISK FACTORS                                                                            107 
                                                                                        
Risk Factors Relating to the Arrangement                                                107 
Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following Completion of the Arrangement   111 
                                                                                        
BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER MI 61-101                                                    115 
                                                                                        
Minority Approval Requirements                                                          117 
Formal Valuation                                                                        117 
Prior Valuations                                                                        117 
Prior Offers                                                                            118 
                                                                                        
DISSENT RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS                                                          118 
                                                                                        
INFORMATION CONCERNING NEW GOLD                                                         120 
                                                                                        
INFORMATION CONCERNING COEUR                                                            121 
                                                                                        
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMBINED COMPANY                                             121 
                                                                                        
INTEREST OF INFORMED PERSONS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS                                   121 
                                                                                        
INTEREST OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN MATTERS TO BE ACTED UPON                                 121 
                                                                                        
AUDITOR, TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR                                                   123 
                                                                                        
EXPENSES OF THE ARRANGEMENT                                                             123 
                                                                                        
LEGAL MATTERS                                                                           123 
                                                                                        
INTERESTS OF EXPERTS                                                                    124 
                                                                                        
New Gold                                                                                124 
Coeur                                                                                   124 
                                                                                        
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                                                                  125 
                                                                                        
DIRECTORS' APPROVAL                                                                     126 
                                                                                        
CONSENTS                                                                                127 
                                                                                        
GLOSSARY OF TERMS                                                                       129 
                                                                                        
Appendix A Arrangement Resolution                                                       A-1 
Appendix B Interim Order                                                                B-1 
Appendix C Petition and Notice of Hearing of Petition for the Final Order               C-1 
Appendix D Plan of Arrangement                                                          D-1 
Appendix E Fairness Opinion of CIBC World Markets Inc.                                  E-1 
Appendix F Fairness Opinion of National Bank Financial Inc.                             F-1 
Appendix G Information Concerning New Gold                                              G-1 
Appendix H Information Concerning Coeur                                                 H-1 
Appendix I Information Concerning the Combined Company                                  I-1 
Appendix J Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information                                    J-1 
Appendix K Dissent Provisions of the BCBCA                                              K-1 
Appendix L Comparison of Rights of New Gold Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders         L-1 


QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ARRANGEMENT

AND THE MEETING

The information contained below is of a summary nature and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Circular, including the appendices hereto, the form of proxy and the Letter of Transmittal, all of which are important and should be reviewed carefully. Capitalized terms used in these questions and answers but not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the "Glossary of Terms" of this Circular.

Why is the Meeting being held?

The Meeting is being held because New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser have entered into the Arrangement Agreement pursuant to which the Purchaser will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares by way of the Arrangement. As consideration under the Arrangement, Shareholders (other than Dissenting Shareholders) will receive 0.4959 of a Coeur Share for each New Gold Share they hold. The Arrangement cannot proceed unless a number of conditions are satisfied, including the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders. In order to become effective, the Arrangement Resolution will require the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes of certain related parties (as defined under MI 61-101) and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101" in this Circular.

See below under the headings "The Meeting", "The Arrangement Agreement" and "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement" for more information.

What are Shareholders being asked to vote on and approve?

Shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on the Arrangement Resolution, which authorizes and approves a statutory plan of arrangement under Division 5 of Part 9 of the BCBCA pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement. The Arrangement provides for the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares by the Purchaser in exchange for Coeur Shares based on an exchange ratio of 0.4959 of a Coeur Share for each New Gold Share. The Arrangement also provides for cash payments in settlement of certain Incentive Awards. Immediately following completion of the Arrangement, New Gold will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. Following completion of the Arrangement, existing Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders are expected to own approximately 38% and 62% of the Combined Company, respectively, in each case based on the number of New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares issued and outstanding on October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement.

See below under the headings "The Meeting - Business of the Meeting" and "The Arrangement - The Plan of Arrangement" for more information.

Why did I receive this Circular?

You received this Circular and accompanying Meeting Materials because you have been identified as a Shareholder entitled to receive notice of and vote at the Meeting as of the close of business on the Record Date. This Circular contains important information about the Arrangement and the Meeting. You should read it carefully.

What Consideration will I receive for my New Gold Shares?

Following the Effective Time, each Shareholder will receive consideration of 0.4959 of a Coeur Share for each New Gold Share they hold (other than Dissent Shares held by Dissenting Shareholders).

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Consideration" for more information.

Does this Consideration reflect a premium for the New Gold Shares?

The Exchange Ratio implied a consideration of approximately $8.51 per New Gold Share based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares on the NYSE on October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement, representing a 16% premium to the closing price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American on the same date. While the share prices have continued to fluctuate since announcement, the ownership split, which the Board believes is fair and appropriate in light of the contribution from the two entities, is fixed.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board" for more information.

Was a special committee formed in connection with the Arrangement?

Yes. A special committee of independent directors was formed to oversee the review and consideration of the Arrangement. The Special Committee is comprised of the following independent directors: Richard O'Brien (Chair), Ross Bhapu and Nicholas Chirekos.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement" for more information.

What is the recommendation of the Special Committee?

After careful consideration of the terms of the Arrangement and alternatives thereto, including the prospect of proceeding independently to pursue the Company's current business plan, consideration of briefings from senior management, consultations with its legal and financial advisors, receipt of the Fairness Opinions and such other matters as it considered necessary, the Special Committee unanimously:

· determined that the Arrangement is in the best interests of New Gold and is fair to the Shareholders; and · recommended that the Board approve the Arrangement and recommend that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Special Committee" for more information.

What is the recommendation of the Board?

The Board, having undertaken a thorough review of, and having carefully considered the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement, and after consulting with its financial and legal advisors, including having received and taken into account the Fairness Opinions, the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee and such other matters as it considered necessary and relevant, including the factors set out in the Circular under the heading "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Board - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board", unanimously:

· determined that the Arrangement and the entry into the Arrangement Agreement are in the best interests of New Gold; · determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Shareholders; · approved the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and · recommends that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Board" for more information.

- 2?-

Why are the Board and the Special Committee making this recommendation?

In the course of their evaluation of the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board considered a number of factors, including those listed below, with the benefit of input from New Gold's senior management, and the financial advisors and legal counsel to the Company and the Special Committee.

The following is a summary of the principal reasons for the unanimous recommendation of the Board that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution:

· Creation of a Premier Precious Metals Producer. The Board believes that the Arrangement will create a premier precious metals producer, which is expected to provide a number of benefits to Shareholders through their ownership of the Combined Company: o Creates a Leading, All North American-Based Precious Metals Producer. The Arrangement creates a 100% North American senior mining company with an implied pro forma combined equity market capitalization of approximately $20 billion as of the signing of the Arrangement Agreement, seven high-quality operations with estimated production of approximately 1.25 million gold equivalent ounces in 2026, including 20 million ounces of silver, 900,000 ounces of gold and 100 million pounds of copper, over 80% of its revenue generated from the U.S. and Canada, and sector-leading free cash flow. o The Combined Company is Expected to Have Significant Combined EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The Combined Company is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of EBITDA3 and approximately $2.0 billion of free cash flow4 in 2026. o Greater Exposure to Long Life, Low Risk North American Assets and Increased Reserve and Resource Profile. The Combined Company provides Shareholders with exposure to a portfolio of long-life operations with mine life and resources expected to extend well beyond the current mine life of New Gold's existing two mines. This enhances resilience, reduces exposure to any single asset, and supports sustainable free cash flow going forward. o Strengthened Financial Position. The Combined Company is expected to have a strong free cash flow profile and a net cash position at closing with a rapidly growing cash balance, creating a clear path toward a potential investment-grade credit rating and to higher levels of shareholder returns. o Robust, Fully-Funded Growth Pipeline. The Combined Company's strong financial position is expected to accelerate investment in multiple potential high-return organic growth opportunities including New Afton's K-Zone, brownfield exploration at Rainy River, and exploration and mine life extension opportunities across all of Coeur's existing high-quality portfolio in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. The Board believes the Combined Company's robust financial strength and flexibility, along with its extensive underground mining expertise, will allow it to unlock additional potential at New Afton and Rainy River. o Enhanced Sector and Capital Market Profile and Liquidity. The Combined Company is expected to rank among the top 10 largest precious metals companies and top five global silver producers with silver representing approximately 30% of the Combined Company's total mineral reserves. This enhanced scale is expected to provide investors with significantly enhanced daily trading liquidity of over $380 million with the potential for inclusion in key major U.S. indexes. Shareholders will also receive enhanced trading liquidity and capital markets exposure with a NYSE listing combined with the new TSX listing of the Coeur Shares. 

3   "EBITDA" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures" for further information. 
4   "Free cash flow" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non- GAAP Measures" for further information. 


- 3?-

o Valuation Re-rating Potential. The strategic and financial benefits from the Arrangement (i.e., greater free cash flow, longer reserve life, lower risk and improved liquidity) are expected to position the Combined Company for a valuation re-rating. o Enhanced Leadership Team and Board of Directors. The Combined Company will be led by an experienced senior executive team, comprised of leadership from both Coeur and New Gold, with a wealth of industry knowledge and complementary expertise in developing and operating open pit and underground mines. This team is expected to create a stronger and more resilient organization. Additionally, current New Gold President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Patrick Godin, and one other current New Gold director will join the Coeur Board upon completion of the Arrangement. o Reduced Risk Through Asset Diversification. Compared to New Gold's current dependency on two operating mines, the Combined Company will have a broader, more balanced portfolio, and enhanced technical capabilities to improve resilience and strategic flexibility and reduce overall operating risk. · Shareholders Continue to Participate in the Operations and Growth of the Combined Company. Immediately following completion of the Arrangement, Shareholders will own approximately 38% of the Combined Company, retaining meaningful exposure to future upside at New Afton and Rainy River, the well-balanced portfolio of mines in North America of the Combined Company and the benefits described above. · Transaction Yields Implied 16% Premium to the Unaffected Share Price. The Exchange Ratio implied a consideration of approximately $8.51 per New Gold Share based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares on the NYSE on October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement, representing a 16% premium to the closing price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American on the same date. While the share prices have continued to fluctuate since announcement, the ownership split, which the Board believes is fair and appropriate in light of the contribution from the two entities, is fixed. · Support of Directors and Officers. After consultation with its financial and legal advisors, and after review of other potential strategic opportunities reasonably available to New Gold, including the continued execution of its stand-alone business plan, in each case taking into account the potential benefits, risks and uncertainties associated with those other opportunities, the Special Committee and the Board believe that the Arrangement represents New Gold's best alternative for maximizing shareholder value. In addition, all of New Gold's directors and officers have entered into the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to support the Arrangement and to vote all of their New Gold Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution. · Receipt of Fairness Opinions from Each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial. The Special Committee and the Board have received fairness opinions from each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial, each to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders. See "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions". · Comprehensive Arm's Length Negotiations. The terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement are the result of a comprehensive negotiation process, undertaken with the oversight and participation of New Gold's and the Special Committee's financial and legal advisors. · High Quality Jurisdictions with Established Permitting Track Records. The Arrangement brings together two companies with similar cultures to create a stronger, more resilient, and larger scale precious metals mining company with a portfolio that is predominantly in the U.S. and Canada, jurisdictions with established regulatory frameworks and permitting requirements, supporting lower geopolitical risk, capital efficiency and asset reliability.

- 4?-

· Other Factors. The Board also considered the Arrangement with reference to the financial condition and results of operations of New Gold, as well as its prospects, strategic alternatives and competitive position, including the risks involved in advancing its stand-alone business plan and pursuing those alternatives, New Gold's financial position, historical trading prices of the New Gold Shares and the Coeur Shares and the merits of pursuing a business combination transaction with a strategic party that would create a larger, more liquid company.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board" for more information.

Is the approval of Coeur Stockholders required to complete the Arrangement?

Yes. Pursuant to section 312.03(c) and section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, the Coeur Stock Issuance must be approved by at least a majority of the votes cast virtually in person or represented by proxy at the Coeur Meeting. As required by the certificate of incorporation of Coeur and the DGCL, the Coeur Charter Amendment must be approved by at least a majority of the votes cast in person or represented by proxy at the Coeur Meeting. If either the Coeur Stock Issuance or the Coeur Charter Amendment is not approved by the Coeur Stockholders, the Arrangement cannot be completed.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Coeur Stockholder Approvals" for more information.

In addition to the approval of the Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders, are there any other approvals required for the Arrangement?

Yes. The Arrangement requires the approval of the Court, the approval of the TSX and the NYSE as to the listing of the Consideration Shares, and the receipt of the Regulatory Approvals.

See below under the headings "The Arrangement - Stock Exchange Matters", "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement" and "The Arrangement Agreement - Conditions to Closing" for more information.

Have the directors and officers of New Gold or Coeur agreed to vote in favour of the Arrangement, the Coeur Stock Issuance or the Coeur Charter Amendment?

Yes. All of the directors and officers of New Gold, collectively holding approximately 0.1% of the total New Gold Shares, as at the Record Date, have entered into the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements with Coeur pursuant to which each such individual has agreed to, among other things, support the Arrangement and vote all New Gold Shares beneficially owned by them in favour of the Arrangement Resolution, subject to the terms and conditions of such agreements.

New Gold has entered into Coeur Support and Voting Agreements with the directors and officers of Coeur, pursuant to which the Coeur Supporting Shareholders have agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of the Coeur Support and Voting Agreements, to vote their Coeur Shares in favour of the Coeur Stock Issuance and the Coeur Charter Amendment. As at the Coeur Record Date, the Coeur Supporting Shareholders collectively beneficially owned or exercised control or direction over 9,327,427 Coeur Shares, representing approximately 1.5% of the issued and outstanding Coeur Shares.

- 5?-

See below under the headings "The Meeting" and "Support and Voting Agreements" for more information.

Have the Special Committee and the Board received a fairness opinion regarding the Consideration to be received by Shareholders?

Yes. The Special Committee and the Board have received fairness opinions from each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial, each to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders. The CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion and the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion are attached as Appendix E and Appendix F to this Circular, respectively.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions" for more information.

When will the Arrangement become effective?

If the Arrangement Resolution is approved at the Meeting and the Coeur Stockholder Approvals are obtained at the Coeur Meeting, New Gold will: (a) diligently pursue and take all steps necessary to submit the Arrangement before the Court as promptly as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within four Business Days after the New Gold Shareholder Approval is obtained; and (b) diligently pursue an application for the Final Order pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA. Once the Final Order is obtained in form and substance satisfactory to Coeur and New Gold, and all other conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement are satisfied or waived, the Arrangement will become effective on the Effective Date, which is currently expected to occur in the first half of 2026, and in no event will completion of the Arrangement occur later than the Outside Date, unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Timing" for more information.

What will happen to New Gold if the Arrangement is completed?

On the Effective Date, Coeur, through the Purchaser, will own all of the New Gold Shares and New Gold will be an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. Following completion of the Arrangement, existing Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders are expected to own approximately 38% and 62% of the Combined Company, respectively, in each case based on the number of New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares issued and outstanding on October 31, 2025. Additionally, as soon as practicable following completion of the Arrangement, Coeur intends to apply to the applicable Canadian Securities Authorities and the NYSE American, as applicable, to have New Gold cease to be a reporting issuer and to have the New Gold Shares delisted from the TSX and NYSE American.

See below under the headings "Information Concerning the Combined Company" and "The Arrangement - Stock Exchange Matters" for more information.

What are the Canadian federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement to Shareholders?

For a summary of certain of the material Canadian federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement, see below under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations". Such summary is not intended to be legal or tax advice. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the Arrangement to them with respect to their particular circumstances.

What are the United States federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement to Shareholders?

For a summary of certain of the material United States federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement, see below under the heading "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations". Such summary is not intended to be legal or tax advice. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the Arrangement to them with respect to their particular circumstances.

- 6?-

Are Shareholders entitled to Dissent Rights?

Yes. Each registered Shareholder as of the Record Date may exercise Dissent Rights to be paid fair value for their Dissent Shares under the BCBCA, as modified or supplemented by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement or any other order of the Court. A Dissenting Shareholder who intends to exercise Dissent Rights should carefully consider and comply with the provisions of sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement and any other order of the Court.

See below under the heading "Dissent Rights of Shareholders" for more information.

Who will be the directors of Coeur following completion of the Arrangement?

Following completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that the Combined Company's board of directors will consist of 11 directors, comprised of: Mitchell J. Krebs, J. Kenneth Thompson, Linda L. Adamany, Paramita Das, Pierre Beaudoin, N. Eric Fier, Jeane L. Hull, Eduardo Luna and Robert E. Mellor from Coeur, and Patrick Godin and one additional member of the Board who is a current New Gold director. To ensure continuity at the board level, the New Gold Director Nominees will be appointed to the Coeur Board with effect immediately following the Effective Time.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Directors" and Appendix I to this Circular for more information.

Are the Coeur Shares listed on any stock exchange?

Yes. The Coeur Shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol "CDE" and it is a condition of the Arrangement that the Consideration Shares to be issued in connection with the Arrangement are approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and the TSX (subject only to customary conditions).

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Stock Exchange Matters" for more information.

What will happen if the Arrangement Resolution is not approved or the Arrangement is not completed for any reason?

If the Arrangement Resolution is not approved or if the Arrangement is not completed for any other reason, Shareholders will not be entitled to receive any consideration in connection with the Arrangement, Shareholders will continue to hold their New Gold Shares, New Gold will remain a reporting issuer in Canada and the New Gold Shares will continue to be listed on the TSX and the NYSE American. If the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, New Gold may be required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment to Coeur. In addition, if the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances where the Arrangement Resolution has not been approved, New Gold will reimburse Coeur for certain reasonable and documented expenses in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of the Expense Reimbursement Amount.

In certain other circumstances when the Arrangement Agreement is terminated, Coeur may be required to pay the Coeur Termination Payment to New Gold. In addition, if the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances where the Coeur Stockholders Approvals have not been obtained, Coeur will reimburse New Gold for certain reasonable and documented expenses in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of the Expense Reimbursement Amount.

- 7?-

See below under the headings "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement" and "Risk Factors" for more information.

Are there any risks I should consider in connection with the Arrangement?

Yes. There are a number of risk factors relating to the Arrangement, New Gold's business and operations and the Combined Company's business and operations, all of which should be carefully considered.

See below under the heading "Risk Factors" for more information.

When can I expect to receive the Consideration?

Provided that a registered Shareholder has returned a properly completed and executed Letter of Transmittal and has presented and surrendered the share certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing such registered Shareholder's New Gold Shares to the Depositary, together with such other documents and instruments as Coeur or the Depositary may reasonably require as set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, the Depositary will cause the Coeur Shares to be issued to such Shareholder as Consideration under the Arrangement, less any applicable Tax withholdings pursuant to the Arrangement, following the Effective Time.

Only registered Shareholders are required to submit a Letter of Transmittal. The exchange of New Gold Shares for the Consideration Shares in respect of any non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder is expected to be made with the intermediary (i.e., the broker, investment dealer, bank, trust company, custodian, nominee or other intermediary) of the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder's intermediary account through the procedures in place for such purposes between CDS or DTC and such intermediary, as applicable, with no further action required by the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder. Any non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder whose New Gold Shares are registered in the name of an intermediary should contact that intermediary if they have any questions regarding this process and to arrange for such intermediary to complete the necessary steps to ensure that they receive the Consideration in respect of their New Gold Shares.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Procedure for Exchange of New Gold Shares and Letter of Transmittal" for more information.

If I am a registered Shareholder, what happens if I send in the share certificate(s) representing my New Gold Shares and the Arrangement Resolution is not approved or the Arrangement is not completed?

If the Arrangement is not completed, the Letter of Transmittal and the tax instruction letter will be of no effect and the Depositary will return all deposited share certificate(s) to the registered Shareholder as soon as possible.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Procedure for Exchange of New Gold Shares and Letter of Transmittal" for more information.

How will New Gold solicit proxies?

Your proxy is being solicited on behalf of New Gold's management in connection with the Meeting to be held on January 27, 2026. Management will solicit proxies primarily by mail, but proxies may also be solicited personally by telephone by employees of New Gold. In addition, New Gold has engaged Kingsdale Advisors as its strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent to provide a broad array of strategic advisory, governance, strategic communications and digital and investor campaign services.

- 8?-

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials" for more information.

When and where is the Meeting being held?

The Meeting will be held at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 27, 2026, subject to any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Special Meeting. Shareholders may attend the Meeting in person at the offices of Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP at 155 Wellington Street West, Suite 4000, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7, or virtually via live webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, password "newgold2026" (case sensitive).

See below under the heading "The Meeting" for more information.

What are the admission requirements to attend the Meeting in person?

Only Shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2025 and other permitted attendees may attend the Meeting. In order to attend the Meeting in person, you or your proxyholder is required to see a representative of Computershare before entering to register your attendance. You must present proof of your ownership of New Gold Shares as of the Record Date and a valid government-issued photo identification at the entrance of the Meeting. Non-registered (beneficial) owners of New Gold Shares held in "street name" in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting their share ownership as of the Record Date.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Meeting Procedures" for more information.

How do I vote my New Gold Shares?

The manner in which you vote your New Gold Shares depends on whether you are a registered Shareholder or a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder. You are a registered Shareholder if you have a share certificate issued in your name or appear as the registered Shareholder on the books of New Gold. You are a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder if your New Gold Shares are registered in the name of an intermediary (for example, a bank, trust company, investment dealer, clearing agency or other institution). If you are not sure whether you are a registered or non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder, please contact Computershare by email at service@computershare.com. Alternatively, please call Computershare toll-free at 1-800-564-6253 (toll free within North America) or 1-514-982-7555 (outside of North America). If you have any questions, you may also contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

How can I vote if I am a registered Shareholder?

Option 1 - By Proxy (Form of Proxy)

By Internet: Go to Computershare's website at www.investorvote.com and follow the instructions on the screen. You will need your 15-digit control number, which can be found on your form of proxy. See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information. By Telephone: Call Computershare at 1-866-732-8683 (toll-free in North America) or 1-312-588-4290 (outside of North America) from a touch-tone phone and follow the instructions. You will need your 15-digit control number, which can be found on your form of proxy. Please note that you cannot appoint anyone other than the directors and officers named on your form of proxy as your proxyholder if you vote by telephone.

- 9?-

           See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information. 
           
By Fax:    Complete, sign and date your form of proxy, and send all pages (in one transmission) by fax to Computershare at 1-866-249-7775. 
           
           See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information. 
           
By Mail:   Complete, sign and date your form of proxy and return it to Computershare, Attention: Proxy Department, 320 Bay Street 14th Floor, Toronto ON M5H 4A6 in the postage prepaid envelope provided. 
           
           See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information. 


Appointing another person to attend the Meeting and vote your New Gold Shares for you:

New Gold's named proxyholders are Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer or, failing him, Sean Keating, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. A Shareholder that wishes to appoint another person or entity (who need not be a Shareholder) to represent such Shareholder at the Meeting has the right to do so, either by striking out the names of those persons named in the accompanying form of proxy and inserting the desired person's name in the blank space provided in the form of proxy or by completing another form of proxy. Please ensure that the person you appoint is aware that he or she has been appointed to attend the Meeting on your behalf. If your proxyholder wishes to attend the Meeting in person, your appointee should see a representative of Computershare at the registration desk.

If your proxyholder is unable to attend the Meeting in person and wishes to attend virtually, you must register your proxyholder with Computershare at https://www.computershare.com/newgold by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026 in order to obtain a control number. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step once you have submitted your form of proxy.

This control number will allow your proxyholder to log in to the live webcast and vote at the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Without a control number, your proxyholder will not be able to vote at the Meeting. Computershare will provide your duly appointed proxyholder with a control number provided that your proxy has been received by Computershare prior to the deadline. Please note that you cannot appoint anyone other than Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer or, failing him, Sean Keating, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, as your proxyholder if you vote by telephone.

For more information, please see below under the headings "How can I log in to the Meeting if I wish to attend virtually?" and "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?".

Option 2 - In Person at the Meeting

You do not need to complete or return your form of proxy if you intend to vote in person at the Meeting.

- 10?-

Option 3 - In Person via Internet Webcast

Registered Shareholders have the ability to participate, ask questions and vote at the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Eligible registered Shareholders may log in at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, click on "I have a control number", enter the 15-digit control number found on the proxy, and the password "newgold2026" (case sensitive), then click on the "Login" button. During the Meeting, you must ensure you are connected to the Internet at all times in order to vote when polling is commenced on the resolutions put before the Meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure Internet connectivity. You will also need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Please do not use Internet Explorer. As internal network security protocols (such as firewalls and VPN connections) may block access to the LUMI meeting platform, please ensure that you use a network that is not restricted to the security settings of your organization or that you have disabled your VPN setting. It is recommended that you log in at least one hour before the Meeting. Once voting has opened, the voting tab will appear on the home page. The Arrangement Resolution and voting choices will be displayed in that tab. Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders must follow the procedures outlined below to participate in the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who fail to comply with the procedures outlined below may nonetheless view a live webcast of the Meeting by going to the same URL as above and clicking on "I am a guest" or on New Gold's website at www.VoteNewGold.com.

How can I vote if I am a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder?

Option 1 - By Proxy (Voting Instruction Form)

You will receive a voting instruction form that allows you to vote on the Internet, by telephone, by fax or by mail. To vote, you should follow the instructions provided on your voting instruction form. Your intermediary is required to ask for your voting instructions before the Meeting. Please contact your intermediary if you did not receive a voting instruction form. Each intermediary has its own procedures (which may vary from the below) which should be carefully followed by non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders to ensure that their New Gold Shares are voted by their intermediary on their behalf at the Meeting.

By Internet:    Visit www.proxyvote.com with your 16-digit control number. 
                
By Telephone:   Call 1-800-474-7493 for English or 1-800-474-7501 for French (in Canada) or 1-800-454-8683 (in the United States) with your 16-digit control number. 
                
By Mail:        Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form and return it by mail in the postage prepaid envelope included in your package in accordance with the instructions thereon. 


Alternatively, you may receive from your intermediary a pre-authorized form of proxy indicating the number of New Gold Shares to be voted, which you should complete, sign, date and return as directed on the form.

Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who do not object to their name being made known to New Gold may be contacted by Kingsdale Advisors to assist in conveniently voting their New Gold Shares directly by telephone. New Gold may also utilize the Broadridge QuickVote™ service to assist such Shareholders with voting their New Gold Shares. For more information on proxy solicitation, please see "The Meeting - Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials" below.

Option 2 - In Person at the Meeting

We do not have access to the names or holdings of our non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders. That means you can only vote your New Gold Shares in person at the Meeting if you have previously appointed yourself as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares, by printing your name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form.

You may also appoint someone else as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares by printing their name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form. Your vote, or the vote of your proxyholder, will be taken and counted at the Meeting. You or your proxyholder must see a representative of Computershare before entering the Meeting to register your attendance. Please ensure that the person you appoint is aware that he or she has been appointed to attend the Meeting on your behalf.

- 11?-

Your voting instructions must be received by your intermediary in sufficient time to allow your voting instruction form to be forwarded by your intermediary to Computershare before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026.

Option 3 - In Person via Internet Webcast

We do not have access to the names or holdings of our non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders. That means you can only vote your New Gold Shares virtually at the Meeting if you have: (a) previously appointed yourself as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares, by printing your name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form; and (b) by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026, registered with Computershare at https://www.computershare.com/newgold in order to obtain a control number for the Meeting.

This control number will allow you to log in to the live webcast and vote at the Meeting. Without a control number, you will not be able to ask questions or vote at the Meeting. During the Meeting, you must ensure you are connected to the Internet at all times in order to vote when polling is commenced on the resolutions put before the Meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure Internet connectivity. You will also need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Please do not use Internet Explorer. As internal network security protocols (such as firewalls and VPN connections) may block access to the LUMI meeting platform, please ensure that you use a network that is not restricted to the security settings of your organization or that you have disabled your VPN setting. It is recommended that you log in at least one hour before the Meeting. Once voting has opened, the voting tab will appear on the home page. The Arrangement Resolution and voting choices will be displayed in that tab.

You may also appoint someone else as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares by printing their name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form. If your proxyholder intends to participate in the Meeting virtually, you must register your proxyholder at https://www.computershare.com/newgold by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026 in order to obtain a control number for the Meeting.

Registering your proxyholder is an additional step once you have submitted your voting instruction form. Failure to register a duly appointed proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number to participate in the Meeting virtually.

Your voting instructions must be received in sufficient time to allow your voting instruction form to be forwarded by your intermediary to Computershare before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026. If you plan to participate in the Meeting virtually (or to have your proxyholder attend the Meeting virtually), you or your proxyholder will not be entitled to vote or ask questions online unless the proper documentation is completed and received by your intermediary well in advance of the Meeting to allow them to forward the necessary information to Computershare before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026. You should contact your intermediary well in advance of the Meeting and follow their instructions if you want to participate in the Meeting virtually.

Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who do not object to their name being made known to New Gold may be contacted by Kingsdale Advisors to assist in conveniently voting their New Gold Shares directly by telephone. New Gold may also utilize the Broadridge QuickVote™ service to assist such Shareholders with voting their New Gold Shares. For more information on proxy solicitation, see below under the heading "The Meeting - Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials".

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

Is there a deadline for my proxy or voting instruction form to be received?

Yes. Whether you vote by mail, fax, telephone or Internet, your proxy must be received by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026. If the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, your proxy must be received by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on the day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory or civic holiday, which is at least 48 hours prior to the Meeting if it is adjourned or postponed.

- 12?-

As noted above, if you are a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder, all required voting instructions must be submitted to your intermediary sufficiently in advance of this deadline to allow your intermediary time to forward this information to Computershare. The time limit for deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the Chair of the Meeting, at the Chair's discretion, with or without notice. The Chair of the Meeting is under no obligation to accept or reject any particular late proxy.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

What does it mean if I receive more than one set of Meeting Materials?

If you received more than one set of Meeting Materials in the mail, it means that your New Gold Shares are registered under more than one name or held in more than one account. For example, you may hold some New Gold Shares as a registered Shareholder and others as a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder through one or more intermediaries. In such cases, you will receive more than one set of Meeting materials, including multiple forms of proxy and/or voting instruction forms. You must complete and follow the instructions on each form of proxy and/or voting instruction form that you received in order to vote all of your New Gold Shares, as you will need to vote your New Gold Shares in each account separately.

If my New Gold Shares are held by my broker, investment dealer or other intermediary, will they vote my New Gold Shares for me?

A broker, investment dealer or other intermediary will vote your New Gold Shares, only if you provide instructions to such broker, investment dealer or other intermediary on how to vote. If you fail to give proper instructions, those New Gold Shares will not be voted on your behalf.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

How can I log in to the Meeting if I wish to attend virtually?

Only Shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2025 and other permitted attendees may virtually attend the Meeting. Attending the Meeting virtually allows registered Shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who have duly appointed themselves or a third-party proxyholder in accordance with the procedures set out above, to participate, ask questions and vote at the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Guests, including non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves or a third party as proxyholder, can log in to the virtual Meeting as a guest. Guests may listen to the Meeting, but will not be entitled to vote or ask questions.

· Registered Shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may log in online at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, click on "I have a control number", enter the 15-digit control number found on the proxy or provided to a duly appointed proxyholder, as applicable, and the password "newgold2026" (case sensitive), then click on the "Login" button. We recommend you log in at least one hour before the Meeting begins. For registered Shareholders, the control number is located on your form of proxy. For duly appointed proxyholders (including non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who have appointed themselves), your control number will be provided by Computershare, provided that you or your proxyholder has been duly appointed in accordance with the procedures outlined in this Circular. · Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders may view a live webcast of the Meeting by going to the same URL as above and clicking on "I am a guest" or on our website at www.VoteNewGold.com, but will not be able to ask questions or vote at the Meeting.

During the Meeting, you must ensure you are connected to the Internet at all times in order to vote when polling is commenced on the resolutions put before the Meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure Internet connectivity. You will also need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Please do not use Internet Explorer. As internal network security protocols (such as firewalls and VPN connections) may block access to the LUMI meeting platform, please ensure that you use a network that is not restricted to the security settings of your organization or that you have disabled your VPN setting. As noted above, it is recommended that you log in at least one hour before the Meeting.

- 13?-

If Shareholders (or their duly appointed proxyholders) encounter any difficulties accessing the Meeting during the check-in, they may attend the Meeting by clicking "Guest" and completing the online form. Technical support can also be accessed at support-ca@lumiglobal.com.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

Will virtual participation in the Meeting impact my ability to ask questions?

At the virtual Meeting, registered Shareholders, non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders and their duly appointed proxyholders will be able to ask questions in "real time" through the online Meeting portal by sending a written message to the Chair of the Meeting through the LUMI meeting platform. To ensure you have the ability to ask questions during the Meeting, it is important that you follow the instructions set out above. New Gold values Shareholder feedback and expects that Shareholders participating in the Meeting virtually will have substantially the same opportunity to ask questions of the Board and management as they would if participating in the Meeting in person.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?

By completing and returning a proxy, you are authorizing the person named in the proxy to attend the Meeting and vote your New Gold Shares in accordance with your instructions. IN THE ABSENCE OF ANY SUCH INSTRUCTION, NEW GOLD SHARES REPRESENTED BY PROXIES RECEIVED BY MANAGEMENT WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ARRANGEMENT RESOLUTION.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

What happens if there are amendments, variations or other matters brought before the Meeting?

Your proxy authorizes your proxyholder to act and vote for you on any amendment or variation of any of the business of the Meeting and on any other matter that properly comes before the Meeting, or any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. As of December 19, 2025, no director or officer of New Gold is aware of any variation, amendment or other matter to be presented for a vote at the Meeting.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

What if I change my mind after I have submitted my proxy?

You can revoke a vote you made by proxy by:

· voting again on the Internet or by telephone before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026; · completing a form of proxy or voting instruction form that is dated later than the form of proxy or voting instruction form that you are changing, and mailing or faxing it as instructed on your form of proxy or voting instruction form, as the case may be, so that it is received before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026; or · any other means permitted by Law.

If you are a registered Shareholder, you can also revoke a vote you made by sending a notice in writing from you or your authorized attorney to our Corporate Secretary at 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2T3, Attention: Corporate Secretary, by fax (416-203-0341) or by email (info@newgold.com) and Computershare at 320 Bay Street 14th Floor, Toronto ON M5H 4A6, Attention: Proxy Department, by fax (1-866-249-7775) or by email (service@computershare.com) so that it is received before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026, or by giving notice in writing from you or your authorized attorney to the Chair of the Meeting, at the Meeting or at any adjournment thereof.

- 14?-

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Procedures" for more information.

Who is entitled to vote at the Meeting?

Only Shareholders of record on December 17, 2025 are entitled to vote or to have their New Gold Shares voted at the Meeting. Each New Gold Share confers the right to one vote (virtually or in-person) or by proxy at all meetings of the Shareholders. As of December 17, 2025, there were 791,726,904 New Gold Shares issued and outstanding.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Voting Securities and Principal Holders of Voting Securities" for more information.

What constitutes quorum for the Meeting?

Under New Gold's constating documents and the Interim Order, the quorum for the Meeting is two persons present in person or represented by proxy and who are, or who represent by proxy, Shareholders who, in the aggregate, hold at least 5% of the issued New Gold Shares entitled to be voted at the Meeting. Pursuant to the Interim Order, Shareholders who participate in and/or vote at the Meeting virtually are deemed to be present at the Meeting for all purposes, including quorum.

What approvals are required by Shareholders at the Meeting?

In order to become effective, the Arrangement Resolution will require the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Patrick Godin, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of New Gold, as required by MI 61-101 and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101 - Minority Approval Requirements" in this Circular.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - New Gold Shareholder Approval" for more information.

Why is my vote important?

In order to complete the Arrangement, in addition to the satisfaction of other conditions to the Arrangement, the requisite number of affirmative votes of Shareholders must approve the Arrangement Resolution.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - New Gold Shareholder Approval" for more information.

What do I need to do now?

Please carefully read and consider the information contained herein to consider how the Arrangement will affect you. After reviewing this Circular, you should then vote as soon as possible by following the instructions provided herein and in the accompanying form of proxy or voting instruction form to ensure that your vote is properly counted at the Meeting.

Whom should I contact if I have any questions?

If you have any questions or require assistance with voting your New Gold shares, please contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

- 15?-

SUMMARY

The following is a summary of certain information contained in this Circular. This summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Circular, including the appendices hereto, the form of proxy and the Letter of Transmittal, all of which are important and should be reviewed carefully. Capitalized terms used in this summary without definition have the meanings given to them in the "Glossary of Terms" in this Circular.

The Meeting

The Meeting will be held at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 27, 2026, subject to any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Special Meeting. Shareholders may attend the Meeting in person at the offices of Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP at 155 Wellington Street West, Suite 4000, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7, or virtually via live webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, password "newgold2026" (case sensitive).

See below under the heading "The Meeting".

Record Date

The Board has fixed the close of business on December 17, 2025 as the Record Date for the determination of the registered Shareholders that will be entitled to: (a) receive notice of the Meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof); (b) vote at the Meeting; and (c) exercise Dissent Rights. The Interim Order provides that the Record Date will not change in respect of any adjournment or postponement of the Meeting.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Record Date".

Business of the Meeting

At the Meeting, Shareholders will be asked to consider and, if deemed advisable, pass the Arrangement Resolution under Division 5 of Part 9 of the BCBCA pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement. The full text of the Arrangement Resolution is set out in Appendix A to this Circular.

In order to become effective, the Arrangement Resolution will require the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Patrick Godin, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of New Gold, as required by MI 61-101 and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101 - Minority Approval Requirements" in this Circular.

See below under the heading "The Meeting - Business of the Meeting".

The Arrangement

The Arrangement Agreement provides that, following the Effective Time and pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares in exchange for the Consideration, with New Gold continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur.

The Arrangement will result in:

· the issuance of 0.4959 of a Coeur Share to each Shareholder (excluding Dissenting Shareholders) for each New Gold Share held immediately prior to the Effective Time; and · cash payments in settlement of certain Incentive Awards, including (a) New Gold Options, (b) New Gold DSUs, (c) New Gold PSUs, and (d) New Gold RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees, and an amendment to the New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees.

- 16?-

The Arrangement will be implemented by way of a plan of arrangement under the BCBCA and requires approval by: (a) the Court; and (b) at least (i) 662?3% of the votes cast by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (ii) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Patrick Godin, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of New Gold, as required by MI 61-101.

If the Final Order is granted, and all other conditions to completion of the Arrangement as set out in the Arrangement Agreement and as described under "The Arrangement - Conditions to Closing" are satisfied or waived (to the extent that such conditions are capable of being satisfied prior to the Effective Date and, if waived, are not prohibited from being waived), the Arrangement will become effective at the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Plan of Arrangement.

Following completion of the Arrangement, existing Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders are expected to own approximately 38% and 62% of the Combined Company, respectively, in each case based on the number of New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares issued and outstanding on October 31, 2025.

See below under the headings "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement" and "The Arrangement Agreement - The Arrangement".

Recommendation of the Special Committee

After careful consideration of the terms of the Arrangement and alternatives thereto, including the prospect of proceeding independently to pursue the Company's current business plan, consideration of briefings from senior management, consultations with its legal and financial advisors, receipt of the Fairness Opinions and such other matters as it considered necessary, the Special Committee unanimously:

· determined that the Arrangement is in the best interests of New Gold and is fair to the Shareholders; and · recommended that the Board approve the Arrangement and recommend that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Special Committee".

Recommendation of the Board

The Board, having undertaken a thorough review of, and having carefully considered the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement, and after consulting with its financial and legal advisors, including having received and taken into account the Fairness Opinions, the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee and such other matters as it considered necessary and relevant, including the factors set out in this Circular under the heading "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board", unanimously:

· determined that the Arrangement and the entry into the Arrangement Agreement are in the best interests of New Gold; · determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Shareholders; · approved the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and · recommends that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Board".

- 17?-

Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board

In the course of their evaluation of the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board considered a number of factors, including those listed below, with the benefit of input from New Gold's senior management, and the financial advisors and legal counsel to the Company and the Special Committee.

The following is a summary of the principal reasons for the unanimous recommendation of the Board that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution:

· Creation of a Premier Precious Metals Producer. The Board believes that the Arrangement will create a premier precious metals producer, which is expected to provide a number of benefits to Shareholders through their ownership of the Combined Company: o Creates a Leading, All North American-Based Precious Metals Producer. The Arrangement creates a 100% North American senior mining company with an implied pro forma combined equity market capitalization of approximately $20 billion as of the signing of the Arrangement Agreement, seven high-quality operations with estimated production of approximately 1.25 million gold equivalent ounces in 2026, including 20 million ounces of silver, 900,000 ounces of gold and 100 million pounds of copper, over 80% of its revenue generated from the U.S. and Canada, and sector-leading free cash flow. o The Combined Company is Expected to Have Significant Combined EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The Combined Company is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of EBITDA5 and approximately $2.0 billion of free cash flow6 in 2026. o Greater Exposure to Long Life, Low Risk North American Assets and Increased Reserve and Resource Profile. The Combined Company provides Shareholders with exposure to a portfolio of long-life operations with mine life and resources expected to extend well beyond the current mine life of New Gold's existing two mines. This enhances resilience, reduces exposure to any single asset, and supports sustainable free cash flow going forward. o Strengthened Financial Position. The Combined Company is expected to have a strong free cash flow profile and a net cash position at closing with a rapidly growing cash balance, creating a clear path toward a potential investment-grade credit rating and to higher levels of shareholder returns. o Robust, Fully-Funded Growth Pipeline. The Combined Company's strong financial position is expected to accelerate investment in multiple potential high-return organic growth opportunities including New Afton's K-Zone, brownfield exploration at Rainy River, and exploration and mine life extension opportunities across all of Coeur's existing high-quality portfolio in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. The Board believes the Combined Company's robust financial strength and flexibility, along with its extensive underground mining expertise, will allow it to unlock additional potential at New Afton and Rainy River. o Enhanced Sector and Capital Market Profile and Liquidity. The Combined Company is expected to rank among the top 10 largest precious metals companies and top five global silver producers with silver representing approximately 30% of the Combined Company's total mineral reserves. This enhanced scale is expected to provide investors with significantly enhanced daily trading liquidity of over $380 million with the potential for inclusion in key major U.S. indexes. Shareholders will also receive enhanced trading liquidity and capital markets exposure with a NYSE listing combined with the new TSX listing of the Coeur Shares. 

5   "EBITDA" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures" for further information. 
6   "Free cash flow" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non- GAAP Measures" for further information. 


- 18?-

o Valuation Re-rating Potential. The strategic and financial benefits from the Arrangement (i.e., greater free cash flow, longer reserve life, lower risk and improved liquidity) are expected to position the Combined Company for a valuation re-rating. o Enhanced Leadership Team and Board of Directors. The Combined Company will be led by an experienced senior executive team, comprised of leadership from both Coeur and New Gold, with a wealth of industry knowledge and complementary expertise in developing and operating open pit and underground mines. This team is expected to create a stronger and more resilient organization. Additionally, current New Gold President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Patrick Godin, and one other current New Gold director will join the Coeur Board upon completion of the Arrangement. o Reduced Risk Through Asset Diversification. Compared to New Gold's current dependency on two operating mines, the Combined Company will have a broader, more balanced portfolio, and enhanced technical capabilities to improve resilience and strategic flexibility and reduce overall operating risk. · Shareholders Continue to Participate in the Operations and Growth of the Combined Company. Immediately following completion of the Arrangement, Shareholders will own approximately 38% of the Combined Company, retaining meaningful exposure to future upside at New Afton and Rainy River, the well-balanced portfolio of mines in North America of the Combined Company and the benefits described above. · Transaction Yields Implied 16% Premium to the Unaffected Share Price. The Exchange Ratio implied a consideration of approximately $8.51 per New Gold Share based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares on the NYSE on October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement, representing a 16% premium to the closing price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American on the same date. While the share prices have continued to fluctuate since announcement, the ownership split, which the Board believes is fair and appropriate in light of the contribution from the two entities, is fixed. · Support of Directors and Officers. After consultation with its financial and legal advisors, and after review of other potential strategic opportunities reasonably available to New Gold, including the continued execution of its stand-alone business plan, in each case taking into account the potential benefits, risks and uncertainties associated with those other opportunities, the Special Committee and the Board believe that the Arrangement represents New Gold's best alternative for maximizing shareholder value. In addition, all of New Gold's directors and officers have entered into the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to support the Arrangement and to vote all of their New Gold Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution. · Receipt of Fairness Opinions from Each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial. The Special Committee and the Board have received fairness opinions from each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial, each to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders. See "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions". · Comprehensive Arm's Length Negotiations. The terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement are the result of a comprehensive negotiation process, undertaken with the oversight and participation of New Gold's and the Special Committee's financial and legal advisors. · High Quality Jurisdictions with Established Permitting Track Records. The Arrangement brings together two companies with similar cultures to create a stronger, more resilient, and larger scale precious metals mining company with a portfolio that is predominantly in the U.S. and Canada, jurisdictions with established regulatory frameworks and permitting requirements, supporting lower geopolitical risk, capital efficiency and asset reliability.

- 19?-

· Other Factors. The Board also considered the Arrangement with reference to the financial condition and results of operations of New Gold, as well as its prospects, strategic alternatives and competitive position, including the risks involved in advancing its stand-alone business plan and pursuing those alternatives, New Gold's financial position, historical trading prices of the New Gold Shares and the Coeur Shares and the merits of pursuing a business combination transaction with a strategic party that would create a larger, more liquid company.

In making their determinations and recommendations, the Special Committee and the Board also observed the procedural safeguards that protect the interests of New Gold, the Shareholders and New Gold's other stakeholders, including, among others:

· Role of Independent Directors. The Arrangement was reviewed and evaluated by the Special Committee, comprised of members of the Board who are independent of all relevant parties, including Coeur, New Gold and management of New Gold, and who retained independent legal counsel and an independent financial advisor. Following consultation with its legal and financial advisors and receipt of the Fairness Opinions, the Special Committee unanimously determined that the Arrangement is in the best interests of New Gold and is fair to the Shareholders and unanimously recommended that the Board approve the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement. · Ability to Respond to Superior Proposals. Notwithstanding the limitations contained in the Arrangement Agreement on New Gold's ability to solicit interest from third parties, the Arrangement Agreement provides that New Gold may, subject to customary conditions, engage in discussions and negotiations regarding any unsolicited Acquisition Proposal received prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a New Gold Superior Proposal. · Reasonable Termination Payment. The Board believes that the New Gold Termination Payment, which is payable in certain circumstances described under "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement", is reasonable for a transaction of the nature and size of the Arrangement and should not preclude a third party from potentially making a New Gold Superior Proposal. · Reasonable and Reciprocal Terms of the Arrangement Agreement. Key terms of the Arrangement Agreement, including non-solicitation covenants, termination triggers and expense reimbursement amounts and triggers, are reciprocal between New Gold and Coeur, while the termination fee amounts are based on the respective equity values of each, and all such terms are reasonable in the judgment of the Special Committee and the Board having regard to market practice for similar transactions. · Shareholder Approval. The Arrangement must be approved by the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast on the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes of Mr. Godin (as required by MI 61-101) and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101 - Minority Approval Requirements" in this Circular. · Court and Regulatory Approvals. The Arrangement must be approved by the Court, which will consider, among other things, the substantive and procedural fairness and the rights and interests of affected stakeholders. The Arrangement Agreement also contains a condition precedent that all Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained prior to closing. · Dissent Rights. Any registered Shareholders entitled to vote on the Arrangement may exercise Dissent Rights and is entitled to be paid fair value for its New Gold Shares as determined by a Court, subject to strict compliance with all requirements applicable to the exercise of Dissent Rights. See "Dissent Rights of Shareholders".

- 20?-

In making their determinations and recommendations with respect to the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board also considered a number of potential risks and potential negative factors, which the Special Committee and the Board concluded were outweighed by the positive substantive and procedural factors of the Arrangement described above, including the following and the risks described under the heading "Risk Factors":

· the risks to New Gold if the Arrangement is not completed, including the costs to New Gold in pursuing the Arrangement, the significant attention required of management to implement the Arrangement, restrictions on the conduct of New Gold's business prior to completion of the Arrangement, and the potential impact on New Gold's current business operations and relationships (including with current and prospective employees, customers, distributors, suppliers and partners); · conditions to Coeur's obligation to complete the Arrangement and the right of Coeur to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances; · the limitations in the Arrangement Agreement on New Gold's ability to solicit interest from third parties, as mitigated by the provisions in the Arrangement Agreement that provide that New Gold may, subject to customary conditions, engage in discussions or negotiations regarding any unsolicited Acquisition Proposal received prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a Superior Proposal; · the New Gold Termination Payment payable to Coeur, including if New Gold enters into an agreement in respect of a New Gold Superior Proposal to acquire New Gold, or that New Gold could be required to reimburse Coeur's expenses up to $33,965,000; and · the risk that the Coeur Shares to be issued as consideration are based on a fixed Exchange Ratio and will not be adjusted based on fluctuations in the market value of New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares.

The foregoing summary of the information and factors considered by the Special Committee and the Board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material information and factors considered by the Special Committee and the Board in their consideration of the Arrangement. In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information considered in connection with the Board's evaluation of the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board did not find it practicable to and did not quantify or otherwise attempt to assign any relative weight to each of the specific factors considered in reaching their conclusions and recommendations. In addition, individual members of the Special Committee and the Board may have assigned different weights to different factors in reaching their own conclusion as to the fairness of the Arrangement.

The Board's and Special Committee's reasons for recommending the Arrangement include certain assumptions relating to forward-looking information, and such information and assumptions are subject to various risks. This information should be read in light of the factors described under the heading "Risk Factors" below.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board".

Opinions of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial

The Special Committee and the Board have received fairness opinions from each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial, each to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders. The CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion and the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion are attached as Appendix E and Appendix F to this Circular, respectively. The Fairness Opinions do not constitute a recommendation to the Special Committee or the Board as to whether New Gold should proceed with the Arrangement or as to how any Shareholder should vote or act on any matter relating to the Arrangement. You are encouraged to read the Fairness Opinions in their entirety.

- 21?-

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions".

The Arrangement Agreement

The body of this Circular contains a summary of certain terms of the Arrangement Agreement. The summary is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Arrangement Agreement, which has been filed under New Gold's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement".

Procedure for the Arrangement to Become Effective

Summary of Key Procedural Steps for the Arrangement to Become Effective

The Arrangement is proposed to be carried out under Division 5 of Part 9 of the BCBCA. The following procedural steps must be taken in order for the Arrangement to become effective:

(a) the Arrangement Resolution must be approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the Meeting in the manner set out in the Interim Order; (b) the Court must grant the Final Order approving the Arrangement on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement, and such order shall not have been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to either New Gold or Coeur, each acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise; (c) the Coeur Stockholder Approvals must be obtained at the Coeur Meeting in the manner required by the NYSE (with respect to the Coeur Stock Issuance) and the DGCL (with respect to the Coeur Charter Amendment); (d) the Coeur Charter Amendment must have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and be in full force and effect; (e) the Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and TSX (subject only to customary conditions); (f) the Regulatory Approvals must be obtained and must not be modified or rescinded; and (g) all other customary conditions precedent to the Arrangement, as set forth in the Arrangement Agreement, must be satisfied or waived by the appropriate Party.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement" and "The Arrangement - The Plan of Arrangement".

Court Approval of the Arrangement

The Arrangement requires approval by the Court under section 291 of the BCBCA. Prior to mailing this Circular, New Gold obtained the Interim Order providing for the calling and holding of the Meeting, the Dissent Rights and other procedural matters. Copies of the Interim Order and the Petition and Notice of Hearing of Petition for the Final Order are attached as Appendix B and Appendix C, respectively, to this Circular.

The Court hearing in respect of the Final Order is expected to take place on January 30, 2026 at 9:45 a.m. (Pacific Time) at the Vancouver Law Courts, or as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard, subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, the approval of the Arrangement Resolution at the Meeting and the approval of the Coeur Stockholder Approvals at the Coeur Meeting.

- 22?-

The Court has broad discretion under the BCBCA when making orders with respect to the Arrangement. At the Final Order hearing, the Court will consider, among other things, the fairness and reasonableness of the Arrangement. The Court may approve the Arrangement in any manner the Court may direct, subject to compliance with such terms and conditions, if any, as the Court deems fit. There can be no assurance that the Court will approve the Arrangement on the terms as presented. At the Final Order hearing, the Court will be informed that New Gold and Coeur intend to rely on the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption for the issuance of Coeur Shares as consideration pursuant to the Arrangement on the basis of the Court's approval of the Arrangement.

Under the terms of the Interim Order, any holder of New Gold Shares and any other interested person will have the right to appear at the Final Order hearing and make submissions, subject to such party filing with the Court and serving upon New Gold, through New Gold's Corporate Secretary, and by service upon counsel to New Gold, Lawson Lundell LLP (Attention: Craig A.B. Ferris, K.C. and Jane Mayfield) and Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP (Attention: Chantelle Cseh and Rui Gao), in each case at the address set out herein, a Response to Petition in the form required by the rules of the Court, and any additional affidavits or other materials on which a party intends to rely in connection with any submissions at such hearing, including such party's address for service, as soon as reasonably practicable, and, in any event, by no later than 4:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) on January 27, 2026. The Response to Petition and supporting materials must be delivered, within the time specified, to New Gold at the address set out under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Court Approval of the Arrangement".

If the Final Order hearing is postponed, adjourned or rescheduled then, subject to further direction of the Court, only those persons having previously served and filed a Response to Petition in compliance with the Interim Order will be given notice of the new date.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Court Approval of the Arrangement".

Other Regulatory Approvals

For the Arrangement to become effective, CNA Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval must be obtained.

See below under the headings "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - CNA Approval", "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Competition Act Approval" and "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - ICA Approval".

Timing

If the Arrangement Resolution is approved at the Meeting and the Coeur Stockholder Approvals are obtained at the Coeur Meeting, New Gold will (a) diligently pursue and take all steps necessary to submit the Arrangement before the Court as promptly as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within four Business Days after the New Gold Shareholder Approval is obtained; and (b) diligently pursue an application for the Final Order pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA. Once the Final Order is obtained in form and substance satisfactory to Coeur and New Gold, and all other conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement are satisfied or waived, the Arrangement will become effective at 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the Effective Date. It is currently expected that the Effective Date will occur in the first half of 2026, and in no event will completion of the Arrangement occur later than the Outside Date, unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Timing".

Conditions Precedent

The completion of the Arrangement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent which may only be waived with the mutual consent of Coeur and New Gold, including:

(a) New Gold Shareholder Approval. The Arrangement Resolution shall have been approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order.

- 23?-

(b) Interim and Final Order. The Interim Order and the Final Order shall each have been obtained on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement, and shall not have been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to either New Gold or Coeur, each acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise. (c) Coeur Stockholder Approvals. The Coeur Stockholder Approvals shall have been obtained in accordance with the rules of the NYSE (with respect to the Coeur Stock Issuance) and the DGCL (with respect to the Coeur Charter Amendment) at the Coeur Meeting. (d) Coeur Charter Amendment. The Coeur Charter Amendment shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and be in full force and effect. (e) Illegality . No Law is in effect that makes the consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibits or enjoins New Gold or Coeur from consummating the Arrangement. (f) Exempt from Registration Requirements. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement shall be exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption. (g) Exempt from Prospectus Requirements. The distribution of the Consideration Shares shall be exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements of applicable Canadian Securities Laws, either by virtue of exemptive relief from the Canadian Securities Authorities, or by virtue of applicable exemptions under Canadian Securities Laws, and shall not be subject to resale restrictions under applicable Canadian Securities Laws. (h) Listing of Consideration Shares. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and the TSX (subject only to customary conditions). (i) Regulatory Approvals. The Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained and shall not have been modified or rescinded.

The implementation of the Arrangement is also subject to a number of other conditions customary for transactions of this type being satisfied or waived by New Gold or Coeur, as applicable, at or prior to the Effective Time.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Conditions to Closing".

Support and Voting Agreements

New Gold has entered into Coeur Support and Voting Agreements with the directors and officers of Coeur, pursuant to which the Coeur Supporting Shareholders have agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of the Coeur Support and Voting Agreements, to vote their Coeur Shares in favour of the Coeur Stock Issuance and the Coeur Charter Amendment. As at the Coeur Record Date, the Coeur Supporting Shareholders collectively beneficially owned or exercised control or direction over 9,327,427 Coeur Shares, representing approximately 1.5% of the issued and outstanding Coeur Shares.

Coeur has entered into New Gold Support and Voting Agreements with the directors and officers of New Gold, pursuant to which the New Gold Supporting Shareholders have agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements, to vote their New Gold Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution to approve the Arrangement. As at the Record Date, the New Gold Supporting Shareholders collectively beneficially owned or exercised control or direction over 738,780 New Gold Shares, representing approximately 0.1% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares.

See below under the heading "Support and Voting Agreements".

- 24?-

The Companies

New Gold

New Gold is a Canadian-focused intermediate gold mining company engaged in the exploration, development and operation of mineral properties. New Gold holds a 100% interest in each of the Rainy River Mine, a gold mine in Ontario, Canada, and the New Afton Mine, a copper and gold mine in British Columbia, Canada.

New Gold is a reporting issuer under the securities laws of each province and territory of Canada. The New Gold Shares are listed on the TSX and NYSE American, in each case, under the symbol "NGD". The registered office of New Gold is 925 West Georgia Street, Suite 1600, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6C 3L2 and its head office is at 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5J 2T3.

See Appendix G to this Circular for more information on New Gold.

Coeur

Founded in 1928, Coeur is a precious metals producer that operates certain gold and silver mines in the United States and Mexico, owns an exploration project in Canada, and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Coeur's strategy is to be a well-diversified and growing precious metals producer focused on generating sustainable, high-quality cash flow and returns from a balanced prospective asset base in mining-friendly jurisdictions. Coeur produces and sells precious metals from five wholly-owned operations: the Palmarejo gold-silver complex and the Las Chispas silver-gold mine in Mexico, the Rochester silver-gold mine in Nevada, the Kensington gold mine in Alaska and the Wharf gold mine in South Dakota. In addition, Coeur wholly owns the Silvertip polymetallic exploration project in British Columbia.

Coeur is a Delaware corporation whose registered office and principal executive offices are located at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Coeur's telephone number is (312) 489-5800 and Coeur's website address is www.coeur.com.

See Appendix H to this Circular for more information on Coeur.

The Combined Company

The Arrangement will result in a strategic business combination of Coeur and New Gold, pursuant to which the Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur, will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares in exchange for the issuance of Coeur Shares. In connection with the Arrangement, Shareholders (other than Dissenting Shareholders) will receive consideration of 0.4959 Coeur Shares for each New Gold Share they hold immediately prior to the Effective Time. Upon completion of the Arrangement, existing Coeur Stockholders and former Shareholders are expected to own approximately 38% and 62% of the outstanding common stock of the Combined Company, respectively, in each case, based on the number of Coeur Shares and New Gold Shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement.

Following completion of the Arrangement, Coeur will continue to be the publicly traded parent company of the combined business. New Gold will, through the Purchaser, be an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. The Combined Company will remain a corporation governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Coeur's head office will continue to be located at 200 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2100, Chicago, IL 60606.

- 25?-

In connection with the Arrangement, Coeur intends to submit an application to list its Coeur Shares on the TSX. The Coeur Shares are currently listed on the NYSE as of the date of this Circular. However, it is a condition to the completion of the Arrangement that the Coeur Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, and the TSX, subject only to customary listing conditions. Upon listing of the Coeur Shares on the TSX, Coeur will be required to comply with the TSX's ongoing listing requirements, including those set out in the TSX Company Manual. Coeur will continue to be a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada. Subject to certain exceptions, Coeur will continue to be generally exempt from Canadian statutory financial and other continuous and timely reporting requirements, including the requirement for insiders of Coeur to file reports with respect to trades of Coeur securities, provided that Coeur complies with the requirements of applicable U.S. securities laws and U.S. market requirements in respect of all financial and other continuous and timely reporting matters, and Coeur files with the relevant Canadian Securities Authorities copies of its documents filed with the SEC under the U.S. Exchange Act.

The Combined Company will be a well-diversified precious metals mining company, with wholly-owned operations in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The Combined Company will focus on generating sustainable, high-quality cash flow and returns from a balanced, prospective asset base in mining-friendly jurisdictions, along with its commitment to exploration and expansions.

See Appendix I to this Circular for more information on the Combined Company.

Procedure for Exchange of New Gold Shares and Letter of Transmittal

Enclosed with this Circular as sent to registered Shareholders is the Letter of Transmittal which, when properly completed and duly executed and returned to the Depositary together with a share certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing New Gold Shares and all other required documents in accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal, will enable each registered Shareholder to receive the Coeur Shares to which such Shareholder is entitled as Consideration under the Arrangement.

Only registered Shareholders are required to submit a Letter of Transmittal. The exchange of New Gold Shares for the Consideration Shares in respect of any non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder is expected to be made with the intermediary (i.e., the broker, investment dealer, bank, trust company, custodian, nominee or other intermediary) of the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder's intermediary account through the procedures in place for such purposes between CDS or DTC and such intermediary, as applicable, with no further action required by the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder. Any non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder whose New Gold Shares are registered in the name of an intermediary should contact that intermediary if they have any questions regarding this process and to arrange for such intermediary to complete the necessary steps to ensure that they receive the Consideration in respect of their New Gold Shares.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Procedure for Exchange of New Gold Shares and Letter of Transmittal".

Fractional Shares

No fractional Consideration Shares will be issued pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. Where the aggregate number of Coeur Shares to be issued to a Shareholder as Consideration under the Arrangement would result in a fractional Consideration Share being issuable, such fractional Consideration Share shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a Coeur Share and shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a Coeur Share.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Fractional Shares".

Business Combination Under MI 61-101

New Gold is a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada, and accordingly is subject to the requirements of MI 61-101. MI 61-101 is intended to regulate certain transactions to ensure equality of treatment among securityholders, generally requiring enhanced disclosure, approval by a majority of securityholders excluding certain interested or related parties and their joint actors and, in certain instances, independent valuations and approval and oversight of the transaction by a special committee of independent directors.

- 26?-

Patrick Godin, the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of New Gold, will be entitled to certain benefits in connection with his role as a director of Coeur upon completion of the Arrangement. Accordingly, New Gold has determined that Mr. Godin will receive a collateral benefit that does not fall within the exclusion in the definition of "collateral benefit" under MI 61-101. As a result, the Arrangement is a "business combination" for the purposes of MI 61-101 since the interest of a holder of New Gold Shares may be terminated without such holder's consent and a related party of New Gold will receive a collateral benefit in connection with the Arrangement.

As a result of the foregoing, the Arrangement requires minority approval under MI 61-101. Accordingly, in addition to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by at least two-thirds of the votes cast on the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, to be effective, the Arrangement Resolution must also be approved by at least a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes of the persons whose votes may not be included in determining minority approval of a business combination under MI 61-101. The 290,050 votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Godin, representing approximately 0.04% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares as of the Record Date, will be excluded for the purposes of determining minority approval for the Arrangement under MI 61-101.

See below under the heading "Business Combination Under MI 61-101".

Dissent Rights of Shareholders

Pursuant to the Interim Order, Dissenting Shareholders are entitled to be paid fair value for their Dissent Shares under the BCBCA, as modified or supplemented by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement or any other order of the Court. A Dissenting Shareholder who intends to exercise Dissent Rights should carefully consider and comply with the provisions of sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement and any other order of the Court. Only registered Shareholders as of the Record Date may exercise Dissent Rights.

A non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder who desires to exercise Dissent Rights (a) must have made arrangements for the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by such Shareholder to be registered in the name of such Shareholder prior to the Record Date; or (b) alternatively, must make arrangements for the registered Shareholder of such New Gold Shares to exercise Dissent Rights on behalf of such non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder.

For a summary of the Dissent Rights, as well as a summary of the procedures that must be followed in order to exercise such Dissent Rights, see "Dissent Rights of Shareholders". New Gold suggests that any Shareholder wishing to avail himself or herself of the Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement seek his or her own legal advice, as failure to comply strictly with the applicable provisions of the BCBCA and the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement or any other order of the Court may prejudice the availability of such Dissent Rights.

See below under the heading "Dissent Rights of Shareholders".

Stock Exchange Listings for the Consideration Shares

The Coeur Shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol "CDE" and it is a condition of the Arrangement that the Consideration Shares to be issued or issuable in connection with the Arrangement are approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and TSX (subject only to customary conditions).

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Stock Exchange Matters".

Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations of the Arrangement for Shareholders

For a summary of certain of the material Canadian federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement applicable to Shareholders, see below under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations". Such summary is not intended to be legal or tax advice. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the Arrangement to them with respect to their particular circumstances.

- 27?-

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations of the Arrangement for Shareholders

For a summary of certain of the material United States federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement applicable to Shareholders, see below under the heading "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations". Such summary is not intended to be legal or tax advice. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the Arrangement to them with respect to their particular circumstances.

Risk Factors

Shareholders that vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution are voting in favour of combining the businesses of New Gold and Coeur and are making an investment decision with respect to Coeur Shares. Shareholders should carefully consider the risk factors set out under the heading "Risk Factors" relating to the Arrangement and the proposed combination of New Gold's and Coeur's respective businesses. Shareholders should also carefully consider the risk factors contained in the documents incorporated by reference in this Circular as described under Appendix G and Appendix H. Readers are cautioned that such risk factors are not exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties, including those currently unknown or not considered material to New Gold, may also adversely affect the Arrangement, New Gold or Coeur prior to the completion of the Arrangement or the combined businesses following completion of the Arrangement. These risk factors should be considered in conjunction with all other information contained in this Circular, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, and documents filed by New Gold and Coeur pursuant to applicable Laws from time to time.

See below under the heading "Risk Factors".

Certain Securities Laws Matters

The Coeur Shares distributed pursuant to the Arrangement will be issued in reliance on exemptions from the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian Securities Laws, will generally be "freely tradable" and the resale of such Coeur Shares will be exempt from the prospectus requirements (and not subject to any "restricted period" or "hold period") under applicable Canadian Securities Laws if the following conditions are met: (a) the trade is not a control distribution (as defined under NI 45-102); (b) no unusual effort is made to prepare the market or to create a demand for the Coeur Shares; (c) no extraordinary commission or consideration is paid to a person or company in respect of the trade; and (d) if the selling shareholder is an insider or an officer of Coeur, the selling securityholder has no reasonable grounds to believe that Coeur is in default of applicable securities legislation.

Each Shareholder is urged to consult his, her or its professional advisors to determine the Canadian conditions and restrictions applicable to trades in Coeur Shares issued as Consideration under the Arrangement.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement - Canada".

United States Securities Law Matters

Coeur Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction. Coeur Shares to be issued in the Arrangement are expected to be issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act provided by the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption, based on the approval of the Arrangement by the Court.

- 28?-

Section 3(a)(10) exempts securities issued in exchange for one or more outstanding securities from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act where, among other things, the terms and conditions of the issuance and exchange of the securities have been approved by a court of competent jurisdiction, after a hearing upon the procedural and substantive fairness of the terms and conditions of the issuance and exchange at which all persons to whom the securities will be issued have the right to appear and to whom timely and adequate notice of the hearing has been given. The Final Order is required for the Arrangement to become effective, and the Court will be advised that its approval of the terms and conditions of the Arrangement will be relied upon to exempt the issuance of the Consideration Shares under the Arrangement from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption. Therefore, if the Court approves the Arrangement, its approval will constitute the basis for Coeur Shares to be issued without registration under the U.S. Securities Act. In addition, Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement will be issued in compliance with or pursuant to an exemption from the registration or qualification requirements of state or "blue sky" securities laws.

Persons who are not "affiliates" of Coeur after the Arrangement and have not been "affiliates" of Coeur in the 90-day period prior to any resale of the Coeur Shares that they receive in connection with the Arrangement may resell such Coeur Shares in the United States without restriction under the U.S. Securities Act. As defined in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act, an "affiliate" of an issuer is a person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the issuer and may include directors and certain officers of such issuer as well as principal shareholders of such issuer. U.S. Shareholders should consult their own legal counsel regarding their status as an "affiliate" of Coeur.

Coeur Shares sold by any holder who is an "affiliate" of Coeur at the time of the sale of such Coeur Shares after the Arrangement, or was an "affiliate" of Coeur at any time within 90 days prior to the date of such sale, may be subject to certain restrictions on resale imposed by the U.S. Securities Act. Such persons may not be able to sell Coeur Shares that they receive in connection with the Arrangement in the absence of registration under the U.S. Securities Act or an exemption from registration, if available, such as the exemptions and safe harbours contained in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act or Rules 903 or 904 of Regulation S.

Investors are urged to consult with their own legal counsel before proceeding to sell any Coeur Shares.

See below under the heading "The Arrangement - Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement - United States".

Questions

If you have any questions or require assistance with voting your New Gold shares, please contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

- 29?-

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR

This Circular is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by and on behalf of management of New Gold for use at the Meeting. Management of New Gold will solicit proxies primarily by mail, but proxies may also be solicited by telephone, email, facsimile or in writing by directors, officers, employees or agents of New Gold. The cost of solicitation of proxies for use at the Meeting will be paid by New Gold. New Gold has retained Kingsdale Advisors to provide a broad array of strategic advisory, governance, strategic communications and digital and investor campaign services on a global retainer basis.

The information concerning Coeur and its Subsidiaries contained in this Circular, including the appendices and information incorporated by reference, has been provided by Coeur for inclusion in this Circular. Although New Gold has no knowledge that any statements contained herein taken from or based on such documents, records or information provided by Coeur are untrue or incomplete, New Gold assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information contained in such documents, records or information or for any failure by Coeur to disclose events which may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to New Gold.

All capitalized terms used in this Circular but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth under the heading "Glossary of Terms". Information contained in this Circular, including information in the appendices hereto, which form part of this Circular, is given as of December 19, 2025 unless otherwise specifically stated. Information contained in documents incorporated by reference in this Circular is given as of the respective dates stated in such documents.

This Circular does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the securities to be issued under or in connection with the Arrangement, or the solicitation of a proxy, in any jurisdiction, to or from any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, solicitation of an offer or proxy solicitation in such jurisdiction. Neither the delivery of this Circular nor any distribution of the securities to be issued under or in connection with the Arrangement will, under any circumstances, create any implication or be treated as a representation that there has been no change in the information set forth herein since the date of this Circular. No person has been authorized to give any information or make any representation in connection with the Arrangement or any other matters to be considered at the Meeting other than those contained in this Circular and, if given or made, any such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized.

Coeur, certain of the directors and officers of New Gold and Coeur and certain experts referenced in this Circular and the documents incorporated by reference herein reside outside of Canada. It may not be possible for Shareholders to effect service of process within Canada upon such persons. Shareholders are advised that it may not be possible to enforce judgments obtained in Canada against any person that is incorporated, continued or otherwise organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction or resides outside of Canada.

All summaries of, and references to, the Arrangement Agreement, the Plan of Arrangement, the Arrangement and the Support and Voting Agreements in this Circular are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete text of the Arrangement Agreement, the Plan of Arrangement and the Support and Voting Agreements, respectively. Copies of the Arrangement Agreement and the forms of Support and Voting Agreements are available under New Gold's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov. A copy of the Plan of Arrangement is attached to this Circular as Appendix D. You are urged to carefully read the full text of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement.

Information contained in this Circular should not be construed as legal, tax, financial or other professional advice. Shareholders are urged to consult their own professional advisors in connection with the matters addressed herein.

- 30?-

NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS IN THE UNITED STATES

THE COEUR SHARES TO BE ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE ARRANGEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC OR THE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAS THE SEC OR ANY SUCH STATE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS CIRCULAR. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE.

The Coeur Shares to be issued as consideration to Shareholders under the Arrangement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction and will be issued in reliance on an exemption (the "Section 3(a)(10) Exemption") from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act provided by section 3(a)(10) thereof ("Section 3(a)(10)"), on the basis of, among other things, the approval of the Court and exemptions from the registration or qualification requirements of state or "blue sky" securities laws. See "The Arrangement - Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement".

New Gold is a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia and is a "foreign private issuer" as defined under applicable U.S. Securities Laws. The solicitation of proxies and the transactions contemplated in this Circular are not subject to the proxy solicitation rules under the U.S. Exchange Act by virtue of an exemption for foreign private issuers, and therefore this solicitation is not being effected in accordance with U.S. Securities Laws. Accordingly, the solicitation and transactions contemplated in this Circular are made in the United States for securities of a Canadian issuer in accordance with Canadian corporate laws and Canadian Securities Laws, and this Circular has been prepared in accordance with disclosure requirements applicable in Canada. Securityholders in the United States should be aware that disclosure requirements under Canadian Laws are different from those of the United States applicable to registration statements under the U.S. Securities Act and proxy statements under the U.S. Exchange Act. Securityholders in the United States should also be aware that other requirements under Canadian Laws may differ from those required under United States corporate laws and U.S. Securities Laws.

Information concerning New Gold and Coeur described in the Notice of Special Meeting and this Circular has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Canadian Securities Laws, which differ from the requirements of U.S. Securities Laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates for New Gold included or incorporated by reference in this Circular have been prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 and the CIM Standards. NI 43-101 is a rule developed by Canadian Securities Authorities which establishes standards for all public disclosure by a Canadian issuer of scientific and technical information concerning mineral projects. Unless otherwise indicated, all mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates contained in New Gold's technical disclosure have been prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 and the CIM Standards.

Canadian standards, including NI 43-101, differ significantly from the disclosure requirements of the SEC generally applicable to U.S. companies. For example, the terms "mineral reserve", "proven mineral reserve", "probable mineral reserve", "mineral resource", "measured mineral resource", "indicated mineral resource" and "inferred mineral resource" are defined in NI 43-101. These definitions differ from the definitions in the disclosure requirements promulgated by the SEC. Accordingly, information contained concerning New Gold in this Circular and the documents incorporated by reference herein will not be comparable to similar information made public by U.S. companies reporting pursuant to SEC disclosure requirements.

The financial statements and financial information of New Gold included or incorporated by reference in this Circular have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, which differs from U.S. GAAP in certain material respects. Therefore, such financial statements may not be comparable to financial statements of United States companies prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Shareholders resident in the United States should be aware that the Arrangement described herein may have tax consequences both in the United States and in Canada. Such consequences for Shareholders may not be described fully herein. For a general discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences to investors who are resident in the United States, see "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations" and for a general discussion of the United States federal income tax consequences to investors who are resident in the United States, see "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations". U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to such applicable income tax consequences.

- 31?-

The enforcement by securityholders of civil liabilities under U.S. Securities Laws may be adversely affected by the fact that New Gold is a corporation existing and governed under the Laws of the Province of British Columbia, that some or all of New Gold's respective directors and officers and the experts named in this Circular are not residents of the United States and that all or a substantial portion of New Gold's assets may be located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for United States securityholders to effect service of process within the United States upon New Gold and its officers and directors or the experts named herein, or to realize against them upon judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon civil liabilities under the federal securities laws of the United States or "blue sky" laws of any state or territory within the United States. In addition, United States securityholders should not assume that the courts of Canada: (a) would enforce judgments of United States courts obtained in actions against such persons predicated upon civil liabilities under the federal securities laws of the United States or "blue sky" laws of any state or territory within the United States; or (b) would enforce, in original actions, liabilities against such persons predicated upon civil liabilities under the federal securities laws of the United States or "blue sky" laws of any state or territory within the United States.

THE COEUR SHARES TO BE ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE ARRANGEMENT ARE BEING ISSUED PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 3(A)(10) THEREOF AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR TERRITORY OF THE UNITED STATES AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR OTHERWISE QUALIFIED FOR DISTRIBUTION UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OUTSIDE OF CANADA. For a discussion of certain regulatory issues relating to Shareholders in the United States, see "The Arrangement - Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement - United States".

STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This Circular and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain certain statements which constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian Securities Laws and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and section 21E of the U.S. Exchange Act, each as amended (collectively, "forward-looking statements"), including, without limitation, financial and business prospects and financial outlooks, which may be forward-looking plans and intentions, growth, results of operations, performance and business prospects and opportunities. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. The use of words such as "may", "will", "should", "could", "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "project", "intend", "estimate", "plan", "potential", "pro forma", "post-arrangement" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

In particular, and without limitation, this Circular contains forward-looking statements concerning:

· the expected benefits of the Arrangement and attributes of the Combined Company, including potential operational, competitive and cost synergies; · the structure and effect of the Arrangement; · the timing of the Meeting, the Coeur Meeting, the Final Order and the anticipated Effective Date; · the approval of the Coeur Charter Amendment and Coeur Stock Issuance by Coeur Stockholders;

- 32?-

· the treatment, vesting, redemption and cancellation, as applicable, of the Incentive Awards; · the anticipated number of Coeur Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement; · the appointment and nomination of the New Gold Director Nominees to the Coeur Board; · the ability of New Gold and Coeur to satisfy all conditions to, and to complete, the Arrangement, including the anticipated receipt of all required Regulatory Approvals for the Arrangement; · the listing of the Consideration Shares on the NYSE and the TSX; · the ability of New Gold to realize any rights upon termination of the Arrangement Agreement, including the payment of the Coeur Termination Payment; and · the potential costs of the Arrangement to New Gold, including in the event the Arrangement is not completed.

New Gold cautions the reader that these forward-looking statements, including statements that constitute "financial outlook" within the meaning of applicable Canadian Securities Laws, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such information and statements. Financial outlook included in this Circular is provided for the purpose of helping readers understand New Gold's current expectations and plans for the future. Readers are cautioned that reliance on any financial outlook may not be appropriate for other purposes or in other circumstances, and that the risk factors described below, or other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from any financial outlook. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current beliefs and are based on information currently available to management, as well as certain expectations and assumptions with respect to the Arrangement, including:

· the structure and expected benefits of the Arrangement are based upon a number of factors, including the terms and conditions of the Arrangement Agreement, the historical performance of New Gold and Coeur, the anticipated performance of the Combined Company, and current and historical industry, economic and market conditions; · certain steps in, and timing of, the Arrangement and the Effective Date, are based upon the terms of the Arrangement and advice received from counsel; · the approval of the Coeur Charter Amendment and Coeur Stock Issuance by Coeur Stockholders and the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders; · the listing of the Consideration Shares on the TSX and the NYSE, as well as the delisting of the New Gold Shares from the TSX and the NYSE American, is based on anticipated receipt of all required approvals from such stock exchanges; · the ability of New Gold and Coeur to satisfy the other closing conditions in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, and in a timely manner, is based upon management's current expectations regarding timing and the ability of New Gold and Coeur to satisfy their respective obligations under the Arrangement Agreement; and · the effects of the Arrangement and expected attributes of the Combined Company are based on management's current expectations regarding the completion of the Arrangement and future growth in gold, silver, copper and other metal and mineral production.

Various assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations concerning industry, economic and market conditions, including: (a) prevailing commodity prices and exchange rates; (b) projected capital and operating costs; (c) other assumptions set forth in the New Gold Technical Reports and the Coeur Technical Reports, respectively; (d) prevailing regulatory, tax and environmental laws and regulations; (e) that there will be no significant events occurring outside of the normal course of business of New Gold or Coeur; (f) future costs of labour, materials and other supplies; and (g) general economic, political and market conditions.

- 33?-

The forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this Circular. New Gold believes that the expectations and assumptions reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable and relevant based on information available as at the date of this Circular, but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct.

Forward-looking statements and other information contained herein concerning mineral exploration, development and operations, and management's general expectations concerning the foregoing, are based on estimates prepared by New Gold and Coeur using data from publicly available industry sources as well as from market research and industry analysis and on assumptions based on data and knowledge of the industry which New Gold and Coeur believe to be reasonable. However, these data are inherently imprecise, although generally indicative of relative market positions, market shares and performance characteristics. While New Gold and Coeur are not aware of any misstatements regarding any industry data presented herein, mineral exploration and development involves risk and uncertainties and industry data are subject to change based on various factors.

Forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements including: (a) changes in general economic and market conditions; (b) fluctuations in gold, silver, copper and other metal and mineral prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates; (c) uncertainties related to mining operations as well as exploration and development projects, including the possibility that actual capital and operating costs and economic returns will differ significantly from estimates; (d) an inability to successfully complete mining and mineral projects, planned expansions or other projects on budget and schedule; (e) adverse changes in economic, political or social conditions or in applicable laws, rules and regulations; (f) labour disputes, surface rights disputes, access to property, flooding, ground instability, fire and other risks of the mining industry; (g) property, title and permitting matters; and (h) environmental costs, events or liability claims.

There are also risks inherent in the nature of the Arrangement, including:

· New Gold and Coeur may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement; · the conditions to completion of the Arrangement, including New Gold Shareholder Approval, Coeur Stockholder Approval, receipt of the Regulatory Approvals, Court approval and TSX and NYSE approval for the listing of the Consideration Shares, may not be satisfied or, where permitted, waived by the Outside Date, or at all, which may result in the Arrangement not being completed; · the rights of New Gold and Coeur to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances, including pursuant to a New Gold Superior Proposal or a Coeur Superior Proposal, as applicable, on the specific terms and conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement; · the timing of the Meeting, the Coeur Meeting and Final Order and the anticipated Effective Date may be changed or delayed; · New Gold and Coeur will incur significant costs relating to the Arrangement, regardless of whether the Arrangement is completed or not completed, and may be subject to unknown liabilities; · the New Gold Termination Payment may discourage other parties from attempting to acquire New Gold or may have an adverse effect on New Gold; · potential legal proceedings relating to the Arrangement and the outcome of any such legal proceeding;

- 34?-

· if the Arrangement is not completed, Shareholders will not realize the benefits of the Arrangement; · risks and unforeseen difficulties related to the integration of New Gold's and Coeur's existing businesses, including that Shareholders may be exposed to additional business risks not previously applicable to their investments; · the Arrangement may affect the ability of New Gold to retain and hire key personnel and maintain business relationships with customers, suppliers and others with whom New Gold does business, or on New Gold's operating results; · if the Arrangement is not completed, the dedication of resources by New Gold to the completion of the Arrangement could have an adverse impact on its business and strategic relationships, including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners, operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects; · if there is a significant number of Dissenting Shareholders, a substantial cash payment may be required to be made to such Dissenting Shareholders that could have an adverse effect on the Combined Company's financial condition and cash resources if the Arrangement is completed; and · other risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading "Risk Factors".

Readers are cautioned that the foregoing factors are not exhaustive and there may be other factors that could affect the Arrangement, New Gold, Coeur, the Purchaser or the Combined Company. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. With regard to the forward-looking statements in Coeur's and New Gold's documents incorporated by reference herein, please refer to the forward-looking statements advisories in such documents in respect of the forward-looking statements contained therein, the assumptions upon which they are based and the risk factors in respect of such forward-looking statements.

Except as required by Law, New Gold and Coeur do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements contained in this Circular are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement and those made in each of New Gold's and Coeur's respective filings with Canadian and United States securities regulatory authorities that are expressly incorporated by reference herein.

NON-GAAP MEASURES

This Circular and the documents incorporated by reference that relate to New Gold refer to performance measures that are not recognized measures under IFRS, including "cash costs", "all-in sustaining costs" or "AISC", "adjusted net earnings/(loss)", "adjusted income tax expense", "sustaining capital and sustaining leases", "growth capital", "average realized gold/copper price per ounce/pound", "open pit net mining cost per operating tonne mined", "underground net mining costs per operating tonne mined", "processing costs per tonne processed", "G&A costs per tonne processed", "cash generated from operations before changes in non-cash operating working capital" and "free cash flow". New Gold uses these measures to analyze and evaluate the performance of its business and provides such measures as supplementary information, because management believes they may be useful to investors to explain New Gold's financial results. In addition, this Circular and certain documents incorporated by reference that relate to Coeur and/or the Combined Company present certain measures, including "adjusted net income/loss", "EBITDA", "adjusted EBITDA", "free cash flow", "operating cash flow before changes in working capital", "net debt", "leverage ratio" and "costs applicable to sales".

The foregoing measures (collectively, the "non-GAAP measures") are not standardized financial measures under IFRS (in the case of New Gold) or under U.S. GAAP (in the case of Coeur), and therefore may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. As there is no standardized method of calculating any of these non-GAAP measures, the method of calculating each of them may differ from the methods used by other entities and, accordingly, the use of any of these measures may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. Accordingly, these measures are intended to provide additional information only and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS (in the case of New Gold) or U.S. GAAP (in the case of Coeur). The reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used and presented by New Gold to the most directly comparable IFRS measures is provided in certain documents incorporated by reference herein in which these non-GAAP measures are referenced. See the section "Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures" on page 32 of the Annual MD&A and "Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures" on page 29 of the Interim MD&A, each of which is incorporated by reference in this Circular and available on New Gold's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.

- 35?-

Where applicable, the reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used and presented by Coeur to the most directly comparable measures under U.S. GAAP is provided in certain documents incorporated by reference herein in which these non-GAAP measures are referenced. See the section "Non-GAAP Financial Performance Measures" on page 57 of the Coeur Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Circular and available under Coeur's issuer profile on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.

REPORTING CURRENCIES AND ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES

Unless otherwise indicated, all references to "$" or "US$" in this Circular refer to United States dollars and all references to "C$" in this Circular refer to Canadian dollars. Except as otherwise indicated in this Circular, all financial statements and financial data derived therefrom included or incorporated by reference in this Circular pertaining to New Gold and Coeur have been prepared and presented in United States dollars in accordance with IFRS (in the case of New Gold) or U.S. GAAP (in the case of Coeur). The unaudited combined pro forma financial statements of Coeur which are set out in Appendix J, have been prepared based on financial statements prepared and presented in United States dollars with the recognition and measurement principles of U.S. GAAP.

CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION

The closing, high, low and average exchange rates for the United States dollar in terms of Canadian dollars for each of the two years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, based on the indicative rate of exchange as reported by the Bank of Canada, were as follows:

                   Nine Months ended September 30            Year-Ended December 31   
                   2025                                      2024                              2024              2023     
Closing       C$   1.3921                               C$   1.3499                       C$   1.4389       C$   1.3226   
High          C$   1.4603                               C$   1.3858                       C$   1.4416       C$   1.3875   
Low           C$   1.3558                               C$   1.3316                       C$   1.3316       C$   1.3128   
Average(1)    C$   1.3988                               C$   1.3604                       C$   1.3698       C$   1.3497   


Note

(1) The average of the indicative rates during the relevant period.

On December 18, 2025, the average exchange rate for one United States dollar expressed in Canadian dollars as provided by the Bank of Canada was C$1.3774.

- 36?-

THE MEETING

The Meeting will be held at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 27, 2026, subject to any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Special Meeting. Shareholders may attend the Meeting in person at the offices of Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP at 155 Wellington Street West, Suite 4000, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7, or virtually via live webcast at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, password "newgold2026" (case sensitive).

All of the directors and officers of New Gold, collectively holding approximately 0.1% of the total New Gold Shares, as at the Record Date, have entered into the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements with Coeur pursuant to which each such individual has agreed to, among other things, support the Arrangement and vote all New Gold Shares beneficially owned by them in favour of the Arrangement Resolution, subject to the terms and conditions of such agreements.

If you have any questions about the Meeting or the matters described below, you may contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials

How will New Gold solicit proxies?

Your proxy is being solicited on behalf of New Gold's management in connection with the Meeting to be held on January 27, 2026. Management will solicit proxies primarily by mail, but proxies may also be solicited personally by telephone by employees of New Gold. New Gold has retained Kingsdale Advisors to provide a broad array of strategic advisory, governance, strategic communications and digital and investor campaign services on a global retainer basis. The estimated aggregate fees payable to Kingsdale Advisors in respect of such services is expected to be approximately C$400,000, inclusive of a success fee payable if the Shareholders approve the Arrangement Resolution, plus distribution costs and other disbursements. The costs of preparing and distributing the Meeting Materials and the cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by the Company.

How are Meeting Materials being delivered?

The Meeting Materials are sent to registered Shareholders through New Gold's transfer agent, Computershare. New Gold generally does not send its proxy materials directly to non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who own shares held in "street name" in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization. Instead New Gold uses the services of Broadridge who acts on behalf of intermediaries to send proxy materials to non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders. New Gold intends to reimburse intermediaries to send the Meeting Materials to objecting non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders.

New Gold is not distributing copies of the Meeting Materials to registered Shareholders or non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders using the notice-and-access delivery procedures set out in National Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer.

Meeting Procedures

What are the admission requirements to attend the Meeting in person?

Only Shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2025 and other permitted attendees may attend the Meeting. In order to attend the Meeting in person, you or your proxyholder is required to see a representative of Computershare before entering to register your attendance. You must present proof of your ownership of New Gold Shares as of the Record Date and a valid government-issued photo identification at the entrance of the Meeting. Non-registered (beneficial) owners of New Gold Shares held in "street name" in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization will need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement reflecting their share ownership as of the Record Date.

- 37?-

No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, use of cell phones or other mobile devices, large bags or packages are permitted at the Meeting. If you do not provide valid government-issued photo identification or comply with the other procedures outlined herein, you will not be admitted to the Meeting.

Registered Shareholders, non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders and their duly appointed proxyholders who are unable to attend the Meeting in person will be able to participate, ask questions and vote in "real time" via the online Meeting portal by following the instructions set out in this Circular. For additional information, please see below under "Voting Procedures".

Voting Procedures

How do I vote my New Gold Shares?

Please follow the voting instructions based on whether you are a registered or non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder:

· You are a registered Shareholder if you have a share certificate issued in your name or appear as the registered Shareholder on the books of New Gold. · You are a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder if your New Gold Shares are registered in the name of an intermediary (for example, a bank, trust company, investment dealer, clearing agency or other institution).

If you are not sure whether you are a registered or non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder, please contact Computershare by email at service@computershare.com. Alternatively, please call Computershare toll-free at 1-800-564-6253 (toll free within North America) or 1-514-982-7555 (outside of North America).

If you have any questions, you may also contact our strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

How do I obtain a control number to vote my New Gold Shares?

If you have not received your control number to vote, Shareholders may contact Kingsdale Advisors, New Gold's strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent by telephone at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com.

How can I vote if I am a registered Shareholder?

Option 1 - By Proxy (Form of Proxy)

By Internet:

Go to Computershare's website at www.investorvote.com and follow the instructions on the screen. You will need your 15-digit control number, which can be found on your form of proxy.

See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information.

By Telephone:

Call Computershare at 1-866-732-8683 (toll-free in North America) or 1-312-588-4290 (outside of North America) from a touch-tone phone and follow the instructions. You will need your 15-digit control number, which can be found on your form of proxy. Please note that you cannot appoint anyone other than the directors and officers named on your form of proxy as your proxyholder if you vote by telephone.

See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information.

- 38?-

By Fax:

Complete, sign and date your form of proxy, and send all pages (in one transmission) by fax to Computershare at 1-866-249-7775.

See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information.

By Mail:

Complete, sign and date your form of proxy and return it to Computershare, Attention: Proxy Department, 320 Bay Street 14th Floor, Toronto ON M5H 4A6 in the postage prepaid envelope provided.

See below under the heading "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?" for more information.

Appointing another person to attend the Meeting and vote your New Gold Shares for you:

New Gold's named proxyholders are Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer or, failing him, Sean Keating, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. A Shareholder that wishes to appoint another person or entity (who need not be a Shareholder) to represent such Shareholder at the Meeting has the right to do so, either by striking out the names of those persons named in the accompanying form of proxy and inserting the desired person's name in the blank space provided in the form of proxy or by completing another form of proxy. Please ensure that the person you appoint is aware that he or she has been appointed to attend the Meeting on your behalf. If your proxyholder wishes to attend the Meeting in person, your appointee should see a representative of Computershare at the registration desk.

If your proxyholder is unable to attend the Meeting in person and wishes to attend virtually, you must register your proxyholder with Computershare at https://www.computershare.com/newgold by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026 in order to obtain a control number. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step once you have submitted your form of proxy.

This control number will allow your proxyholder to log in to the live webcast and vote at the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Without a control number, your proxyholder will not be able to vote at the Meeting. Computershare will provide your duly appointed proxyholder with a control number provided that your proxy has been received by Computershare prior to the deadline. Please note that you cannot appoint anyone other than Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer or, failing him, Sean Keating, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, as your proxyholder if you vote by telephone.

For more information, please see below under the headings "How can I log in to the Meeting if I wish to attend virtually?" and "How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?".

Option 2 - In Person at the Meeting

You do not need to complete or return your form of proxy if you intend to vote in person at the Meeting.

Option 3 - In Person via Internet Webcast

Registered Shareholders have the ability to participate, ask questions and vote at the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Eligible registered Shareholders may log in at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, click on "I have a control number", enter the 15-digit control number found on the proxy, and the password "newgold2026" (case sensitive), then click on the "Login" button. During the Meeting, you must ensure you are connected to the Internet at all times in order to vote when polling is commenced on the resolutions put before the Meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure Internet connectivity. You will also need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Please do not use Internet Explorer. As internal network security protocols (such as firewalls and VPN connections) may block access to the LUMI meeting platform, please ensure that you use a network that is not restricted to the security settings of your organization or that you have disabled your VPN setting. It is recommended that you log in at least one hour before the Meeting. Once voting has opened, the voting tab will appear on the home page. The Arrangement Resolution and voting choices will be displayed in that tab. Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders must follow the procedures outlined below to participate in the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who fail to comply with the procedures outlined below may nonetheless view a live webcast of the Meeting by going to the same URL as above and clicking on "I am a guest" or on New Gold's website at www.VoteNewGold.com.

- 39?-

How can I vote if I am a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder?

Option 1 - By Proxy (Voting Instruction Form)

You will receive a voting instruction form that allows you to vote on the Internet, by telephone, by fax or by mail. To vote, you should follow the instructions provided on your voting instruction form. Your intermediary is required to ask for your voting instructions before the Meeting. Please contact your intermediary if you did not receive a voting instruction form. Each intermediary has its own procedures (which may vary from the below) which should be carefully followed by non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders to ensure that their New Gold Shares are voted by their intermediary on their behalf at the Meeting.

By Internet:    Visit www.proxyvote.com with your 16-digit control number. 
                
By Telephone:   Call 1-800-474-7493 for English or 1-800-474-7501 for French (in Canada) or 1-800-454-8683 (in the United States) with your 16-digit control number. 
                
By Mail:        Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form and return it by mail in the postage prepaid envelope included in your package in accordance with the instructions thereon. 


Alternatively, you may receive from your intermediary a pre-authorized form of proxy indicating the number of New Gold Shares to be voted, which you should complete, sign, date and return as directed on the form.

Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who do not object to their name being made known to New Gold may be contacted by Kingsdale Advisors to assist in conveniently voting their New Gold Shares directly by telephone. New Gold may also utilize the Broadridge QuickVote™ service to assist such Shareholders with voting their New Gold Shares. For more information on proxy solicitation, please see above under the heading "The Meeting - Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials".

Option 2 - In Person at the Meeting

We do not have access to the names or holdings of our non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders. That means you can only vote your New Gold Shares in person at the Meeting if you have previously appointed yourself as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares, by printing your name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form.

You may also appoint someone else as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares by printing their name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form. Your vote, or the vote of your proxyholder, will be taken and counted at the Meeting. You or your proxyholder must see a representative of Computershare before entering the Meeting to register your attendance. Please ensure that the person you appoint is aware that he or she has been appointed to attend the Meeting on your behalf.

Your voting instructions must be received by your intermediary in sufficient time to allow your voting instruction form to be forwarded by your intermediary to Computershare before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026.

- 40?-

Option 3 - In Person via Internet Webcast

We do not have access to the names or holdings of our non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders. That means you can only vote your New Gold Shares virtually at the Meeting if you have: (a) previously appointed yourself as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares, by printing your name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form; and (b) by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026, registered with Computershare at https://www.computershare.com/newgold in order to obtain a control number for the Meeting.

This control number will allow you to log in to the live webcast and vote at the Meeting. Without a control number, you will not be able to ask questions or vote at the Meeting. During the Meeting, you must ensure you are connected to the Internet at all times in order to vote when polling is commenced on the resolutions put before the Meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure Internet connectivity. You will also need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Please do not use Internet Explorer. As internal network security protocols (such as firewalls and VPN connections) may block access to the LUMI meeting platform, please ensure that you use a network that is not restricted to the security settings of your organization or that you have disabled your VPN setting. It is recommended that you log in at least one hour before the Meeting. Once voting has opened, the voting tab will appear on the home page. The Arrangement Resolution and voting choices will be displayed in that tab.

You may also appoint someone else as the proxyholder for your New Gold Shares by printing their name in the space provided on your voting instruction form and submitting it as directed on the form. If your proxyholder intends to participate in the Meeting virtually, you must register your proxyholder at https://www.computershare.com/newgold by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026 in order to obtain a control number for the Meeting.

Registering your proxyholder is an additional step once you have submitted your voting instruction form. Failure to register a duly appointed proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number to participate in the Meeting virtually.

Your voting instructions must be received in sufficient time to allow your voting instruction form to be forwarded by your intermediary to Computershare before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026. If you plan to participate in the Meeting virtually (or to have your proxyholder attend the Meeting virtually), you or your proxyholder will not be entitled to vote or ask questions online unless the proper documentation is completed and received by your intermediary well in advance of the Meeting to allow them to forward the necessary information to Computershare before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026. You should contact your intermediary well in advance of the Meeting and follow their instructions if you want to participate in the Meeting virtually.

Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who do not object to their name being made known to New Gold may be contacted by Kingsdale Advisors to assist in conveniently voting their New Gold Shares directly by telephone. New Gold may also utilize the Broadridge QuickVote™ service to assist such Shareholders with voting their New Gold Shares. For more information on proxy solicitation, please see above under the heading "The Meeting - Proxy Solicitation and Delivery of Meeting Materials".

For more information, please see below under the heading "How can I log in to the Meeting if I wish to attend virtually?".

Is there a deadline for my proxy to be received?

Yes. Whether you vote by mail, fax, telephone or Internet, your proxy must be received by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026. If the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, your proxy must be received by 11:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on the day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or statutory or civic holiday, which is at least 48 hours prior to the Meeting if it is adjourned or postponed.

As noted above, if you are a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder, all required voting instructions must be submitted to your intermediary sufficiently in advance of this deadline to allow your intermediary time to forward this information to Computershare. The time limit for deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the Chair of the Meeting, at the Chair's discretion, with or without notice. The Chair of the Meeting is under no obligation to accept or reject any particular late proxy.

- 41?-

How can I log in to the Meeting if I wish to attend virtually?

Only Shareholders of record at the close of business on December 17, 2025 and other permitted attendees may virtually attend the Meeting. Attending the Meeting virtually allows registered Shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who have duly appointed themselves or a third-party proxyholder in accordance with the procedures set out above, to participate, ask questions and vote at the Meeting using the LUMI meeting platform. Guests, including non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves or a third party as proxyholder, can log in to the virtual Meeting as a guest. Guests may listen to the Meeting, but will not be entitled to vote or ask questions.

· Registered Shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may log in online at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-332-821-927, click on "I have a control number", enter the 15-digit control number found on the proxy or provided to a duly appointed proxyholder, as applicable, and the password "newgold2026" (case sensitive), then click on the "Login" button. We recommend you log in at least one hour before the Meeting begins. For registered Shareholders, the control number is located on your form of proxy. For duly appointed proxyholders (including non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who have appointed themselves), your control number will be provided by Computershare, provided that you or your proxyholder has been duly appointed in accordance with the procedures outlined in this Circular. · Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders may view a live webcast of the Meeting by going to the same URL as above and clicking on "I am a guest" or on our website at www.VoteNewGold.com, but will not be able to ask questions or vote at the Meeting.

During the Meeting, you must ensure you are connected to the Internet at all times in order to vote when polling is commenced on the resolutions put before the Meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure Internet connectivity. You will also need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Please do not use Internet Explorer. As internal network security protocols (such as firewalls and VPN connections) may block access to the LUMI meeting platform, please ensure that you use a network that is not restricted to the security settings of your organization or that you have disabled your VPN setting. As noted above, it is recommended that you log in at least one hour before the Meeting.

If Shareholders (or their duly appointed proxyholders) encounter any difficulties accessing the Meeting during the check-in, they may attend the Meeting by clicking "Guest" and completing the online form. Technical support can also be accessed at support-ca@lumiglobal.com.

Will virtual participation in the Meeting impact my ability to ask questions?

At the virtual Meeting, registered Shareholders, non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders and their duly appointed proxyholders will be able to ask questions in "real time" through the online Meeting portal by sending a written message to the Chair of the Meeting through the LUMI meeting platform. To ensure you have the ability to ask questions during the Meeting, it is important that you follow the instructions set out above. New Gold values Shareholder feedback and expects that Shareholders participating in the Meeting virtually will have substantially the same opportunity to ask questions of the Board and management as they would if participating in the Meeting in person.

How will my New Gold Shares be voted if I return a proxy?

By completing and returning a proxy, you are authorizing the person named in the proxy to attend the Meeting and vote your New Gold Shares in accordance with your instructions. IN THE ABSENCE OF ANY SUCH INSTRUCTION, NEW GOLD SHARES REPRESENTED BY PROXIES RECEIVED BY MANAGEMENT WILL BE VOTED FOR THE ARRANGEMENT RESOLUTION.

- 42?-

What happens if there are amendments, variations or other matters brought before the Meeting?

Your proxy authorizes your proxyholder to act and vote for you on any amendment or variation of any of the business of the Meeting and on any other matter that properly comes before the Meeting, or any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof. As of December 19, 2025, no director or officer of New Gold is aware of any variation, amendment or other matter to be presented for a vote at the Meeting.

What if I change my mind after I have submitted my proxy?

You can revoke a vote you made by proxy by:

· voting again on the Internet or by telephone before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026; · completing a form of proxy or voting instruction form that is dated later than the form of proxy or voting instruction form that you are changing, and mailing or faxing it as instructed on your form of proxy or voting instruction form, as the case may be, so that it is received before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026; or · any other means permitted by Law.

If you are a registered Shareholder, you can also revoke a vote you made by sending a notice in writing from you or your authorized attorney to our Corporate Secretary at 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2T3, Attention: Corporate Secretary, by fax (416-203-0341) or by email (info@newgold.com) and Computershare at 320 Bay Street 14th Floor, Toronto ON M5H 4A6, Attention: Proxy Department, by fax (1-866-249-7775) or by email (service@computershare.com) so that it is received before 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on January 23, 2026, or by giving notice in writing from you or your authorized attorney to the Chair of the Meeting, at the Meeting or at any adjournment thereof.

Is my vote by proxy confidential?

Yes. All proxies are received, counted and tabulated independently by Computershare, New Gold's transfer agent, or Broadridge, in a way that preserves the confidentiality of Shareholder votes, except:

· as necessary to permit management and the Board to discharge their legal obligations to New Gold or its Shareholders, or to determine the validity of the proxy; · in the event of a proxy contest; or · in the event a Shareholder has made a written comment on the proxy intended for management or the Board.

- 43?-

Need help casting your vote?

For assistance casting your vote, please contact Kingsdale Advisors at:

Kingsdale Advisors

Toll-Free within Canada and the United States: 1-866-581-1477

Text and call enabled outside of North America: 1-437-561-5022

Email: contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com

Voting Securities and Principal Holders of Voting Securities

New Gold is authorized to issue an unlimited number of New Gold Shares, of which 791,726,904 New Gold Shares were issued and outstanding as of December 17, 2025. Registered Shareholders are entitled to receive notice of, and to attend and vote at, all meetings of the Shareholders, and each New Gold Share confers the right to one vote (virtually or in-person) or by proxy at all meetings of the Shareholders.

Only Shareholders of record on December 17, 2025 are entitled to vote or to have their New Gold Shares voted at the Meeting.

As at December 17, 2025, to the knowledge of the directors and executive officers of New Gold, there is no person or company that beneficially owns, or controls or directs, directly or indirectly, voting securities of New Gold carrying 10% or more of the voting rights attached to any class of voting securities of New Gold.

Business of the Meeting

As set out in the Notice of Special Meeting, at the Meeting, Shareholders will be asked to consider and, if deemed advisable, pass the Arrangement Resolution. In order for the Arrangement to be completed, Shareholders must approve the Arrangement Resolution.

In order to become effective, the Arrangement Resolution will require the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Patrick Godin, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of New Gold (as required by MI 61-101) and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101 - Minority Approval Requirements" in this Circular.

The Arrangement Agreement is the result of arm's length negotiations between representatives of New Gold and Coeur and their respective legal and financial advisors. The directors and officers of New Gold (being insiders of New Gold) are participating in the Arrangement. See "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon".

Record Date

The Board has fixed the close of business on December 17, 2025 as the Record Date for the determination of the registered Shareholders that will be entitled to: (a) receive notice of the Meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof); (b) vote at the Meeting; and (c) exercise Dissent Rights. The Interim Order provides that the Record Date will not change in respect of any adjournment or postponement of the Meeting.

Quorum

Under New Gold's constating documents and the Interim Order, the quorum for the Meeting is two persons present in person or represented by proxy and who are, or who represent by proxy, Shareholders who, in the aggregate, hold at least 5% of the issued New Gold Shares entitled to be voted at the Meeting. Pursuant to the Interim Order, Shareholders who participate in and/or vote at the Meeting virtually are deemed to be present at the Meeting for all purposes, including quorum.

- 44?-

THE ARRANGEMENT

Description of the Arrangement

The Arrangement will be implemented by way of a Court-approved plan of arrangement under the BCBCA in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement. For a detailed description of the steps which will occur under the Plan of Arrangement on the Effective Date, assuming all conditions to the implementation of the Arrangement have been satisfied or waived, please see the full text of the Plan of Arrangement attached as Appendix D to this Circular.

The Arrangement will result in:

· the issuance of 0.4959 of a Coeur Share to each Shareholder (excluding Dissenting Shareholders) for each New Gold Share held immediately prior to the Effective Time; and · cash payments in settlement of certain Incentive Awards, including (a) New Gold Options, (b) New Gold DSUs, (c) New Gold PSUs, and (d) New Gold RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees, and an amendment to the New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees.

See "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards".

No fractional Consideration Shares will be issued pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. Where the aggregate number of Coeur Shares to be issued to a Shareholder as Consideration under the Arrangement would result in a fractional Consideration Share being issuable, such fractional Consideration Share shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a Coeur Share, and shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a Coeur Share.

Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of New Gold Shares

Under the terms of the Plan of Arrangement, each New Gold Share outstanding at the Effective Time (other than New Gold Shares held by Dissenting Shareholders) will be deemed to be transferred to the Purchaser in exchange for the Consideration. The Exchange Ratio implies consideration of approximately $8.51 per New Gold Share based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares of $17.17 on the NYSE on October 31, 2025 (being the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement).

Each Dissent Share held by Dissenting Shareholders will be deemed to have been transferred to New Gold (free and clear of all Liens), without any further act or formality on the part of the holder, and such Dissenting Shareholders will cease to have any rights as a Shareholder other than the right to be paid the fair value for their New Gold Shares by New Gold. See "Dissent Rights of Shareholders".

As at December 17, 2025, there were 791,726,904 New Gold Shares outstanding. Accordingly, an aggregate of 392,617,372 Coeur Shares will be issuable in respect of the Consideration for the New Gold Shares, assuming: (a) there are no Dissenting Shareholders; and (b) no additional New Gold Shares are issued prior to the Effective Date.

The Plan of Arrangement provides that New Gold Shares not deposited together with a duly completed Letter of Transmittal and all other required documents on or before the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date will be deemed to have been surrendered for no consideration to the Purchaser (or its successor(s)).

Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards

Incentive Awards that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be treated in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement as summarized below. The Board has authority under the relevant plans governing the Incentive Awards to implement the changes to the Incentive Awards contemplated by the Arrangement such that no separate approval of any Securityholders is required.

- 45?-

Treatment of New Gold Options

Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold Option might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the applicable New Gold Option Plan governing such New Gold Option), each New Gold Option shall, without any further action by or on behalf of a holder, be deemed to be fully vested and shall be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof, free and clear of any Liens, to New Gold, and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount equal to the Cash Out Value for such New Gold Option (less any applicable withholding in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement) determined as at the Value Determination Date. Upon payment, the name of the holder of such New Gold Option shall be removed from the register of New Gold Options maintained by New Gold, and the New Gold Option Plan and each New Gold Option shall immediately be cancelled and all agreements relating to the New Gold Options shall be terminated and shall be of no further force and effect. New Gold shall pay to the holders of New Gold Options, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid under the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold Options.

Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, New Gold shall take such action as may be required to conditionally accelerate the vesting of all unvested New Gold Options such that, without further action by or on behalf of the New Gold Option holders, following the Effective Time and pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, such New Gold Options will be deemed to be cancelled in exchange for the consideration set out in the Plan of Arrangement.

Treatment of New Gold PSUs

Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold PSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the New Gold LTIP governing such New Gold PSU) each New Gold PSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date) and the Plan of Arrangement. For the avoidance of doubt: (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the Value Determination Date for each New Gold PSU shall be determined based on the terms of the New Gold LTIP; and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the Value Determination Date for each New Gold PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of Continuing Employees; or (ii) 150% in the case of Non-Continuing Employees (as prescribed by the New Gold LTIP). New Gold will pay to the holders of New Gold PSUs, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of New Gold PSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold PSUs. In addition, for each holder of New Gold PSUs who is a Continuing Employee, within 30 days following the Effective Date, Coeur will grant Coeur RSUs as retention awards having a value equal to the difference between: (A) the cash payment such holder would have received for such New Gold PSUs as at the Effective Time if treated as a Non-Continuing Employee; and (B) the cash payment such holder actually received for such New Gold PSUs, with such Coeur RSUs vesting as to 50% on the first anniversary of the grant date and as to the remainder on the second anniversary of the grant date.

All New Gold PSUs, including those held by Continuing Employees, are being cashed out because the existing performance measures are specific to New Gold and are not directly or easily transferable to Coeur. To maintain alignment without undertaking a re-design of performance criteria, Continuing Employees receive a cash settlement of their New Gold PSUs determined in the manner described above as at the Value Determination Date, with only the incremental amount they would have received as Non-Continuing Employees delivered as time-vesting Coeur RSUs. This structure simplifies implementation, preserves transactional certainty, and supports retention by requiring the incremental value to be earned over time rather than paid immediately.

- 46?-

Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, prior to the Effective Date and conditional upon the Effective Time having occurred, New Gold shall take such action as may be required in order to ensure that all New Gold PSUs shall be fully vested pursuant to the terms of the New Gold LTIP and the Arrangement Agreement such that all the New Gold PSUs will be redeemed by New Gold for cash, to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date) and the Plan of Arrangement.

Treatment of New Gold DSUs

Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold DSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan governing such New Gold DSU) each New Gold DSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). New Gold will pay to the holders of New Gold DSUs, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of New Gold DSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold DSUs.

Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold DSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan governing such New Gold DSU) each New Gold DSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date).

Treatment of New Gold RSUs

Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold RSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the New Gold LTIP governing such New Gold RSU) each New Gold RSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be treated as follows:

· New Gold RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees: New Gold RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees ("Accelerated RSUs") will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). New Gold will pay to the holders of such Accelerated RSUs, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to them for their Accelerated RSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold RSUs. · New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees: New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be amended by multiplying each such New Gold RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of New Gold RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment (the "Revised New Gold RSUs"). Upon the vesting of such Revised New Gold RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised New Gold RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP, with reference to the trading price of the Coeur Shares rather than the New Gold Shares. Such Revised New Gold RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of the New Gold LTIP and any document evidencing the New Gold RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in the Plan of Arrangement).

- 47?-

Summary of Key Procedural Steps for the Arrangement to Become Effective

The Arrangement is proposed to be carried out under Division 5 of Part 9 of the BCBCA. The following procedural steps must be taken in order for the Arrangement to become effective:

(a) the Arrangement Resolution must be approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the Meeting in the manner set out in the Interim Order; (b) the Court must grant the Final Order approving the Arrangement on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement, and such order shall not have been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to either New Gold or Coeur, each acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise; (c) the Coeur Stockholder Approvals must be obtained at the Coeur Meeting in the manner required by the NYSE (with respect to the Coeur Stock Issuance) and the DGCL (with respect to the Coeur Charter Amendment); (d) the Coeur Charter Amendment must have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and be in full force and effect; (e) the Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and TSX (subject only to customary conditions); (f) the Regulatory Approvals must be obtained and must not be modified or rescinded; and (g) all other customary conditions precedent to the Arrangement, as set forth in the Arrangement Agreement, must be satisfied or waived by the appropriate Party.

There is no assurance that the conditions set out in the Arrangement Agreement will be satisfied or waived on a timely basis or at all. See "The Arrangement - The Plan of Arrangement" for additional details.

Directors

Following completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that the Combined Company's board of directors will consist of 11 directors, comprised of: Mitchell J. Krebs, J. Kenneth Thompson, Linda L. Adamany, Paramita Das, Pierre Beaudoin, N. Eric Fier, Jeane L. Hull, Eduardo Luna and Robert E. Mellor from Coeur, and Patrick Godin and one additional member of New Gold's Board. To ensure continuity at the board level, Patrick Godin and the additional director of New Gold will be appointed to the Coeur Board with effect immediately following the Effective Time. See Appendix I for more information.

Purpose of the Arrangement

The purpose of the Arrangement is to effect the business combination of New Gold and Coeur. Upon completion of the Arrangement, among other things, the Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares and New Gold will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur.

Background to the Arrangement

The Arrangement Agreement is the result of arm's length negotiations among representatives of New Gold and Coeur and their respective legal and financial advisors. The following is a summary of the principal events leading up to the execution of the Arrangement Agreement and the public announcement of the Arrangement.

The Company is primarily focused on the operation of the New Afton and Rainy River mines and pursuing internal growth opportunities through mine optimization and life extension. At the same time, the Board and management also consider external growth opportunities as part of the Company's overall corporate strategy with the goal of maximizing shareholder value. In that regard, the Board and management regularly assess the relative merits of New Gold's stand-alone business plan as compared to a wide range of potential alternatives, including acquisitions, business combinations, dispositions, partnerships and joint ventures, among others.

- 48?-

The Board and management discuss these external strategic opportunities on a quarterly basis, as well as in periodic strategy sessions, which include receiving updates and presentations from management and external advisors regarding strategic alternatives. In accordance with its corporate governance guidelines, each meeting of the Board (and, following its formation, the Special Committee) includes an in camera session attended solely by independent directors without members of management present. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, New Gold regularly engages with market participants, both strategic and financial, for the purpose of identifying potential opportunities for collaboration, joint ventures, asset acquisitions or dispositions and, in some cases, corporate-level transactions, all with a view to executing New Gold's strategic plan and enhancing shareholder value. In appropriate circumstances, New Gold enters into confidentiality agreements to facilitate strategic discussions and enable the exchange of non-public information.

Since the beginning of 2024, New Gold has engaged with several industry peers for the purpose of exploring potential value-enhancing strategic transactions. Where circumstances warranted, the Company entered into confidentiality agreements with certain parties to facilitate information sharing, due diligence and the discussion of potential transaction structures and terms.

In January 2024, following preliminary meetings between the parties, New Gold and an intermediate, publicly traded Canadian mining company ("Party A") entered into a confidentiality agreement to facilitate information sharing and due diligence.

In February 2024, at the BMO Metals, Mining & Critical Minerals Conference in Florida, among several other meetings scheduled by New Gold, Mr. Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer of New Gold, and Mr. Ankit Shah, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of New Gold, met with Mr. Mitchell Krebs, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Coeur, and Mr. Thomas Whelan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Coeur and held preliminary, high level discussions about the merits of a potential business combination between New Gold and Coeur.

On March 25, 2024, New Gold and Coeur entered into a mutual confidentiality agreement to further facilitate these discussions, information sharing and due diligence. That same day, Messrs. Godin and Shah also met with Messrs. Krebs and Whelan for dinner in Chicago to engage in further discussions regarding a potential transaction and framework.

During the period between these events and New Gold's regularly scheduled second quarter Board meeting on July 30, 2024, New Gold continued to facilitate discussions, information sharing and due diligence efforts with both Party A and Coeur. On June 14, 2024, technical and operations members of New Gold's management team conducted an in-depth presentation for Coeur's due diligence team on the technical aspects of each of its operations, exploration potential and life of mine plans. On July 15, 2024, Coeur's management team conducted a reciprocal, in-depth presentation for New Gold's due diligence team on the technical aspects and exploration potential of each of its operations. During this period, due diligence continued with Party A.

Also during this period, and as part of its overall strategy of creating shareholder value, New Gold announced a transaction with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan ("Ontario Teachers") on May 13, 2024 pursuant to which New Gold repurchased a portion of the royalty interest held by Ontario Teachers in the New Afton mine for a cash purchase price of $255 million which, on closing, increased New Gold's exposure at the New Afton mine to 80.1% from 54%. New Gold financed a portion of the purchase price by way of a "bought deal" equity financing of 100,395,000 New Gold Shares at a price of $1.72 per New Gold Share which raised aggregate gross proceeds of $172,679,400.

At the Board meeting on July 30, 2024, New Gold's management team updated the Board on the status of its discussions regarding a potential transaction with Coeur. Management also advised that after extensive due diligence and ongoing engagement held with Party A, Party A had determined to terminate discussions. After deliberation by the Board and discussion with management about the differing views of Coeur and New Gold regarding a framework for a transaction, the Board concluded that despite there being strategic merit to a potential transaction with Coeur, the inability of New Gold and Coeur to agree on a mutually acceptable transaction framework, including the approach to pricing and valuation, posed an obstacle to a strategic transaction at that time. Accordingly, New Gold and Coeur mutually determined to end talks in early August 2024.

- 49?-

Throughout the balance of 2024, New Gold continued to focus on its operations and pursuing internal growth opportunities, achieving commercial production at New Afton's C-Zone, delivering first ore from the Rainy River underground, and reporting strong exploration results at both sites. The Company maintained ordinary-course engagement with industry peers and reviewed several potential strategic growth opportunities, including the potential acquisition of a junior producing mining company with assets in Canada as well as the potential acquisition of junior development companies and properties within Canada and the United States. Another focus during this period was a refreshment of the Board. Richard O'Brien was appointed to the Board on March 25, 2024 and named Chair effective August 1, 2024. After Mr. O'Brien's appointment, three additional directors joined the Board and two directors departed between July and September 2024.

On October 4, 2024, Coeur and SilverCrest Metals Inc. ("SilverCrest") announced that they had entered into an arrangement agreement, pursuant to which a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur would acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares pursuant to a plan of arrangement under the BCBCA. Coeur completed its acquisition of SilverCrest on February 14, 2025.

In February 2025, New Gold's refreshed Board and management met for a strategy session to align on a new vision for the Company's future and a strategy to pursue growth through a focus on people, operational excellence and external growth opportunities in stable jurisdictions. The Board and management discussed internal and external growth strategies and opportunities as well as key criterion that would guide the Company in its pursuit of these strategies and in seeking out these opportunities. On completion of this session, the Board expressed support for this renewed and focused growth mandate and instructed management to pursue opportunities consistent with this approach, with a particular emphasis on potential transformational corporate transactions in precious metals and copper in North America.

In late February 2025, at the BMO Metals, Mining & Critical Minerals Conference in Florida, New Gold management held several other informal, ordinary course discussions with potential M&A counterparties, including with a private mining company ("Party B") whose Chief Executive Officer expressed interest in furthering discussions with New Gold with a view to a potential acquisition of New Gold by Party B.

In March 2025, Coeur expressed interest to New Gold in renewing dialogue on a possible transaction. On March 27, 2025, Mr. Godin and Mr. Krebs met for breakfast in Toronto to further discuss details of a conceptual framework for a transaction. As a result of these discussions, the parties agreed that they should amend and extend their confidentiality agreement to facilitate further due diligence and evaluation of a potential transaction.

On March 31, 2025, New Gold and Party B entered into a confidentiality agreement to facilitate the sharing of certain confidential information and allow Party B to conduct due diligence on New Gold.

On April 7, 2025, New Gold announced an agreement to repurchase the balance of Ontario Teachers' royalty in the New Afton mine for a cash payment of $300 million funded with cash on hand, borrowing from New Gold's existing revolving credit facility and a gold prepayment financing. This transaction was consistent with New Gold's internal growth strategy to consolidate its ownership of the New Afton mine to facilitate development opportunities at the mine. The Company also believed that the consolidation of 100% ownership in the New Afton mine would make the Company's future production and cash flow profile more attractive to potential transaction counterparties.

On April 17, 2025, New Gold and Coeur entered into an amended and restated confidentiality agreement to facilitate further due diligence and the evaluation of a potential transaction.

- 50?-

On April 23, 2025, technical and operations members of New Gold's management team conducted an in-depth presentation for Party B's due diligence team, including its financial advisors, on the technical aspects and operations of each of New Gold's mines, exploration potential and life of mine plans. Party B was also given access to a virtual data room and provided a financial model. New Gold and Party B agreed to continue discussions and facilitate due diligence review.

Following preliminary discussions in which the possibility of a strategic transaction was discussed, on April 28, 2025, New Gold and a publicly traded, intermediate mining company ("Party C") entered into a confidentiality agreement to facilitate information sharing and reciprocal due diligence.

On April 29, 2025, the Board convened its regular quarterly meeting with New Gold management. At that meeting, the Board discussed, among other things, the potential strategic transactions being considered with Coeur, Party B and Party C, and weighed the relative merits of each party alongside the progress of ongoing due diligence. Concluding that each option could advance the Company's long-term strategy, the Board recommended that management continue discussions and facilitate further due diligence with all three parties.

On May 5, 2025, New Gold and Party C made reciprocal management presentations regarding their respective operations, exploration potential and life of mine plans, and engaged in detailed discussions on the technical aspects of their respective operations. To support the evaluation, each party provided the other with access to virtual data rooms and shared financial models. Both parties agreed to continue their dialogue and to facilitate a reciprocal due diligence process.

On May 28, 2025, New Gold's management team made a presentation to Coeur's management team, which comprised, among other things, a preliminary view of the Company's long-term upside growth plans at each of its operations. Both parties agreed to continue the due diligence process and to coordinate site visits by representatives of Coeur to each of the New Afton and Rainy River Mines.

Between June 30 and July 2, 2025, representatives of Coeur and New Gold met at New Gold's New Afton mine in British Columbia and Coeur performed technical due diligence on site.

On July 25, 2025, the Board held a regular quarterly meeting. At that meeting, the Board discussed with management, among other things, the ongoing due diligence process with Coeur and Party C, as discussions with Party B had ended due to differing views of value. The Board considered the relative merits of each transaction framework and recommended that management continue discussions and facilitate further due diligence with both Coeur and Party C as the merits of each potential transaction aligned with the long-term strategic objectives established by the Board earlier in the year.

Following preliminary engagement by New Gold executives, on July 27, 2025, New Gold and a publicly traded, senior precious metals company ("Party D") entered into a confidentiality agreement to facilitate information sharing and reciprocal due diligence in connection with a possible strategic transaction. Several weeks later, on September 2, 2025, technical and operations members of New Gold's management team conducted an in-depth presentation for Party D's due diligence team on the technical aspects of each of its operations, exploration potential and life of mine plans.

Between August 11 and 13, 2025, representatives of Coeur met with representatives of New Gold at New Gold's Rainy River Mine in Ontario, and Coeur performed technical due diligence on site. Shortly following the site visit, on August 15, 2025, Mr. Godin and Mr. Krebs met in person at Coeur's Vancouver office to further discuss a potential transaction and technical findings resulting from Coeur's site visits to New Afton and Rainy River. Both Mr. Godin and Mr. Krebs agreed to continue discussions and the due diligence process.

In the days that followed, Mr. Krebs notified Mr. Godin that Coeur had held a strategic session and that it intended to submit a non-binding letter of intent to New Gold in early September.

On September 8, 2025, Mr. Krebs spoke with Mr. Godin via telephone. During that discussion, Mr. Krebs confirmed that a letter of intent would be forthcoming and outlined the merits of a potential business combination between New Gold and Coeur, including the strategic rationale for the combined business, governance considerations and other key terms that New Gold could expect to see in Coeur's proposal.

- 51?-

Later that day, New Gold received the non-binding letter of intent (the "LOI") from Coeur outlining a proposed business combination between Coeur and New Gold pursuant to which Coeur would acquire all of the shares of New Gold in exchange for newly issued shares of Coeur on the basis of 0.4939 Coeur Shares per New Gold Share pursuant to a court-approved plan of arrangement under the BCBCA. As of September 5, 2025, the last trading day prior to receiving the LOI, the consideration proposed in the LOI represented a price of $7.25 per New Gold Share or a premium of 15% to New Gold's closing price (approximately a 12% premium to New Gold's 20-day Volume Weighted Average Price ("VWAP")) and implied a pro forma ownership structure of approximately 62% for Coeur Stockholders and 38% for New Gold shareholders. The LOI also contemplated the addition of Mr. Godin and one other New Gold director to the Coeur Board as well as the granting by New Gold of a six week exclusivity period in order to complete due diligence and negotiate and execute definitive transaction agreements. The opportunity with Coeur contemplated by the LOI was consistent with the focus areas and key criteria of New Gold's February Board-approved growth strategy and was the first written proposal for a business combination transaction received by New Gold since the Company began exploring value-enhancing strategic transactions in early 2024, despite New Gold's significant engagement with multiple parties.

On September 9, 2025, senior management of New Gold met with National Bank Financial, the Company's financial advisor, Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP ("Davies"), counsel to the Company, and the three directors who would later form the Special Committee - Richard O'Brien (Chair), Ross Bhapu, and Nicholas Chirekos - to discuss the LOI and related matters. National Bank Financial reviewed the terms of the LOI, the strategic merits of a transaction, and the basis on which New Gold could make a counter-proposal to Coeur. The discussion included a review of the volatility in the share prices of Coeur and New Gold and the implications of that volatility for the fixed exchange ratio proposed in the LOI. National Bank Financial also previewed a draft of the materials to be presented to the Board at its meeting scheduled for the following day and invited comments from the directors in attendance and Davies.

On September 10, 2025, the Board, senior management, National Bank Financial and Davies met to discuss the LOI received from Coeur, including the merits of the proposed transaction, the proposed exchange ratio and the potential response by New Gold. Davies provided an overview of the fiduciary duties of directors in the context of a potential change of control transaction and related considerations applicable to various corporate stakeholders, and considerations relevant to the establishment of a special committee of the Board to oversee the negotiation of the potential transaction, which included a review of a form of special committee mandate that would be appropriate in the circumstances. National Bank Financial then gave a presentation regarding the preliminary financial analysis of the LOI, including the proposed exchange ratio and pro forma ownership of the Combined Company, and alternatives available. The Board also discussed with management and National Bank Financial the strategic merits of a transaction with Coeur. National Bank Financial affirmed that while the proposal tabled by Coeur was attractive and was being made at a time when New Gold Shares were trading at an all-time high, there was still a sound basis (including based on precedent transactions) upon which to make a counter-proposal seeking improved deal terms. National Bank Financial also discussed with the Board, among other things, the challenges of fixing an exchange ratio in light of the significant volatility in the market and the run-up in the gold and silver prices over the last several months.

The Board also received an update from management as to the status of discussions with Party C and Party D, with management noting that neither party was actively engaging with the Company in a meaningful way and neither had submitted a proposal. Party C, which initially indicated a desire to conduct due diligence on an expedited basis in furtherance of a potential transaction, slowed its due diligence efforts significantly and appeared to be focused on its own internal operations. Management also advised that discussions with Party D had progressed slowly, noting that the process of settling a confidentiality agreement and scheduling management presentations had taken several weeks and New Gold had not received any substantive follow-up from Party D since those presentations. National Bank Financial reviewed with the Board other prospective parties who might be in a position to transact with New Gold, and the reasons why they would not be expected to transact on terms comparable to those proposed by Coeur in the LOI on a timely basis, if at all.

- 52?-

After considering the advice of National Bank Financial, Davies and management, the Board determined that the proposed transaction contemplated by the LOI was worthy of evaluating further, but that a number of issues would need to be appropriately addressed before exclusivity was granted to Coeur. Among other things, the Board determined that it would be appropriate to seek enhancements to the proposed financial and governance terms in addition to seeking clarity on the scope and timing of Coeur's remaining due diligence. The Board formed a consensus as to the proposed response to the LOI and established the Special Committee with a mandate to, among other things, review and consider whether the proposed transaction with Coeur would be in the best interests of the Company including, if deemed advisable, negotiating the proposed transaction on behalf of the Company and considering any alternatives available to the Company in the circumstances. The Special Committee subsequently engaged Blake Cassels & Graydon LLP ("Blakes") as its legal counsel. The Special Committee advised that it would meet the following day to review and approve the draft of a response letter to the LOI consistent with the guidance provided by the Board.

On September 11, 2025, the Special Committee convened a meeting which was also attended by Blakes, Davies, National Bank Financial and members of New Gold senior management to further discuss the LOI and the proposed counter-proposal. The Special Committee also discussed the potential engagement of an independent financial advisor and considered potential candidates.

On September 11, 2025, following the Special Committee meeting, New Gold delivered a response to the LOI stating that the Board and Special Committee did not consider the proposal sufficiently attractive to warrant exclusivity, but that New Gold would be prepared to continue to engage on a non-exclusive basis in an effort to reach a proposal acceptable to the Board. The letter also proposed a framework for establishing an exchange ratio based on a 27% premium to the 20-day VWAP of New Gold and Coeur in order to mitigate against the stock price volatility that had been experienced in the preceding weeks. At the date of the response letter, New Gold's proposal would have yielded a pro forma ownership structure of approximately 59% for Coeur Stockholders and 41% for New Gold shareholders. Finally, New Gold proposed the addition of three New Gold directors to the Coeur Board, including Mr. Godin, and requested clarification on the scope and timing of Coeur's remaining due diligence.

On September 12, 2025, representatives of Coeur's financial advisor, BMO Capital Markets Corp. ("BMO Capital Markets") and National Bank Financial had a call to discuss the terms of the LOI and New Gold's response thereto.

On September 13, 2025, Mr. Krebs, Mr. Kenneth Thompson, Lead Independent Director for Coeur, Mr. Godin and Mr. O'Brien met for dinner in Denver, Colorado to discuss the terms of the LOI and New Gold's response. While all agreed as to the strategic merits of a transaction, Mr. Krebs made it clear that Coeur was not in a position to table a proposal with an exchange ratio that exceeded a 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAP of Coeur and New Gold at prevailing market prices. On September 15, representatives from BMO Capital Markets and National Bank Financial met in Denver, Colorado to discuss the respective proposals. During this discussion, and despite National Bank Financial's efforts to elicit a higher premium, BMO Capital Markets advised that Coeur was prepared to deliver a revised letter of intent which would set a framework to establish the exchange ratio at a 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAP of Coeur and New Gold at the time definitive transaction agreement would be signed.

On September 16, 2025, the Special Committee met with National Bank Financial, Blakes, Davies and senior management to discuss the feedback from BMO Capital Markets. At this meeting, the Special Committee and National Bank Financial discussed the merits of the revised proposal and considered the inherent volatility in the exchange ratio relative to a premium to the market price. Ultimately, following advice from National Bank Financial, the Special Committee determined to proceed with a framework to establish an exchange ratio on the basis of a 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAP, although the Special Committee recognized that it would need to continue monitoring trading prices to ensure that any transaction that was agreed to appropriately valued the Company. The Special Committee also determined that it would be appropriate to seek a one-year extension to the existing confidentiality agreement with Coeur and to require that the exclusivity period be made mutual. Mr. O'Brien advised that he would canvass the other directors for their feedback on the revised transaction terms. The Special Committee then reconvened later in the evening with National Bank Financial, Blakes, Davies and senior management following Mr. O'Brien's canvassing of the other directors. Mr. O'Brien confirmed that the directors were comfortable asking Coeur to deliver a revised LOI on the terms proposed, whereupon the Board would be in a position to evaluate the Coeur proposal in detail.

- 53?-

On September 17, 2025, Coeur delivered a revised letter of intent (the "Revised LOI") which included the proposed framework to establish an exchange ratio based on a 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAPs of Coeur and New Gold at the time of definitive agreement signing. The Revised LOI also proposed that New Gold would grant exclusivity to Coeur for a period of approximately six weeks and proposed that Mr. Godin and a second New Gold director to be identified later would join the Coeur Board. The Revised LOI implied a pro forma ownership structure of approximately 61% for Coeur Stockholders and 39% for Shareholders based on the prevailing New Gold and Coeur stock prices at that time, but was subject to change as stock prices moved. Also on September 17, 2025, Mr. Godin met with Mr. Krebs to understand the key diligence items that remained outstanding for Coeur and the expected timing for completion of that due diligence.

On September 18, 2025, the Board met with Davies, National Bank Financial and senior management to discuss the Revised LOI and the recommendation of the Special Committee from its September 16 meeting. During this meeting, Mr. Godin reported to the Board on his meeting with Mr. Krebs, the key diligence items identified by Coeur and his views on the terms of the Revised LOI. National Bank Financial then presented its financial analysis regarding the Revised LOI and Davies advised as to the process to obtain regulatory approvals for a proposed transaction. Mr. Godin also reviewed with the Board the status of discussions with the other parties that New Gold had engaged with and confirmed that the status of those negotiations was unchanged from his report to the Board on September 10, 2025. The Board with National Bank Financial also reviewed and revisited the likelihood of engagement from other potential transaction counterparties. The Board determined to make certain changes to the Revised LOI, including to make the proposed exclusivity period mutual, to better define the scope of the parties' remaining due diligence and to provide for the extension of the parties' mutual confidentiality agreement. The Board carefully considered the 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAP of the parties' respective share prices and determined to proceed on that basis, recognizing that the exchange ratio established in the definitive agreement would have to take into account the relative performance of New Gold and Coeur stock at that time. The Board then instructed the Special Committee to work with the advisors to prepare an updated draft of the Revised LOI to deliver to Coeur for its consideration.

On September 19, 2025, the Special Committee met with Blakes, Davies, National Bank Financial and senior management to discuss the proposed revisions to the Revised LOI reflecting the terms agreed at the September 18 Board meeting. The Special Committee also discussed retaining a second financial advisor to potentially provide an independent fairness opinion, under engagement terms where compensation of the advisor would not be contingent on a successful transaction. Following the meeting, the Special Committee instructed Mr. Godin to send the updated letter to Coeur later that day. On September 24, 2025, Coeur delivered to New Gold a further revised letter of intent (the "Third LOI") which substantially addressed the comments made by New Gold in its revised draft submitted to Coeur.

On September 25, 2025, the Special Committee met with Blakes, Davies, National Bank Financial and senior management of New Gold to review the Third LOI. The Special Committee instructed the advisors to submit a revised draft with minor changes which the Special Committee would be prepared to recommend to the Board. Later that day, New Gold submitted a revised draft of the Third LOI (the "Final LOI") which was accepted by Coeur and approved by the Board. The Special Committee also further discussed the retention of an independent financial advisor and instructed Mr. O'Brien to reach out to CIBC World Markets regarding a potential engagement.

The parties proceeded to sign the Final LOI on September 25, 2025, which provided for a mutual period of exclusivity ending on November 3, 2025. Based on the 20-day VWAPs of Coeur and New Gold for the period ending on September 25, 2025, the date on which the Final LOI was fully executed by both parties, the Final LOI implied an exchange ratio of 0.4836 and a pro forma ownership structure of approximately 62% for Coeur Stockholders and 38% for Shareholders. Thereafter, the parties proceeded to conduct reciprocal due diligence and negotiate the terms of the definitive arrangement agreement. This included periodic exchange of questions and answers between advisors and calls between Coeur, New Gold and their respective advisors to respond to various due diligence questions. New Gold also engaged technical and financial consultants as well as local counsel in the United States and Mexico to assist with its due diligence review of Coeur.

- 54?-

On September 26, 2025, Mr. O'Brien and Blakes met with representatives of CIBC World Markets regarding the advice that CIBC World Markets could provide with respect to the potential transaction as an independent financial advisor, including the provision of an independent fairness opinion.

Between September 29 and October 2, 2025, representatives of New Gold's management team conducted site visits to Coeur's Rochester mine in Nevada, and the Palmarejo and Las Chispas mines in Mexico. On October 8, 2025, Coeur's management gave detailed videoconference presentations to New Gold's technical due diligence team and answered questions regarding Coeur's Wharf and Kensington mines located in South Dakota and Alaska, respectively.

On October 3, 2025, the Special Committee met with senior management and Blakes to receive an update on due diligence, and to discuss the proposed terms of engagement from CIBC World Markets and the advice that would be sought from CIBC World Markets.

On October 12, 2025, Goodmans LLP ("Goodmans"), counsel to Coeur, sent an initial draft of the Arrangement Agreement to Davies and the parties proceeded to negotiate its terms over the ensuing weeks. Between October 12 and November 2, Davies and Goodmans exchanged drafts of the Arrangement Agreement and the related ancillary transaction agreements and participated in discussions to resolve and settle outstanding issues.

Between October 12 and 19, 2025, representatives from Coeur's technical and exploration teams conducted additional site visits to New Gold's New Afton and Rainy River mines.

On October 13, 2025, the Special Committee met with senior management, Blakes, Davies and National Bank Financial to receive an update on the status of the reciprocal due diligence and preliminary feedback regarding the terms of the initial draft of the Arrangement Agreement. The Special Committee also approved the engagement of CIBC World Markets as the Special Committee's independent financial advisor, representatives of which were in attendance at the meeting. CIBC World Markets' mandate included, among other things, providing a "long-form" fairness opinion on a fixed-fee basis in respect of the transaction with Coeur, if requested by the Special Committee. Following a discussion of the status of due diligence, it was noted that due to fluctuations in New Gold and Coeur stock prices, the pro forma ownership of the combined entity reflected by the exchange ratio framework would yield 36% for Shareholders and 64% for Coeur Stockholders. The Special Committee agreed that it would continue to monitor these movements, together with its advisors. Davies also shared with the Special Committee an analysis of the issues in the Arrangement Agreement to be presented to the Board on October 16.

On October 16, 2025, the Board held a meeting which was attended by senior management, Davies and National Bank Financial to receive an update on the status of the reciprocal due diligence and to receive a report from Davies on key open issues regarding the terms of the draft Arrangement Agreement and the proposed approach to negotiating those provisions. During this meeting, Davies discussed with the Board the key provisions of the Arrangement Agreements and certain key considerations which included, among other things, a review of deal risks and the means of mitigating those risks. National Bank Financial also provided an update on the trading performance of New Gold and Coeur and its impact on the 20-day VWAP and implied exchange ratio.

On October 23, 2025, the Special Committee met with senior management and representatives of CIBC World Markets and Blakes, in attendance. CIBC World Markets provided its initial financial analysis of a potential business combination with Coeur. The Special Committee discussed the recent trading performance of New Gold and Coeur and the implications for the economics of a fixed premium, and determined that it was not the appropriate time to seek a revision to the proposed terms, while noting that the matter could be revisited following the release by each of New Gold and Coeur of its respective third quarter results the following week.

On October 26, 2025, the Special Committee met with representatives of senior management, CIBC World Markets, National Bank Financial and Blakes to receive an update on the proposed transaction with Coeur. The Special Committee reviewed the recent movements in the share prices of New Gold and Coeur and discussed the implications of such movements for the proposed exchange ratio and the premium to market. In light of prevailing trading dynamics and anticipated market reactions to quarterly results, the Special Committee concluded that, at the appropriate time, the exchange ratio would need to be revisited to ensure appropriate value attribution as between New Gold and Coeur shareholders.

- 55?-

On October 28, 2025, the Board held a regularly scheduled meeting to approve its quarterly financial results and press release. Senior management, Davies and National Bank Financial were also in attendance to provide the Board with an update on the status of reciprocal due diligence, financial analysis from National Bank Financial and the current status of key open issues on the Arrangement Agreement. As part of the financial analysis, National Bank Financial highlighted for the Board that the 17.5% premium to the 20-day VWAP of Coeur and New Gold now implied a pro forma ownership structure of approximately 66% for Coeur Stockholders and 34% for Shareholders, underscoring the likely need to re-engage with Coeur on the exchange ratio.

After the close of markets on October 28, 2025, New Gold reported financial and operating results for the quarter and nine-months ended September 30, 2025, with third quarter production of 115,213 ounces of gold and 12 million pounds of copper, at an operating expense of $874 per gold ounce sold (co-product basis) and all-in sustaining costs of $966 per gold ounce sold (by-product basis). In addition, record quarterly production at Rainy River contributed to strong cash flow from operations of $301 million and record quarterly free cash flow of $205 million, highlighted by a record $183 million of quarterly free cash flow from Rainy River.7

After the close of markets on October 29, 2025, Coeur reported record third quarter 2025 financial results, including revenue of $555 million and cash flow from operating activities of $238 million and record quarterly net income from continuing operations of $267 million, or $0.41 per share.

On October 30, 2025, the Special Committee met with senior management and representatives from Blakes and CIBC World Markets to review the status of negotiations with Coeur in light of the parties' respective third quarter results and recent trading dynamics. The Special Committee received updated financial analyses regarding the proposed exchange ratio and premium to market, discussed likely shareholder expectations and the implications of alternative premium constructs, and considered the appropriate framework for resolving the exchange ratio consistent with the parties' prior letters of intent. The Special Committee also discussed certain commercial terms, including deal protection mechanisms and risk allocation. Following deliberations, the Special Committee determined to recommend to the Board that the Company seek adjustments to the economics of the transaction to achieve a pro forma split between Coeur and Shareholders that was more in-line with the Coeur's original proposal.

Later in the evening on October 30, 2025, representatives of BMO Capital Markets contacted representatives of National Bank Financial during which the financial advisors discussed the status of various open issues and the fact that the parties may need to revisit the proposed framework for establishing the exchange ratio in light of recent trading prices.

On October 31, 2025, the Board met with members of New Gold's senior management, Davies and National Bank Financial to receive an update regarding discussions on key deal terms and the impact of recent trading on the proposed framework to establish the exchange ratio. National Bank Financial provided a transaction update which included the impact of the trading price of New Gold and Coeur on the implied exchange ratio. National Bank Financial remarked that at the time that the Final LOI was entered into, New Gold had opted for a fixed 20-day VWAP in order to mitigate against daily price volatility. However, extremely volatile trading prices coupled with material news events in the form of each party's third quarter financial results have rendered prior trading irrelevant, suggesting a need to re-open the pricing and exchange ratio discussion. After canvassing potential approaches with the advisors and receiving the Special Committee's recommendation, the Board instructed Mr. Godin to contact Mr. Krebs and propose an exchange ratio that was reflective of a 17.5% premium to the close of New Gold's stock price on the NYSE American on October 31, which was expected to bring the pro forma ownership in-line with what the proposal in the original LOI. Mr. Godin was also instructed to seek resolution on the outstanding key deal terms.

7 "Free cash flow" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non- GAAP Measures" for further information.

- 56?-

Shortly following that meeting, Mr. Godin spoke with Mr. Krebs to communicate the Special Committee's proposal regarding the exchange ratio and advise as to the Company's position on the outstanding key deal terms.

Following the close of markets that day, Mr. Krebs contacted Mr. Godin and proposed a premium of 16% to New Gold's closing price on the NYSE American on October 31, 2025 (implying an exchange ratio of 0.4959 Coeur Shares per New Gold Share) and advised that the Coeur Board would not proceed at a premium in excess of that amount. Mr. Krebs and Mr. Godin also further discussed the potential resolution of the outstanding key deal terms in the Arrangement Agreement.

Later that evening, following Mr. Krebs' call to Mr. Godin, the Special Committee met with members of senior management, Davies, National Bank Financial and CIBC World Markets to discuss Coeur's proposal. After deliberation and consultation with its financial and legal advisors, the Special Committee determined to recommend that the Board proceed on the basis of the 0.4959 exchange ratio proposed by Coeur, which implied a pro forma ownership structure of approximately 62% for Coeur Stockholders and 38% for Shareholders, representing a slight increase to the exchange ratio and an increase in value of 17% over the value ascribed to the consideration in the initial LOI tabled by Coeur on September 8, 2025.

The Board then met on the morning of November 1, 2025 with members of senior management and New Gold's financial and legal advisors to receive the update from the Special Committee and its recommendation regarding the exchange ratio. Mr. Godin also reported on the remaining outstanding issues in the Arrangement Agreement. After deliberation and consultation with its financial and legal advisors, the Board determined to accept the Special Committee's recommendation regarding the exchange ratio and instructed management and the advisors to seek to finalize the terms of the Arrangement Agreement with Coeur and its advisors.

In the morning of November 2, 2025, the Special Committee convened a meeting which was also attended by the other directors, members of senior management, CIBC World Markets, Blakes and Davies. Davies provided a presentation summarizing the key terms of the Arrangement Agreement, and the questions of the Special Committee and Board members regarding the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement were addressed by senior management and Davies to the satisfaction of the Special Committee and the other directors in attendance. Mr. Godin advised that the remaining outstanding issues under the Arrangement Agreement had been resolved in a discussion with Mr. Krebs earlier that day, subject to legal counsel for Coeur and New Gold agreeing on the wording in the Arrangement Agreement. Mr. Godin summarized the agreed position on each issue and responded to questions from the directors.

CIBC World Markets made presentations setting out its financial analysis, whereupon CIBC World Markets provided its oral opinion that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the New Gold shareholders. Following delivery of CIBC World Markets' opinion, the Special Committee reviewed the Arrangement Agreement with Davies and CIBC World Markets. After discussion, careful deliberation, and further consultation with its financial and legal advisors, the Special Committee unanimously determined that the Arrangement is fair and reasonable to the Shareholders and in the best interests of New Gold and resolved to recommend that the Board so approve the Arrangement Agreement and recommend that shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution.

Immediately following the Special Committee meeting, the Board convened a meeting with National Bank Financial, CIBC World Markets, Davies and senior management in attendance. National Bank Financial presented its financial analysis of the transaction to the Board and provided its oral opinion that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Shareholders. Davies provided an update to the Board on the Arrangement Agreement, confirming that any outstanding points had been addressed to the satisfaction of legal counsel and senior management. The Board received the report and recommendation of the Special Committee that the Board approve the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement and recommend that the Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution.

- 57?-

After discussion, careful deliberation, and further consultation with its financial and legal advisors, the Board considered the fairness opinions, the recommendation of the Special Committee, and the benefits and risks of the potential combination. Satisfied that the benefits of the Arrangement outweighed the risks, the Board unanimously determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Shareholders and is in the best interests of the Company, and unanimously resolved to recommend that the Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution.

Later that evening, following the Board's approval, the parties executed and delivered the Arrangement Agreement, and the directors and officers of each of Coeur and New Gold executed and delivered the Support and Voting Agreements.

Prior to the opening of markets on November 3, 2025, New Gold and Coeur issued a joint news release publicly announcing the execution of the Arrangement Agreement and the proposed Arrangement that would combine the businesses of New Gold and Coeur. As announced by the parties on November 3, 2025, the exchange ratio of 0.4959 shares of Coeur for each New Gold Share implied consideration of $8.51 per New Gold Share representing a 16% premium to the October 31, 2025 closing price of New Gold on the NYSE American, representing incremental value of $1.26 (or approximately 17%) relative to the per-share value offered in the original LOI. Upon completion of the transaction, existing Coeur Stockholders and Shareholders will own approximately 62% and 38% of the outstanding shares of the Combined Company, respectively.

Recommendation of the Special Committee

After careful consideration of the terms of the Arrangement and alternatives thereto, including the prospect of proceeding independently to pursue the Company's current business plan, consideration of briefings from senior management, consultations with its legal and financial advisors, receipt of the Fairness Opinions and such other matters as it considered necessary, the Special Committee unanimously:

· determined that the Arrangement is in the best interests of New Gold and is fair to the Shareholders; and · recommended that the Board approve the Arrangement and recommend that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

Recommendation of the Board

The Board, having undertaken a thorough review of, and having carefully considered the terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement, and after consulting with its financial and legal advisors, including having received and taken into account the Fairness Opinions, the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee and such other matters as it considered necessary and relevant, including the factors set out in this Circular under the heading "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board", unanimously:

· determined that the Arrangement and the entry into the Arrangement Agreement are in the best interests of New Gold; · determined that the Arrangement is fair to the Shareholders; · approved the Arrangement Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and · recommends that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board

In the course of their evaluation of the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board considered a number of factors, including those listed below, with the benefit of input from New Gold's senior management, and the financial advisors and legal counsel to the Company and the Special Committee.

- 58?-

The following is a summary of the principal reasons for the unanimous recommendation of the Board that Shareholders VOTE FOR the Arrangement Resolution:

· Creation of a Premier Precious Metals Producer. The Board believes that the Arrangement will create a premier precious metals producer, which is expected to provide a number of benefits to Shareholders through their ownership of the Combined Company: o Creates a Leading, All North American-Based Precious Metals Producer. The Arrangement creates a 100% North American senior mining company with an implied pro forma combined equity market capitalization of approximately $20 billion as of the signing of the Arrangement Agreement, seven high-quality operations with estimated production of approximately 1.25 million gold equivalent ounces in 2026, including 20 million ounces of silver, 900,000 ounces of gold and 100 million pounds of copper, over 80% of its revenue generated from the U.S. and Canada, and sector-leading free cash flow. o The Combined Company is Expected to Have Significant Combined EBITDA and Free Cash Flow. The Combined Company is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of EBITDA8 and approximately $2.0 billion of free cash flow9 in 2026. o Greater Exposure to Long Life, Low Risk North American Assets and Increased Reserve and Resource Profile. The Combined Company provides Shareholders with exposure to a portfolio of long-life operations with mine life and resources expected to extend well beyond the current mine life of New Gold's existing two mines. This enhances resilience, reduces exposure to any single asset, and supports sustainable free cash flow going forward. o Strengthened Financial Position. The Combined Company is expected to have a strong free cash flow profile and a net cash position at closing with a rapidly growing cash balance, creating a clear path toward a potential investment-grade credit rating and to higher levels of shareholder returns. o Robust, Fully-Funded Growth Pipeline. The Combined Company's strong financial position is expected to accelerate investment in multiple potential high-return organic growth opportunities including New Afton's K-Zone, brownfield exploration at Rainy River, and exploration and mine life extension opportunities across all of Coeur's existing high-quality portfolio in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. The Board believes the Combined Company's robust financial strength and flexibility, along with its extensive underground mining expertise, will allow it to unlock additional potential at New Afton and Rainy River. o Enhanced Sector and Capital Market Profile and Liquidity. The Combined Company is expected to rank among the top 10 largest precious metals companies and top five global silver producers with silver representing approximately 30% of the Combined Company's total mineral reserves. This enhanced scale is expected to provide investors with significantly enhanced daily trading liquidity of over $380 million with the potential for inclusion in key major U.S. indexes. Shareholders will also receive enhanced trading liquidity and capital markets exposure with a NYSE listing combined with the new TSX listing of the Coeur Shares.

8 "EBITDA" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures" for further information.

9 "Free cash flow" is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the information under the heading "Non- GAAP Measures" for further information.

- 59?-

o Valuation Re-rating Potential. The strategic and financial benefits from the Arrangement (i.e., greater free cash flow, longer reserve life, lower risk and improved liquidity) are expected to position the Combined Company for a valuation re-rating. o Enhanced Leadership Team and Board of Directors. The Combined Company will be led by an experienced senior executive team, comprised of leadership from both Coeur and New Gold, with a wealth of industry knowledge and complementary expertise in developing and operating open pit and underground mines. This team is expected to create a stronger and more resilient organization. Additionally, current New Gold President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Patrick Godin, and one other current New Gold director will join the Coeur Board upon completion of the Arrangement. o Reduced Risk Through Asset Diversification. Compared to New Gold's current dependency on two operating mines, the Combined Company will have a broader, more balanced portfolio, and enhanced technical capabilities to improve resilience and strategic flexibility and reduce overall operating risk. · Shareholders Continue to Participate in the Operations and Growth of the Combined Company. Immediately following completion of the Arrangement, Shareholders will own approximately 38% of the Combined Company, retaining meaningful exposure to future upside at New Afton and Rainy River, the well-balanced portfolio of mines in North America of the Combined Company and the benefits described above. · Transaction Yields Implied 16% Premium to the Unaffected Share Price. The Exchange Ratio implied a consideration of approximately $8.51 per New Gold Share based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares on the NYSE on October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement, representing a 16% premium to the closing price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American on the same date. While the share prices have continued to fluctuate since announcement, the ownership split, which the Board believes is fair and appropriate in light of the contribution from the two entities, is fixed. · Support of Directors and Officers. After consultation with its financial and legal advisors, and after review of other potential strategic opportunities reasonably available to New Gold, including the continued execution of its stand-alone business plan, in each case taking into account the potential benefits, risks and uncertainties associated with those other opportunities, the Special Committee and the Board believe that the Arrangement represents New Gold's best alternative for maximizing shareholder value. In addition, all of New Gold's directors and officers have entered into the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to support the Arrangement and to vote all of their New Gold Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution. · Receipt of Fairness Opinions from Each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial. The Special Committee and the Board have received fairness opinions from each of CIBC World Markets and National Bank Financial, each to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders. See "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions". · Comprehensive Arm's Length Negotiations. The terms of the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement are the result of a comprehensive negotiation process, undertaken with the oversight and participation of New Gold's and the Special Committee's financial and legal advisors. · High Quality Jurisdictions with Established Permitting Track Records. The Arrangement brings together two companies with similar cultures to create a stronger, more resilient, and larger scale precious metals mining company with a portfolio that is predominantly in the U.S. and Canada, jurisdictions with established regulatory frameworks and permitting requirements, supporting lower geopolitical risk, capital efficiency and asset reliability.

- 60?-

· Other Factors. The Board also considered the Arrangement with reference to the financial condition and results of operations of New Gold, as well as its prospects, strategic alternatives and competitive position, including the risks involved in advancing its stand-alone business plan and pursuing those alternatives, New Gold's financial position, historical trading prices of the New Gold Shares and the Coeur Shares and the merits of pursuing a business combination transaction with a strategic party that would create a larger, more liquid company.

In making their determinations and recommendations, the Special Committee and the Board also observed the procedural safeguards that protect the interests of New Gold, the Shareholders and New Gold's other stakeholders, including, among others:

· Role of Independent Directors. The Arrangement was reviewed and evaluated by the Special Committee, comprised of members of the Board who are independent of all relevant parties, including Coeur, New Gold and management of New Gold, and who retained independent legal counsel and an independent financial advisor. Following consultation with its legal and financial advisors and receipt of the Fairness Opinions, the Special Committee unanimously determined that the Arrangement is in the best interests of New Gold and is fair to the Shareholders and unanimously recommended that the Board approve the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement. · Ability to Respond to Superior Proposals. Notwithstanding the limitations contained in the Arrangement Agreement on New Gold's ability to solicit interest from third parties, the Arrangement Agreement provides that New Gold may, subject to customary conditions, engage in discussions and negotiations regarding any unsolicited Acquisition Proposal received prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a New Gold Superior Proposal. · Reasonable Termination Payment. The Board believes that the New Gold Termination Payment, which is payable in certain circumstances described under "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement" a third party from potentially making a New Gold Superior Proposal. · Reasonable and Reciprocal Terms of the Arrangement Agreement. Key terms of the Arrangement Agreement, including non-solicitation covenants, termination triggers and expense reimbursement amounts and triggers, are reciprocal between New Gold and Coeur, while the termination fee amounts are based on the respective equity values of each, and all such terms are reasonable in the judgment of the Special Committee and the Board having regard to market practice for similar transactions. · Shareholder Approval. The Arrangement must be approved by the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast on the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes of Mr. Godin (as required by MI 61-101) and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101 - Minority Approval Requirements" in this Circular. · Court and Regulatory Approvals. The Arrangement must be approved by the Court, which will consider, among other things, the substantive and procedural fairness and the rights and interests of affected stakeholders. The Arrangement Agreement also contains a condition precedent that all Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained prior to closing. · Dissent Rights. Any registered Shareholders entitled to vote on the Arrangement may exercise Dissent Rights and is entitled to be paid fair value for its New Gold Shares as determined by a Court, subject to strict compliance with all requirements applicable to the exercise of Dissent Rights. See "Dissent Rights of Shareholders".

In making their determinations and recommendations with respect to the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board also considered a number of potential risks and potential negative factors, which the Special Committee and the Board concluded were outweighed by the positive substantive and procedural factors of the Arrangement described above, including the following and the risks described under the heading "Risk Factors":

- 61?-

· the risks to New Gold if the Arrangement is not completed, including the costs to New Gold in pursuing the Arrangement, the significant attention required of management to implement the Arrangement, restrictions on the conduct of New Gold's business prior to completion of the Arrangement, and the potential impact on New Gold's current business operations and relationships (including with current and prospective employees, customers, distributors, suppliers and partners); · conditions to Coeur's obligation to complete the Arrangement and the right of Coeur to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances; · the limitations in the Arrangement Agreement on New Gold's ability to solicit interest from third parties, as mitigated by the provisions in the Arrangement Agreement that provide that New Gold may, subject to customary conditions, engage in discussions or negotiations regarding any unsolicited Acquisition Proposal received prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a Superior Proposal; · the New Gold Termination Payment payable to Coeur, including if New Gold enters into an agreement in respect of a New Gold Superior Proposal to acquire New Gold, or that New Gold could be required to reimburse Coeur's expenses up to $33,965,000; and · the risk that the Coeur Shares to be issued as consideration are based on a fixed Exchange Ratio and will not be adjusted based on fluctuations in the market value of New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares.

The foregoing summary of the information and factors considered by the Special Committee and the Board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material information and factors considered by the Special Committee and the Board in their consideration of the Arrangement. In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information considered in connection with the Board's evaluation of the Arrangement, the Special Committee and the Board did not find it practicable to and did not quantify or otherwise attempt to assign any relative weight to each of the specific factors considered in reaching their conclusions and recommendations. In addition, individual members of the Special Committee and the Board may have assigned different weights to different factors in reaching their own conclusion as to the fairness of the Arrangement.

The Board's and Special Committee's reasons for recommending the Arrangement include certain assumptions relating to forward-looking information, and such information and assumptions are subject to various risks. This information should be read in light of the factors described under the heading "Risk Factors" below.

Fairness Opinions

CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion

The Special Committee entered into an engagement letter with CIBC World Markets, independent financial advisor to the Special Committee, pursuant to which, among other things, CIBC World Markets agreed to prepare and deliver a "long form" opinion, addressed to the Special Committee, as to the fairness of the Consideration, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders.

At a meeting of the Special Committee held on November 2, 2025, the Special Committee received an oral version of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion from CIBC World Markets, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications described therein, the Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders.

- 62?-

The full text of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion, which sets forth, among other things, the credentials and independence of CIBC World Markets, the information reviewed and matters considered, and the assumptions, limitations and qualifications of CIBC World Markets in connection with rendering its opinion, and the methodologies applied in rendering its opinion, is attached to this Circular as Appendix E. The CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion does not constitute, and should not be construed as, a recommendation as to how any Shareholder should vote or otherwise act with respect to any matters relating to the Arrangement, or whether to proceed with the Arrangement or any related transaction. The CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion is among a number of factors taken into consideration by the Board in considering the Arrangement. This summary of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion, and Shareholders are urged to read the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion in its entirety.

The CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion was rendered on the basis of securities markets, economic, financial and general business conditions prevailing as at the date of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion and the respective conditions and prospects, financial and otherwise, of each of New Gold and Coeur, as applicable, as they were reflected in the information and documents reviewed by CIBC World Markets, and as they were represented to CIBC World Markets in its discussions with the management of New Gold and its affiliates and advisors. Subsequent developments may affect the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion. CIBC World Markets has disclaimed any obligation to update its CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion or to advise any person of any change affecting the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion which may come or be brought to the attention of CIBC World Markets after the date of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion. The CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion does not address the relative merits of the Arrangement as compared to other transactions or business strategies that might be available to New Gold.

CIBC World Markets acted as independent financial advisor to the Special Committee in connection with the Arrangement. Under the engagement letter with CIBC World Markets, New Gold agreed to pay CIBC World Markets a fixed fee for the delivery of the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion to the Special Committee. No amount of the fee payable to CIBC World Markets was or is contingent on the conclusions reached in the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion or on the outcome of the Arrangement. New Gold has also agreed to indemnify CIBC World Markets and certain related persons against certain liabilities in connection with its engagement and to reimburse CIBC World Markets for reasonable fees and expenses incurred by it in connection with services rendered under its engagement letter. The Special Committee took the foregoing fee structure into account when considering the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion.

In the ordinary course of its business and unrelated to the Arrangement, CIBC World Markets and certain of its affiliates act as traders and dealers, both as principal and agent, in major financial markets and, as such, may have had and may in the future have positions in the securities of one or more of the parties to the Arrangement and, from time to time, may have executed transactions on behalf of one or more of the parties to the Arrangement for which CIBC World Markets or such affiliates received or may receive compensation. As investment dealers, CIBC World Markets and certain of its affiliates conduct research on securities and may, in the ordinary course of business and unrelated to the Arrangement, provide research reports and investment advice to clients on investment matters, including with respect to one or more of the parties to the Arrangement.

National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion

New Gold entered into an engagement letter with National Bank Financial, financial advisor to New Gold, pursuant to which, among other things, National Bank Financial agreed to prepare and deliver the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion addressed to the Board, as to the fairness of the Consideration, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders.

At a meeting of the Board held on November 2, 2025, the Board received an oral version of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion from National Bank Financial, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications described therein, the Consideration to be received by the Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders.

- 63?-

The full text of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion, which sets forth, among other things, the credentials and independence of National Bank Financial, the assumptions made, information reviewed and matters considered, and the limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken by National Bank Financial in connection with its opinion, is attached to this Circular as Appendix F. The National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any Shareholder should vote in respect of the Arrangement. In addition, the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion does not address the relative merits of the Arrangement as compared to other business strategies or transactions that might be available with respect to New Gold or New Gold's underlying business decision to effect the Arrangement or any other term or aspect of the Arrangement or the Arrangement Agreement or any other agreement entered into or amended in connection with the Arrangement. The National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion is among a number of factors taken into consideration by the Board in considering the Arrangement. This summary of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion, and Shareholders are urged to read the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion in its entirety.

The National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion was rendered on the basis of securities markets, economic and general business and financial conditions prevailing as at the date of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion and the conditions and prospects, financial and otherwise, of New Gold and Coeur, as applicable, as they were reflected in the information and documents reviewed by National Bank Financial, and as they were represented to National Bank Financial, in its discussions with the management and the directors of New Gold. National Bank Financial has disclaimed any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any change in any fact or matter affecting the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion which may come or be brought to the attention of National Bank Financial after the date of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion.

Under the engagement letter with National Bank Financial, New Gold has agreed to pay National Bank Financial a fee for its services, including a fixed fee for the delivery of the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion, regardless of its conclusions, and a fee conditional upon the successful completion of the Arrangement. New Gold has also agreed to indemnify National Bank Financial and certain related persons against certain liabilities in connection with its engagement and to reimburse National Bank Financial for reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection with services rendered under its engagement letter. The Board took the foregoing fee structure into account when considering the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion.

National Bank Financial is a full service securities firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and financial advisory services and that in the ordinary course of its trading and brokerage activities, National Bank Financial and its affiliates may: (a) hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account or the accounts of customers, in debt or equity securities of New Gold, Coeur, or any other company that may be involved in the Arrangement or related derivative securities in any capacity; (b) conduct research on securities and may, in the ordinary course of business, provide research reports and investment advice to clients on investment matters, including with respect to any such person and/or the Arrangement; and (c) in the normal course of business, act as financial advisor, lender, underwriter or in other capacities for third parties that may be competitors, equityholders, creditors, suppliers or clients of New Gold.

The Plan of Arrangement

The Plan of Arrangement sets out the steps and actions by which the Arrangement will be effected. The following is a summary only of the steps that will occur under the Plan of Arrangement on the Effective Date if all conditions to the completion of the Arrangement have been satisfied or waived. The following description of steps is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan of Arrangement, which is attached as Appendix D to this Circular.

- 64?-

Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, commencing at the Effective Time, the following will occur sequentially in the following order, with each such step after the first occurring five minutes after the preceding step (except where otherwise indicated), and without any further authorization, act or formality on the part of any person:

(a) New Gold DSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold DSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan governing such New Gold DSU) each New Gold DSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). New Gold will pay to the holders of New Gold DSUs, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of New Gold DSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold DSUs. (b) New Gold PSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold PSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of New Gold LTIP governing such New Gold PSU) each New Gold PSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from New Gold to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date) and the Plan of Arrangement. For the avoidance of doubt: (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the Value Determination Date for each New Gold PSU shall be determined based on the terms of New Gold LTIP; and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the Value Determination Date for each New Gold PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of Continuing Employees; or (ii) 150% in the case of Non-Continuing Employees (as prescribed by the New Gold LTIP). New Gold will pay to the holders of New Gold PSUs, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of New Gold PSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold PSUs. (c) New Gold RSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which New Gold RSUs might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of New Gold LTIP governing such New Gold RSU) each New Gold RSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any person, be treated as follows: (i) the Accelerated RSUs will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of New Gold LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). New Gold will pay to the holders of such Accelerated RSUs, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to them for their Accelerated RSUs in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold RSUs. (ii) (A) New Gold RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be amended by multiplying each such New Gold RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of New Gold RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment; (B) upon the vesting of such Revised New Gold RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised New Gold RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of New Gold LTIP, with reference to the trading price of the Coeur Shares rather than the New Gold Shares; and (C) such Revised New Gold RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of New Gold LTIP and any document evidencing the New Gold RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in the Plan of Arrangement).

- 65?-

(d) New Gold Options. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a New Gold Option might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the applicable New Gold Option Plan governing such New Gold Option), each New Gold Option shall, without any further action by or on behalf of a holder, be deemed to be fully vested and shall be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof, free and clear of any Liens, to New Gold, and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount equal to the Cash Out Value for such New Gold Option (less any applicable withholding in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement) determined as at the Value Determination Date, whereupon the name of the holder of such New Gold Option shall be removed from the register of New Gold Options maintained by New Gold, and the New Gold Option Plan and each New Gold Option shall immediately be cancelled and all agreements relating to the New Gold Options shall be terminated and shall be of no further force and effect. New Gold will pay to the holders of New Gold Options, through the payroll systems of New Gold, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of New Gold Options in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, in respect of such New Gold Options. (e) Each Dissent Share shall be and shall be deemed to be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof without any further act or formality on its part, free and clear of all Liens, to New Gold in accordance with, and for the consideration contemplated in, the Plan of Arrangement, and: (i) such Dissenting Shareholder shall cease to be, and shall be deemed to cease to be, the registered holder of each such Dissent Share and the name of such registered holder shall be, and shall be deemed to be, removed from the central securities register of New Gold in respect of each such Dissent Share, and at such time each Dissenting Shareholder will have only the rights set out in the Plan of Arrangement; (ii) such Dissenting Shareholder shall be deemed to have executed and delivered all consents, releases, assignments and waivers, statutory or otherwise, required to transfer and assign each such Dissent Share; and (iii) New Gold shall be the holder of all of the outstanding Dissent Shares, free and clear of all Liens, and the central securities register of New Gold shall be revised accordingly. (f) Each Shareholder, other than a Dissenting Shareholder, shall transfer and assign such Shareholder's New Gold Shares, free and clear of any Liens, to the Purchaser in exchange for the Consideration for each such New Gold Share so transferred, and in respect of the New Gold Shares so transferred: (i) the registered holder thereof shall cease to be, and shall be deemed to cease to be, the registered holder of each such New Gold Share and the name of such registered holder shall be removed from the central securities register of New Gold; (ii) the registered holder thereof shall be deemed to have executed and delivered all consents, releases, assignments and waivers, statutory or otherwise, required to transfer and assign each such New Gold Share; and (iii) the Purchaser shall be the holder of all of the outstanding New Gold Shares, free and clear of all Liens, and the central securities register of New Gold shall be revised accordingly.

All Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement shall be deemed to be validly issued and outstanding as fully paid and non-assessable shares.

Procedure for Exchange of New Gold Shares and Letter of Transmittal

Enclosed with this Circular as sent to registered Shareholders is the Letter of Transmittal which, when properly completed and duly executed and returned to the Depositary together with a share certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing New Gold Shares and all other required documents in accordance with the instructions in the Letter of Transmittal, will enable each registered Shareholder to receive the Coeur Shares to which such Shareholder is entitled as Consideration under the Arrangement.

- 66?-

The Letter of Transmittal sets out the details to be followed by each registered Shareholder (other than Dissenting Shareholders) for delivering the share certificate(s) or DRS Advice held by such registered Shareholder to the Depositary. In order to receive the certificates or the DRS Advice representing Coeur Shares which the registered Shareholder is entitled to receive on completion of the Arrangement, registered Shareholders must deposit with the Depositary (at the address specified on the last page of the Letter of Transmittal) the applicable validly completed and duly signed Letter of Transmittal together with the share certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing the registered Shareholder's New Gold Shares and such other documents and instruments as Coeur or the Depositary may reasonably require.

Provided that a registered Shareholder has returned a properly completed and executed Letter of Transmittal and has presented and surrendered the share certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing such registered Shareholder's New Gold Shares to the Depositary, together with such other documents and instruments as Coeur or the Depositary may reasonably require as set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, the Depositary will cause the Coeur Shares to be issued to such Shareholder as Consideration under the Arrangement, less any applicable Tax withholdings pursuant to the Arrangement, following the Effective Time. The Coeur Shares issued as Consideration under the Arrangement will be either: (a) issued and mailed in accordance with the instructions provided by the registered Shareholder in its Letter of Transmittal; (b) held for pick-up at the offices of the Depositary if directed by the registered Shareholder in its Letter of Transmittal; or (c) if no instructions are provided by the registered Shareholder in the Letter of Transmittal, issued in the name of the registered Shareholder and mailed to the address of the registered Shareholder as it appears in the register of Shareholders of New Gold.

A registered Shareholder that does not deposit a properly completed and executed Letter of Transmittal with the Depositary or who does not surrender the share certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing such registered Shareholder's New Gold Shares in accordance with the Letter of Transmittal or does not otherwise comply with the requirements of the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions therein will not receive Coeur Shares issued as Consideration under the Arrangement until the registered Shareholder deposits with the Depositary a properly completed and executed Letter of Transmittal and the certificate(s) or DRS Advice representing the registered Shareholder's New Gold Shares.

If the Arrangement is not completed, the Letter of Transmittal and the tax instruction letter will be of no effect and the Depositary will return all deposited share certificate(s) to the registered Shareholder as soon as possible. The Letter of Transmittal is also available on New Gold's website at www.newgold.com or on New Gold's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Additional copies of the Letters of Transmittal will also be available from the Depositary at corporateactions@computershare.com or at 320 Bay Street, 14th Floor, Toronto, Ontario M5H 4A6.

Only registered Shareholders are required to submit a Letter of Transmittal. The exchange of New Gold Shares for the Consideration Shares in respect of any non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder is expected to be made with the intermediary (i.e., the broker, investment dealer, bank, trust company, custodian, nominee or other intermediary) of the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder's intermediary account through the procedures in place for such purposes between CDS or DTC and such intermediary, as applicable, with no further action required by the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder. Any non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder whose New Gold Shares are registered in the name of an intermediary should contact that intermediary if they have any questions regarding this process and to arrange for such intermediary to complete the necessary steps to ensure that they receive the Consideration in respect of their New Gold Shares.

The method used to deliver a Letter of Transmittal, any accompanying certificate(s) or DRS Advice(s) representing New Gold Shares and any other accompanying documents or instruments, if any, is at the option and risk of the relevant Shareholder. Delivery will be deemed effective only when such documents are actually received by the Depositary at the address set out in the Letter of Transmittal. New Gold recommends that the necessary documentation be hand delivered to the Depositary and a receipt therefor be obtained; otherwise, the use of registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended.

- 67?-

Under no circumstances will interest accrue on the Consideration Shares that a Shareholder is entitled to receive upon depositing certificate(s) or DRS Advice(s) representing New Gold Shares pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement.

From and after the Effective Time, each certificate or DRS Advice that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more New Gold Shares will be deemed to represent only the right to receive in exchange therefor the Consideration Shares the holder of such certificate or DRS Advice, as applicable, is entitled to receive in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any amounts withheld pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement.

It is recommended that registered Shareholders complete, sign and return the Letter of Transmittal with the accompanying share certificate(s) representing their New Gold Shares to the Depositary as soon as possible.

If you have any questions or need assistance voting, you can contact Kingsdale Advisors at 1-866-581-1477 (toll-free in North America) or 1-437-561-5022 (text and call enabled outside of North America) or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. To obtain current information about voting your New Gold Shares and the Arrangement, please visit www.VoteNewGold.com.

Fractional Shares

No fractional Consideration Shares will be issued pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. Where the aggregate number of Coeur Shares to be issued to a Shareholder as Consideration under the Arrangement would result in a fractional Consideration Share being issuable, such fractional Consideration Share shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a Coeur Share and shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a Coeur Share.

Lost Certificates

In the event that any certificate which, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented one or more outstanding New Gold Shares, which were exchanged in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Depositary will deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the aggregate Consideration which such holder is entitled to receive in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement. When authorizing such delivery of the aggregate Consideration which such holder is entitled to receive in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the holder to whom the Consideration is to be delivered shall, as a condition precedent to the delivery of such Consideration, give a bond satisfactory to Coeur and the Depositary in such amount as Coeur and the Depositary may direct (each acting reasonably), or otherwise indemnify Coeur and the Depositary and/or any of their respective representatives or agents in a manner satisfactory to Coeur and the Depositary (each acting reasonably), against any claim that may be made against Coeur or the Depositary and/or any of their respective representatives or agents with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

Extinction of Rights

Any certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding New Gold Shares that were exchanged pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement that is not deposited with all other instruments required by the Plan of Arrangement on or prior to the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date shall cease to represent a claim or interest of any kind or nature as a securityholder of New Gold or Coeur, as applicable. On such date, the Consideration Shares, as applicable, to which the former registered holder of the certificate or DRS Advice referred to in the preceding sentence was ultimately entitled shall be deemed to have been surrendered for no consideration to the Purchaser (or its successor(s)). None of Coeur, the Purchaser, New Gold or the Depositary shall be liable to any person in respect of any Consideration Shares (or dividends, distributions and interest in respect thereof) delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

- 68?-

Accordingly, former Shareholders who deposit with the Depositary any certificate(s) or DRS Advice(s) representing the New Gold Shares held by such Shareholder after the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date will not receive the Consideration or any other consideration in exchange therefor and will not own any interest in New Gold, Coeur or the Combined Company and will not be paid any compensation.

Mail Service Interruptions

Notwithstanding the provisions of the Arrangement Agreement, this Circular and the Letter of Transmittal, DRS Advice(s) representing the Consideration Shares and any certificate(s) or DRS Advice(s) representing New Gold Shares to be returned, if applicable, will not be mailed if Coeur determines that delivery thereof by mail may be delayed.

Persons entitled to DRS Advice(s), cheques and other relevant documents which are not mailed for the foregoing reason may take delivery thereof at the office of the Depositary at which the Letter of Transmittal related thereto was deposited until such time as Coeur has determined that delivery by mail will no longer be delayed.

Notwithstanding the foregoing section, DRS Advice(s), cheques and other relevant documents not mailed for the foregoing reason will be conclusively delivered on the first day upon which they are available for delivery at the office of the Depositary at which the New Gold Shares were deposited.

Withholding Rights

Coeur, New Gold, the Depositary, their respective subsidiaries and any other person on their behalf, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts payable to any person pursuant to the Arrangement and under the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement, including amounts distributed to any former Shareholder or former holders of Incentive Awards, such amounts as Coeur, New Gold, the Depositary and their respective subsidiaries, or any person on behalf of any of the foregoing, is or may be required or permitted to deduct or withhold with respect to such payment under the Tax Act, the U.S. Tax Code, or any provision of local, state, federal, provincial or foreign Law, in each case, as amended, or under the administrative practice of the relevant Governmental Entity administering such Law, and to request from any recipient of any payment under the Plan of Arrangement any necessary tax forms or any other proof of exemption from withholding or any similar information. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes in connection with the Plan of Arrangement as having been paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. Any person that deducts or withholds any such amount pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement shall remit such deducted or withheld amounts to the applicable Governmental Entity. Coeur, New Gold, the Depositary, their respective subsidiaries, and any person on behalf of the foregoing, as the case may be, is authorized to sell or otherwise dispose of such portion of the Consideration as is necessary in order to fully fund such liability, and such person shall remit any unapplied balance of the net proceeds of such sale to the holder.

Stock Exchange Matters

New Gold is a reporting issuer under the securities laws of each province and territory of Canada. The New Gold Shares are listed and posted for trading on the TSX and the NYSE American, in each case, under the symbol "NGD".

On October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to announcement of the Arrangement, the closing price of the New Gold Shares on the TSX and NYSE American was C$10.33 and $7.34, respectively.

- 69?-

As soon as practicable following completion of the Arrangement, Coeur intends to apply to the applicable Canadian Securities Authorities, the TSX and the NYSE American, as applicable, to have New Gold cease to be a reporting issuer and to have the New Gold Shares delisted from the TSX and NYSE American.

Coeur is a reporting issuer under the securities laws of each province of Canada. The Coeur Shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol "CDE" and it is a condition of the Arrangement that the Consideration Shares to be issued or issuable in connection with the Arrangement are approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and TSX (subject only to customary conditions). Accordingly, in connection with the Arrangement, Coeur will submit an application to list its Coeur Shares on the TSX. Upon listing its Coeur Shares on the TSX, Coeur will be required to comply with the TSX's ongoing listing requirements, including those set out in the TSX Company Manual.

For information with respect to the trading history of the New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares, see "Information Concerning New Gold - Price Range and Trading Volumes of New Gold Shares" and "Information Concerning Coeur - Price Range and Trading Volumes of Coeur Shares", in Appendix G and Appendix H to this Circular, respectively.

Approvals Required for the Arrangement

New Gold Shareholder Approval

In order to become effective, the Arrangement Resolution will require the affirmative vote of: (a) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (b) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Patrick Godin, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of New Gold (as required by MI 61-101) and as more particularly described in "Business Combination Under MI 61-101 - Minority Approval Requirements" in this Circular. See "The Meeting - Business of the Meeting".

If Shareholders fail to approve the Arrangement Resolution by the requisite majorities, the Arrangement will not be completed.

In the absence of any instruction to the contrary, New Gold Shares represented by proxies received by management will be voted FOR the Arrangement Resolution.

Notwithstanding the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders at the Meeting, the Arrangement Resolution authorizes the Board, without further notice to or approval of the Shareholders, to modify, supplement or amend the Arrangement Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement to the extent permitted by the Arrangement Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement, or subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, not to proceed with the Arrangement.

Coeur Stockholder Approvals

Pursuant to section 312.03(c) and section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, the Coeur Stock Issuance must be approved by at least a majority of the votes cast virtually in person or represented by proxy at the Coeur Meeting. As required by the certificate of incorporation of Coeur and the DGCL, the Coeur Charter Amendment must be approved by at least a majority of the votes cast virtually in person or represented by proxy at the Coeur Meeting. If either the Coeur Stock Issuance or the Coeur Charter Amendment is not approved by the Coeur Stockholders, the Arrangement cannot be completed.

Court Approval of the Arrangement

The Arrangement requires approval by the Court under section 291 of the BCBCA. Prior to mailing this Circular, New Gold obtained the Interim Order providing for the calling and holding of the Meeting, the Dissent Rights and other procedural matters. Copies of the Interim Order and the Petition and Notice of Hearing of Petition for the Final Order are attached as Appendix B and Appendix C, respectively, to this Circular.

- 70?-

The Court hearing in respect of the Final Order is expected to take place on January 30, 2026 at 9:45 a.m. (Pacific Time) at the Vancouver Law Courts, or as soon thereafter as counsel may be heard, subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, the approval of the Arrangement Resolution at the Meeting and the approval of the Coeur Stockholder Approvals at the Coeur Meeting.

The Court has broad discretion under the BCBCA when making orders with respect to the Arrangement. At the Final Order hearing, the Court will consider, among other things, the fairness and reasonableness of the Arrangement. The Court may approve the Arrangement in any manner the Court may direct, subject to compliance with such terms and conditions, if any, as the Court deems fit. There can be no assurance that the Court will approve the Arrangement on the terms as presented. At the Final Order hearing, the Court will be informed that New Gold and Coeur intend to rely on the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption for the issuance of Coeur Shares as consideration pursuant to the Arrangement on the basis of the Court's approval of the Arrangement.

Under the terms of the Interim Order, any holder of New Gold Shares and any other interested person will have the right to appear at the Final Order hearing and make submissions, subject to such party filing with the Court and serving upon New Gold, through New Gold's Corporate Secretary, and by service upon counsel to New Gold, Lawson Lundell LLP (Attention: Craig A.B. Ferris, K.C. and Jane Mayfield) and Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP (Attention: Chantelle Cseh and Rui Gao), in each case at the address set out below, a Response to Petition in the form required by the rules of the Court, and any additional affidavits or other materials on which a party intends to rely in connection with any submissions at such hearing, including such party's address for service, as soon as reasonably practicable, and, in any event, by no later than 4:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) on January 27, 2026. The Response to Petition and supporting materials must be delivered, within the time specified, to New Gold at the following address:

New Gold Inc.

181 Bay Street, Suite 3320

Toronto, ON M5J 2T2

Attention: General Counsel

Email: general.counsel@newgold.com

With a copy to:

Lawson Lundell LLP

1600 - 925 West Georgia Street,

Vancouver, BC

V6C 3L2

Attention: Craig A.B. Ferris, K.C. and Jane Mayfield

Email: cferris@lawsonlundell.com and jmayfield@lawsonlundell.com

and to:

Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP

155 Wellington Street West, 40th Floor

Toronto, ON

M5V 3J7

Attention: Chantelle Cseh and Rui Gao

Email: ccseh@dwpv.com and rgao@dwpv.com

If the Final Order hearing is postponed, adjourned or rescheduled then, subject to further direction of the Court, only those persons having previously served and filed a Response to Petition in compliance with the Interim Order will be given notice of the new date.

CNA Approval

Pursuant to Mexican Antitrust Law, concentrations that satisfy applicable monetary thresholds trigger the obligation of economic agents to notify and obtain authorization from the CNA before the concentration is consummated. Transactions subject to CNA authorization that close prior to obtaining such authorization will have no legal effect and will be deemed null and void. Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, the authorization of the CNA is a mutual condition to the completion of the Arrangement.

- 71?-

The steps to obtain authorization from the CNA under Mexican Antitrust Law are substantially as follows:

(a) The Parties must submit a pre-merger notice, together with all required accompanying documentation, to the CNA. (b) If, in the CNA's discretion, the information delivered by the Parties is incomplete pursuant to the requirements set forth in Mexican Antitrust Law, the CNA may, within 10 business days following the filing, request any supplemental information or documentation that it deems necessary to conduct its analysis. The Parties will have 10 business days to submit such supplemental information to the CNA. Such 10 business day period may be extended by the Parties, upon approval of the CNA. (c) If the Parties fail to timely submit the information requested by the CNA, the CNA will declare, within 10 business days, that the pre-merger notice was not duly filed. Upon such declaration, the Parties must restart the notification process. (d) Once the filing is deemed to include all necessary documentation and information, the CNA may request, in its sole discretion, additional information within 15 business days to support its substantive assessment. The Parties must submit any additional information requested by the CNA within 15 business days following receipt of such request. This period may also be extended by the Parties and upon the approval of the CNA to provide additional time to file the requested information and documentation. (e) If the CNA believes that the Arrangement raises antitrust concerns, it must notify the Parties at least 10 business days prior to the date on which the matter will be listed for discussion by the Board of Commissioners of the CNA. The Parties must file a proposal to address such antitrust concerns within one business day following the date on which the matter is scheduled for discussion before the Board of Commissioners of the CNA. (f) Prior to issuing its decision, the CNA may request that the Parties submit proposed remedies or actions for its approval. In all cases, the proposed remedies or actions must be submitted during the review process, and the applicable time periods will restart as of the date the proposed mitigating actions are submitted to the CNA. (g) The CNA must issue its decision no later than 30 business days following the date on which both the initial submission and the relevant case file (including the Parties' responses to all requests for information from the CNA and other supplementary information filed) are deemed complete and sufficient. In complex transactions, this period may be extended for an additional 20 business days. The CNA has discretion to request additional information and documentation, as often as it deems necessary, to complete its analysis. (h) If the CNA does not issue a formal decision within the 30 business day period, the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement will be deemed authorized. The CNA may authorize, object to or condition the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement on the completion of certain remedies or actions. (i) The clearance notice provided by the CNA authorizing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement will remain valid for six calendar months, which may be extended for an additional six calendar months upon request by the Parties. The Parties must inform the CNA of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement within 30 business days.

On December 3, 2025, the Parties filed a notification with the CNA with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement. As of the date of this Circular, the review of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement by the CNA is ongoing and the CNA Approval required under the Arrangement Agreement has not yet been obtained.

- 72?-

Competition Act Approval

Part IX of the Competition Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended, require that parties to certain prescribed classes of transactions provide notifications to the Commissioner where the applicable thresholds set out in sections 109 and 110 of the Competition Act are exceeded and no exemption applies ("Notifiable Transactions"). Subject to certain limited exceptions, a Notifiable Transaction cannot be completed until the parties to the Notifiable Transaction have each submitted the information prescribed pursuant to subsection 114(1) of the Competition Act (a "Notification") to the Commissioner and the applicable waiting period has expired, has been terminated early or the appropriate Waiver (as defined below) has been provided by the Commissioner. The waiting period is 30 days after the day on which the parties to the Notifiable Transaction have submitted their respective complete notifications.

Parties to a Notifiable Transaction are entitled to complete such Notifiable Transaction at the end of the 30-day period, unless the Commissioner notifies the parties, pursuant to subsection 114(2) of the Competition Act, that the Commissioner requires additional information that is relevant to the Commissioner's assessment of the Notifiable Transaction (a "Supplementary Information Request"). In the event that the Commissioner issues a Supplementary Information Request, the Notifiable Transaction cannot be completed until 30 days after compliance with such Supplementary Information Request, provided that there is no order issued by the Competition Tribunal in effect prohibiting completion at the relevant time. The Commissioner's substantive assessment of a Notifiable Transaction may extend beyond the statutory waiting period. Where a transaction is not completed within one year of the filing of a Notification or such longer period as the Commissioner may specify, Part IX of the Competition Act applies as if no notice was given or information supplied.

In addition to, or as an alternative to, filing a Notification, a party to a Notifiable Transaction may apply to the Commissioner for an Advance Ruling Certificate confirming that the Commissioner is satisfied that he or she does not have sufficient grounds on which to apply to the Competition Tribunal for an order under section 92 of the Competition Act to prohibit the completion of the transaction, or, in the event that the Commissioner is not prepared to issue an Advance Ruling Certificate, a No-Action Letter. If the Commissioner issues an Advance Ruling Certificate, the parties are exempt from having to file a Notification; if the Commissioner issues a No-Action Letter, upon the request of the parties, the Commissioner can waive the parties' requirement to submit a Notification where the parties have supplied substantially similar information as would have been supplied with their Notification (a "Waiver").

The Commissioner may challenge a Notifiable Transaction before the Competition Tribunal at any time before, or within one year following, its completion where the Commissioner believes that the merger prevents or lessens, or is likely to prevent or lessen competition substantially in Canada (a "Competition Challenge"). If the Competition Tribunal concludes that the merger prevents or lessens, or is likely to prevent or lessen competition substantially in Canada, it can issue an order prohibiting the transaction, provided that the transaction has not been completed by such time, or it can order the divestiture of shares or assets where the transaction has already been completed. The Commissioner is precluded from bringing a Competition Challenge on substantially the same factual basis as that upon which an Advance Ruling Certificate was issued, provided that the Notifiable Transaction was completed within one year after the Advance Ruling Certificate was issued. No such prohibition on bringing a Competition Challenge applies as a result of the issuance of a No-Action Letter.

The transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement constitute a Notifiable Transaction, and as such, the Parties must comply with the merger notification provisions of Part IX of the Competition Act. Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, Competition Act Approval is a mutual condition to the completion of the Arrangement.

On November 24, 2025, Coeur submitted a request for an Advance Ruling Certificate or, in the alternative, a No-Action Letter and a Waiver, to the Commissioner in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement.

- 73?-

On December 5, 2025, the Commissioner issued an Advance Ruling Certificate in respect of the Arrangement, which constitutes the Competition Act Approval for the purposes of the Arrangement Agreement.

ICA Approval

Under the ICA, the direct "acquisition of control" of a Canadian business by a non-Canadian that exceeds the prescribed financial threshold (a "Reviewable Transaction") is subject to pre-closing review and cannot be implemented unless (a) the Parties have received written evidence from the responsible Minister under the ICA that the responsible Minister is satisfied that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA; or (b) the responsible Minister shall have been deemed to be satisfied (within the meaning of the ICA) that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA (either (a) or (b) being the "Net Benefit Approval").

The Arrangement constitutes a Reviewable Transaction under the ICA, and as a result, the Arrangement cannot be completed until the Net Benefit Approval is obtained. For the purposes of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, the responsible Minister under the ICA is the Minister of Industry.

Under the ICA, there is an initial 45-day "net benefit" review period, which may be unilaterally extended by the Minister of Industry for an additional 30 days. Further extensions to the review period can be made on the mutual agreement of the Minister of Industry and the investor. The prescribed factors under section 20 of the ICA to be considered by the Minister of Industry in determining whether to issue a Net Benefit Approval in respect of a Reviewable Transaction include, among other things: (a) the effect of the investment on the level and nature of economic activity in Canada (including the effect on employment, capital investment, resource processing, utilization of Canadian products and services and exports); (b) the degree and significance of participation by Canadians in the acquired business and the industry in which the Canadian business forms a part; (c) the effect of the investment on productivity, industrial efficiency, technological development, product innovation, product variety and competition in Canada; (d) the effect of the investment on competition within an industry in Canada; (e) the compatibility of the investment with national and provincial industrial, economic, and cultural policies; and (f) the contribution of the investment to Canada's ability to compete in world markets.

In connection with seeking a Net Benefit Approval, an applicant may provide binding written undertakings to His Majesty in right of Canada in support of its application. If, within the applicable review period (including any unilateral or mutually agreed upon extension thereof), the Minister of Industry sends a notice that she is satisfied that the investment is likely to be of net benefit to Canada, or if the Minister of Industry does not send a notice within the applicable review period (including any unilateral or mutually agreed upon extension thereof) and pursuant to section 21(9) of the ICA, is deemed to be satisfied that the investment is likely to be of net benefit to Canada, the Net Benefit Approval will have been obtained.

However, if the Minister of Industry is not satisfied within the applicable review period (including any unilateral or mutually agreed upon extension thereof) that a Reviewable Transaction is likely to be of net benefit to Canada, the Minister of Industry is required to send a notice to that effect, advising the investor of its right to make further representations and submit (additional) undertakings within 30 days from the date of such notice or any further period that may be agreed to between the Minister of Industry and investor. Within a reasonable time after the expiry of the period for making representations and submitting undertakings, as described above, the Minister of Industry will send a notice to the applicant that either the Minister of Industry is satisfied that the investment is likely to be of net benefit to Canada, in which case a Net Benefit Approval will have been obtained, or confirming that the Minister of Industry is not satisfied that the investment is likely to be of net benefit to Canada. In the latter case, the Reviewable Transaction may not be implemented.

The Arrangement constitutes a Reviewable Transaction. As a result, the Arrangement will not be completed unless (a) the Parties have received written evidence from the Minister of Industry under the ICA that the Minister of Industry is satisfied that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA; or (b) the Minister of Industry shall have been deemed to be satisfied (within the meaning of the ICA) that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA.

- 74?-

In addition, under Part IV.1 of the ICA, certain investments by non-Canadians, including but not limited to Reviewable Transactions, can be made subject to separate review on grounds that the investment could be injurious to national security. Specifically, in the case of a Reviewable Transaction, a non-Canadian investor cannot complete its investment where, at any time from when the Minister of Industry becomes aware of the transaction until 45 days from the date on which the Minister of Industry certifies receipt of the investor's complete application for review, it has received notice (a "National Security Notice") from the Minister of Industry that the investment may be or will be subject to a further review (a "National Security Review"). Where the investor has received a notice from the Minister of Industry that the investment may be subject to a further review, the Minister of Industry has an additional 45 days to determine whether to order a National Security Review.

Where a National Security Review has been ordered, the Minister of Industry has 45 days, which can unilaterally be extended for an additional 45 days (and can be further extended on the mutual agreement of the Minister of Industry and the investor), to determine whether the investment would not be injurious to national security. The National Security Review is terminated if the Minister determines the investment would not be injurious to national security or would not be injurious to national security because of written undertakings given to His Majesty in right of Canada. If the Minister determines that the investment would be injurious to national security or if the Minister is unable to determine whether the investment would be injurious to national security, the Minister must refer the investment to the Governor in Council for a final determination. The Governor in Council then has 20 days to take any measures in respect of the investment advisable to protect national security, including directing the investor not to implement the investment or authorizing the investor to make the investment on terms and conditions.

Where an investment is subject to the ICA's national security jurisdiction, the Minister of Industry may, by order, impose interim conditions in respect of the investment that are applicable until no later than when consideration of the investment is complete, if the Minister, after consultation with the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness, is satisfied that such interim conditions are necessary for the purpose of preventing injury to national security that could arise during a National Security Review of the investment, provided that the imposition of interim conditions does not introduce significant new risks of injury to national security. Such interim conditions can be amended or deleted by the Minister at any time, after consultation with the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness.

If a National Security Notice has been received, the investment cannot be completed unless the investor receives a notice or order authorizing completion. Assuming there are no extensions to the review period on the mutual agreement of the Minister of Industry and investor, the entire period from the initial filing by the investor until completion of the National Security Review can be as long as 200 days.

On November 26, 2025, Coeur submitted an application for review to the Minister of Industry in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement pursuant to Part IV of the ICA. The Minister of Industry's review pursuant to the ICA of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement remains ongoing as of the date of this Circular.

Timing

If the Arrangement Resolution is approved at the Meeting and the Coeur Stockholder Approvals are obtained at the Coeur Meeting, New Gold will (a) diligently pursue and take all steps necessary to submit the Arrangement before the Court as promptly as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within four Business Days after the New Gold Shareholder Approval is obtained; and (b) diligently pursue an application for the Final Order pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA. Once the Final Order is obtained in form and substance satisfactory to Coeur and New Gold, and all other conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement are satisfied or waived, the Arrangement will become effective at 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on the Effective Date. It is currently expected that the Effective Date will occur in the first half of 2026, and in no event will completion of the Arrangement occur later than the Outside Date, unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement.

- 75?-

Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement

Canada

The Coeur Shares distributed pursuant to the Arrangement will be issued in reliance on exemptions from the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian Securities Laws, will generally be "freely tradable" and the resale of such Coeur Shares will be exempt from the prospectus requirements (and not subject to any "restricted period" or "hold period") under applicable Canadian Securities Laws if the following conditions are met: (a) the trade is not a control distribution (as defined under NI 45-102); (b) no unusual effort is made to prepare the market or to create a demand for the Coeur Shares; (c) no extraordinary commission or consideration is paid to a person or company in respect of the trade; and (d) if the selling shareholder is an insider or an officer of Coeur, the selling securityholder has no reasonable grounds to believe that Coeur is in default of applicable securities legislation.

Each Shareholder is urged to consult his, her or its professional advisors to determine the Canadian conditions and restrictions applicable to trades in Coeur Shares issued as Consideration under the Arrangement.

United States

The following discussion is a general overview of certain requirements of United States federal securities laws that may be applicable to Shareholders in the United States and to U.S. Persons (collectively, "U.S. Shareholders"). All U.S. Shareholders are urged to consult with their own legal counsel to ensure that any subsequent resale of Coeur Shares distributed to them under the Arrangement complies with applicable securities laws. Further information applicable to U.S. Shareholders is disclosed under the heading "Notice to Shareholders in the United States".

The following discussion does not address the Canadian Securities Laws that will apply to the distribution of Coeur Shares or the resale of Coeur Shares by U.S. Shareholders within Canada. U.S. Shareholders reselling their Coeur Shares in Canada must comply with Canadian Securities Laws, as outlined elsewhere in this Circular.

Coeur Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction. Coeur Shares to be issued in the Arrangement are expected to be issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act provided by the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption, based on the approval of the Arrangement by the Court.

Section 3(a)(10) exempts securities issued in exchange for one or more outstanding securities from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act where, among other things, the terms and conditions of the issuance and exchange of the securities have been approved by a court of competent jurisdiction, after a hearing upon the procedural and substantive fairness of the terms and conditions of the issuance and exchange at which all persons to whom the securities will be issued have the right to appear and to whom timely and adequate notice of the hearing has been given. The Final Order is required for the Arrangement to become effective, and the Court will be advised that its approval of the terms and conditions of the Arrangement will be relied upon to exempt the issuance of the Consideration Shares under the Arrangement from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption. Therefore, if the Court approves the Arrangement, its approval will constitute the basis for Coeur Shares to be issued without registration under the U.S. Securities Act. In addition, Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement will be issued in compliance with or pursuant to an exemption from the registration or qualification requirements of state or "blue sky" securities laws.

Persons who are not "affiliates" of Coeur after the Arrangement and have not been "affiliates" of Coeur in the 90-day period prior to any resale of the Coeur Shares that they receive in connection with the Arrangement may resell such Coeur Shares in the United States without restriction under the U.S. Securities Act. As defined in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act, an "affiliate" of an issuer is a person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the issuer and may include directors and certain officers of such issuer as well as principal shareholders of such issuer. U.S. Shareholders should consult their own legal counsel regarding their status as an "affiliate" of Coeur.

- 76?-

Coeur Shares sold by any holder who is an "affiliate" of Coeur at the time of the sale of such Coeur Shares after the Arrangement, or was an "affiliate" of Coeur at any time within 90 days prior to the date of such sale, may be subject to certain restrictions on resale imposed by the U.S. Securities Act. Such persons may not be able to sell Coeur Shares that they receive in connection with the Arrangement in the absence of registration under the U.S. Securities Act or an exemption from registration, if available, such as the exemptions and safe harbours contained in Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act or Rules 903 or 904 of Regulation S.

Investors are urged to consult with their own legal counsel before proceeding to sell any Coeur Shares.

THE Arrangement Agreement

The summary of the material provisions of the Arrangement Agreement below and elsewhere in this Circular is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Arrangement Agreement, a copy of which is available under New Gold's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Shareholders are encouraged to read the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement in their entirety. This summary may not contain all of the information about the Arrangement Agreement that is important to you. We urge you to carefully read the Arrangement Agreement in its entirety, including all of its schedules, as it is the legal document governing the Arrangement. The Arrangement Agreement contains representations and warranties that New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser have made to each other as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Arrangement Agreement were made solely for purposes of the Arrangement Agreement and the arrangement and agreements contemplated thereby among New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser, and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser in connection with negotiating the terms thereof. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to shareholders and reports and documents filed with the Canadian Securities Authorities or the SEC, as applicable, and the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Arrangement Agreement (and summarized below) are qualified by information in the New Gold Disclosure Letter or the Coeur Disclosure Letter, as applicable, and by certain information contained in certain of New Gold's and Coeur's public filings with the Canadian Securities Authorities or the SEC, as applicable. The New Gold Disclosure Letter, Coeur Disclosure Letter and filings with the Canadian Securities Authorities or the SEC, as applicable, contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Arrangement Agreement. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed or may change after November 2, 2025 and subsequent developments or new information qualifying a representation or warranty may have been included in this Circular. In addition, if specific material facts arise that contradict the representations and warranties in the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur or New Gold, as applicable, will disclose those material facts in the public filings that it makes with the Canadian Securities Authorities or the SEC, as applicable, in accordance with, and to the extent required by, applicable Law. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Arrangement Agreement and their description in this Circular should not be read alone, but instead should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in the reports, statements and filings New Gold and Coeur publicly filed with the Canadian Securities Authorities or the SEC, as applicable.

The Arrangement

The Arrangement Agreement provides that, following the Effective Time and pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares in exchange for the Consideration, with New Gold continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur.

The Arrangement will be implemented by way of a plan of arrangement under the BCBCA and requires approval by: (a) the Court; and (b) at least (i) 662?3% of the votes cast by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting; and (ii) a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Patrick Godin, President, Chief Executive Officer and director of New Gold, as required by MI 61-101 ((i) and (ii) together, the "New Gold Shareholder Approval").

- 77?-

If the Final Order is granted, and all other conditions to completion of the Arrangement, as set out in the Arrangement Agreement, are satisfied or waived (to the extent that such conditions are capable of being satisfied prior to the Effective Date and, if waived, are not prohibited from being waived), the Arrangement will become effective at the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Plan of Arrangement.

Consideration

Following the Effective Time, each Shareholder will receive consideration of 0.4959 of a Coeur Share for each New Gold Share they hold (other than Dissent Shares held by Dissenting Shareholders).

No fractional Consideration Shares will be issued as part of the Arrangement. Where the aggregate number of Coeur Shares to be issued to a Shareholder as Consideration would result in a fractional Consideration Share being issuable, such fractional Consideration Share will be rounded up to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a Coeur Share, and will be rounded down to the nearest whole Coeur Share in the event that a Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a Coeur Share.

Efforts to Obtain Required New Gold Shareholder Approval

New Gold is required to duly call, give notice of, convene and conduct the Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order, New Gold's constating documents and applicable Laws; provided that Coeur shall cooperate with New Gold and use commercially reasonable efforts to schedule and convene the Coeur Meeting on the same date and at the same time as the Meeting.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, New Gold will be required to adjourn, postpone or cancel the Meeting: (a) as required by applicable Laws or a Governmental Entity; (b) as required for quorum purposes (in which case the Meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled); (c) if at any time following the dissemination of this Circular, New Gold reasonably determines in good faith that the New Gold Shareholder Approval is unlikely to be obtained at the Meeting (in which case the Meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled); (d) if the Board determines in good faith that it is necessary or appropriate to postpone or adjourn the Meeting in order to give Shareholders sufficient time to evaluate any information or disclosure that New Gold has sent or otherwise made available to such holders by issuing a press release, filing materials with the Canadian Securities Authorities or otherwise; (e) if a written notice of termination of the Arrangement Agreement is delivered by a Party prior to the date of the Meeting (in which case New Gold may postpone or adjourn the Meeting to the earlier of a date that is five Business Days prior to the Outside Date and the date that is 15 Business Days following the delivery of such notice); (f) with Coeur's prior written consent; or (g) if Coeur adjourns or postpones the Coeur Meeting (in which case New Gold may adjourn or postpone the Meeting to the same date and time as the Coeur Meeting), and in each case, subject to the restrictions and time periods set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

Efforts to Obtain Required Coeur Stockholder Approvals

Coeur is required to duly call, give notice of, convene and conduct the Coeur Meeting in accordance with Coeur's constating documents and applicable Laws; provided that Coeur shall cooperate with New Gold and use commercially reasonable efforts to schedule and convene the Meeting on the same date and at the same time as the Coeur Meeting.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Coeur will be required to adjourn, postpone or cancel the Coeur Meeting: (a) as required by applicable Laws or a Governmental Entity; (b) as required for quorum purposes (in which case the Coeur Meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled); (c) if Coeur reasonably determines in good faith that the Coeur Stockholder Approvals are unlikely to be obtained at the Coeur Meeting (in which case the Coeur Meeting shall be adjourned and not cancelled); (d) if the Coeur Board determines that it is necessary or appropriate to postpone or adjourn the Coeur Meeting in order to give Coeur Stockholders sufficient time to evaluate any information or disclosure that Coeur has sent or otherwise made available to such holders by issuing a press release, filing materials with the SEC or otherwise; (e) with New Gold's prior written consent; or (f) if New Gold adjourns or postpones the Meeting (in which case Coeur shall adjourn or postpone the Coeur Meeting to the same date and time as the Meeting), and in each case, subject to the restrictions and time periods set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

- 78?-

Final Court Approval

After: (a) the Interim Order has been obtained; (b) the New Gold Shareholder Approval has been obtained at the Meeting as provided for in the Interim Order; and (c) the Coeur Stockholder Approvals have been obtained at the Coeur Meeting, New Gold is required to (x) diligently pursue and take all steps necessary to submit the Arrangement before the Court as promptly as reasonably practicable but, in any event, within four Business Days after the New Gold Shareholder Approval is obtained, and (y) diligently pursue an application for the Final Order pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA. The Court will consider, among other things, the procedural and substantive fairness of the Arrangement to the Securityholders.

Conditions to Closing

Mutual Conditions Precedent

The completion of the Arrangement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent which may only be waived with the mutual consent of Coeur and New Gold:

(a) New Gold Shareholder Approval. The Arrangement Resolution shall have been approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order. (b) Interim and Final Order. The Interim Order and the Final Order shall each have been obtained on terms consistent with the Arrangement Agreement, and shall not have been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to either New Gold or Coeur, each acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise. (c) Coeur Stockholder Approvals. The Coeur Stockholder Approvals shall have been obtained in accordance with the rules of the NYSE (with respect to the Coeur Stock Issuance) and the DGCL (with respect to the Coeur Charter Amendment) at the Coeur Meeting. (d) Coeur Charter Amendment. The Coeur Charter Amendment shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and be in full force and effect. (e) Illegality . No Law is in effect that makes the consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibits or enjoins New Gold or Coeur from consummating the Arrangement. (f) Exempt from Registration Requirements. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement shall be exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act pursuant to the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption. (g) Exempt from Prospectus Requirements. The distribution of the Consideration Shares shall be exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements of applicable Canadian Securities Laws, either by virtue of exemptive relief from the Canadian Securities Authorities, or by virtue of applicable exemptions under Canadian Securities Laws, and shall not be subject to resale restrictions under applicable Canadian Securities Laws. (h) Listing of Consideration Shares. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Arrangement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (subject only to official notice of issuance) and the TSX (subject only to customary conditions). (i) Regulatory Approvals. The Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained and shall not have been modified or rescinded. (j) No Termination . The Arrangement Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms.

- 79?-

Conditions in Favour of Coeur and the Purchaser

The obligation of Coeur and the Purchaser to complete the Arrangement is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time (each of which is for the exclusive benefit of Coeur and the Purchaser and may be waived by Coeur, in whole or in part, at any time):

(a) Performance of Covenants. All covenants of New Gold under the Arrangement Agreement to be performed on or before the Effective Time shall have been duly performed by New Gold in all material respects and Coeur shall have received a certificate of New Gold addressed to Coeur and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of New Gold by a senior executive officer of New Gold (on New Gold's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same as of the Effective Date. (b) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and warranties of New Gold set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than as contemplated in clauses (ii) and (iii) below) shall be true and correct in all respects, without regard to any materiality or New Gold Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in them, as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), except where the failure or failures of all such representations and warranties to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to have a New Gold Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the representations and warranties of New Gold relating to organization and qualification, authority relative to the Arrangement Agreement, no conflict and absence of a New Gold Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time, and (iii) the representations and warranties of New Gold relating to Subsidiaries, capitalization and listing and brokers shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies and as a result of transactions, changes, conditions, events or circumstances permitted under the Arrangement Agreement) as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), and Coeur shall have received a certificate of New Gold addressed to Coeur and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of New Gold by a senior executive officer of New Gold (on New Gold's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same. (c) No New Gold Material Adverse Effect. Between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Effective Time, there shall not have occurred a New Gold Material Adverse Effect that is continuing as of the Effective Time. (d) Dissent Rights. Dissent Rights shall not have been exercised (or, if exercised, not withdrawn) with respect to more than 5% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares.

Conditions in Favour of New Gold

The obligation of New Gold to complete the Arrangement is subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions precedent on or before the Effective Time (each of which is for the exclusive benefit of New Gold and may be waived by New Gold, in whole or in part, at any time):

(a) Performance of Covenants. All covenants of Coeur under the Arrangement Agreement to be performed on or before the Effective Time shall have been duly performed by Coeur in all material respects and New Gold shall have received a certificate of Coeur, addressed to New Gold and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Coeur by a senior executive officer (on Coeur's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same as of the Effective Date.

- 80?-

(b) Representations and Warranties. (i) the representations and warranties of Coeur set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than as contemplated in clauses (ii) and (iii)) shall be true and correct in all respects, without regard to any materiality or Coeur Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in them, as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), except where the failure or failures of all such representations and warranties to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to have a Coeur Material Adverse Effect; (ii) the representations and warranties of Coeur related to organization and qualification, authority relative to the Arrangement Agreement, no conflict and absence of a Coeur Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time, and (iii) the representations and warranties of Coeur relating to Subsidiaries, capitalization and listing and brokers shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies and as a result of transactions, changes, conditions, events or circumstances permitted under the Arrangement Agreement) as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made on and as of such date or time (except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that specified date), and New Gold shall have received a certificate of Coeur addressed to New Gold and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Coeur by a senior executive officer of Coeur (on Coeur's behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same. (c) Payment of Consideration. Coeur shall have deposited, or caused to be deposited, with the Depositary sufficient Coeur Shares to satisfy its obligations under the Arrangement Agreement, and the Depositary shall have confirmed to New Gold its receipt of such Coeur Shares. (d) No Coeur Material Adverse Effect. Between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Effective Time, there shall not have occurred a Coeur Material Adverse Effect that is continuing as of the Effective Time. (e) New Gold Director Nominees' Appointment. The New Gold Director Nominees (to the extent they have consented to their appointment) shall have been appointed to the Coeur Board to be effective as of the Effective Time.

Representations and Warranties

The Arrangement Agreement contains certain representations and warranties made by Coeur, New Gold and the Purchaser, in each case of a nature customary for transactions of this type.

The representations and warranties of each of New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser relate to the following matters: organization and qualification; authority relative to the Arrangement Agreement; no conflict, required filings and consent; Subsidiaries; compliance with Laws and constating documents; authorizations; capitalization and listing; shareholder and similar agreements; reporting issuer status; reports; stock exchange matters; financial statements; no undisclosed liabilities; interest in properties and mineral rights; mineral reserves and resources; scientific and technical information; personal property; employment matters; absence of certain changes or events; litigation; Indigenous claims; community relations; no expropriation; taxes; insurance; non-arm's length transactions; benefit plans; environmental matters; material contracts; standstill agreements; whistleblower reporting; restrictions on business activities; brokers; corrupt practices legislation; sanctions; modern slavery laws; bankruptcy; and privacy and security.

In addition to the foregoing representations and warranties, New Gold has provided additional representations and warranties to Coeur and the Purchaser with respect to auditors; intellectual property; and books and records, and Coeur and the Purchaser have provided additional representations and warranties to New Gold with respect to the ICA, no impediments under existing indebtedness and the absence of applicable anti-takeover statutes.

- 81?-

Covenants

Covenants Relating to the Arrangement

The Arrangement Agreement contains negative and affirmative covenants of New Gold and Coeur, in each case of a nature customary for transactions of this type. Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, each of New Gold and Coeur has covenanted that it shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to perform all obligations required to be performed by the Party or any of its Subsidiaries under the Arrangement Agreement, cooperate with the other Party in connection with the Arrangement Agreement and do all such other acts and things as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated in the Arrangement Agreement, including, among other things: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to effect all necessary registrations, filings and submissions of information required by Governmental Entities; (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to defend all lawsuits or other legal, regulatory or other proceedings against itself challenging or affecting the Arrangement Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy all conditions precedent to the Arrangement Agreement and take all steps set forth in the Interim Order and the Final Order applicable to it and comply promptly with all requirements imposed by Law on it or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Arrangement Agreement or the Arrangement; (d) use its commercially reasonable efforts to carry out all actions necessary to ensure the availability of the Section 3(a)(10) Exemption; (e) not take any action, or refrain from taking any commercially reasonable action, or permit any action to be taken or not taken, which is inconsistent with the Arrangement Agreement or which would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or otherwise impede the consummation of the Arrangement or the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement; and (f) promptly notify the other Party of (i) any New Gold Material Adverse Effect or Coeur Material Adverse Effect, as applicable, or any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a New Gold Material Adverse Effect or Coeur Material Adverse Effect, as applicable, (ii) any notice or other communication from any person alleging that a consent (or waiver, permit, exemption, order, approval, agreement, amendment or confirmation) of such person (or another person) is required in connection with the Arrangement Agreement or the Arrangement, or (iii) any material proceedings commenced or, to the knowledge of Coeur or New Gold, as applicable, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting Coeur or New Gold or any of their respective Subsidiaries, as applicable, in connection with the Arrangement Agreement or the Arrangement. New Gold has covenanted to: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all third party consents, approvals and notices required under material contracts; (b) cooperate and provide commercially reasonable assistance to Coeur and the Purchaser in the preparation and filing, on the Effective Date, of an election under the Tax Act such that New Gold ceases to be a "public corporation" for purposes of the Tax Act; and (c) give Coeur a reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any substantive shareholder litigation against New Gold or its directors or officers relating to the Arrangement, and no such settlement (to the extent a material monetary amount is involved) shall be agreed to without the prior written consent of Coeur, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Covenants Relating to General Conduct of Business

The Arrangement Agreement also contains covenants of New Gold and Coeur, in each case of a nature customary for transactions of this type, pertaining to the conduct of their respective businesses, including with respect to, among other things, corporate matters, issuing shares or other securities, distributions, dispositions and acquisitions, capital expenditures, preservation of mineral rights and properties and indebtedness, and in the case of New Gold, employment and compensation arrangements, material contracts, maintenance of insurance policies and taxes.

Covenants Specific to New Gold

New Gold has covenanted in the Arrangement Agreement to use commercially reasonable efforts to: (a) cause the New Gold Shares to be delisted from the TSX and NYSE American as promptly as practicable following the Effective Time; (b) obtain and deliver to Coeur at the Effective Time (i) resignations of all directors of New Gold and its Subsidiaries, and (ii) separation agreements of each member of senior management who will be terminated by New Gold as of the Effective Time, as requested by Coeur and on terms and conditions acceptable to New Gold, Coeur, each acting reasonably, and the applicable members of management; (c) effect certain reorganizations of New Gold's or its Subsidiaries' business, operations and assets or such other transactions, as requested by Coeur subject to the conditions in the Arrangement Agreement; (d) purchase customary "tail" policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance prior to the Effective Date, as described under "Insurance Matters" below; (e) cooperate with Coeur in connection with Coeur's efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading on the NYSE and the TSX by the Effective Time, the Coeur Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement; and (f) provide Coeur with access to data and information as Coeur may reasonably request, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set out in the Arrangement Agreement.

- 82?-

Covenants Specific to Coeur

Coeur has covenanted in the Arrangement Agreement to: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Consideration Shares will, at the Effective Time, either be registered or qualified under all applicable U.S. state securities laws, or exempt from such registration and qualification requirements; (b) apply for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval of the listing for trading on the NYSE and the TSX by the Effective Time of the Coeur Shares issuable pursuant to the Arrangement; (c) file the Coeur Charter Amendment with the Secretary of the State of Delaware prior to the Effective Time and subject to obtaining Coeur Stockholder Approval; (d) provide compensation and benefits to certain New Gold employees (as described further below under "Certain Employee Matters"); and (e) take all actions necessary to ensure that, promptly following the Effective Time, the New Gold Director Nominees will be appointed to the Coeur Board and at the next annual general meeting of Coeur held to consider the election of directors that occurs following the Effective Date, the New Gold Director Nominees will be nominated by Coeur for election as a director of Coeur, provided that (i) the New Gold Director Nominees meet applicable qualification requirements under applicable Laws, and (ii) the New Gold Director Nominees have delivered to Coeur a consent to act as director of Coeur.

Other Covenants and Agreements

The Arrangement Agreement contains certain other covenants and agreements by both Coeur and New Gold, including covenants relating to:

(a) efforts to obtain the Regulatory Approvals required for completion of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement; (b) cooperation between Coeur and New Gold to mutually determine and use commercially reasonable efforts to implement any necessary, appropriate or desirable arrangements in respect of Coeur's and New Gold's and their respective Subsidiaries' credit agreements, indentures, hedging arrangements or other documents governing or relating to indebtedness of the Parties and their Subsidiaries; (c) cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in connection with public announcements and communications; (d) cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in the preparation and filing of this Circular and the Coeur Proxy Statement; (e) cooperation between Coeur and New Gold in respect of applicable tax filings related to the Arrangement; and (f) indemnification of directors and officers of New Gold and its Subsidiaries in respect of claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or prior to the Effective Time (as described further below under "Insurance Matters").

- 83?-

Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals

Non-Solicitation

Except as expressly provided in the Arrangement Agreement, neither Coeur nor New Gold shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, and shall not authorize any of their respective Representatives (including directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents, or other authorized Representatives) to:

(a) solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or otherwise knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing or providing copies of, access to, or disclosure of, any confidential information, properties, facilities, books or records of a Party or any of its Subsidiaries) any inquiry, proposal, or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal in respect of such Party; (b) engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person (other than the other Party or its affiliates) in respect of any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, provided that either Party may (i) advise any person of the restrictions of the Arrangement Agreement, (ii) clarify the terms of any proposal in order to determine if it is or may reasonably be expected to result in a Superior Proposal, and (iii) advise any person making an Acquisition Proposal that the board of directors of such Party has determined that such Acquisition Proposal does not constitute, or is not reasonably expected to result in, a Superior Proposal; or (c) make a New Gold Change in Recommendation or Coeur Change in Recommendation, as applicable.

Each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed to, and to cause its Subsidiaries and its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated, any existing solicitation, encouragement, discussion or negotiation with any person (other than the other Party or its affiliates) with respect to any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal and, in respect of such Party, and, in connection therewith, such Party has agreed to discontinue access to any of its and its Subsidiaries' confidential information (and not establish or allow access to any of its confidential information, or any data room, virtual or otherwise, in each case, except as permitted by the Arrangement Agreement) and shall as promptly as reasonably practicable request, and use commercially reasonable efforts to exercise all rights it has (or cause its Subsidiaries to exercise rights that they have) to require the return or destruction of all confidential information regarding the other Party and its Subsidiaries provided in the preceding 12-month period in connection therewith (to the extent such information has not already been returned or destroyed, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that such requests are complied with in accordance with the terms of such rights). Each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed to not authorize or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, amend, modify or release any third party from any confidentiality, non-solicitation or standstill agreement (or standstill provisions contained in any such agreement) to which such third party is a party (it being understood that the automatic termination or release of any standstill provisions contained in any such agreements as a result of the entering into or announcement of the Arrangement Agreement shall not be a violation of the Arrangement Agreement, or terminate, modify, amend or waive the terms thereof).

- 84?-

Notification of Acquisition Proposals

Each of Coeur and New Gold has agreed that if it or any of its Subsidiaries or Representatives, receives: (a) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal; or (b) any request for non-public information relating to the Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or access to the properties, books or records of the Party or any Subsidiary in connection with any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, then such Party shall:

(a) promptly notify the other Party orally and then as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (and, in any event, within 24 hours) in writing of such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request; (b) indicate the identity of the person or group of persons making such proposal, inquiry or contact and all material terms and conditions thereof; (c) provide a copy of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request and unredacted copies of all material written communications (and a summary of all substantive discussions) related thereto; and (d) keep the other Party promptly (and, in any event, within 24 hours) informed of the status and any change to the material terms, of any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request.

The Parties agree that they will not, directly or indirectly, enter into any agreement with any person which directly or indirectly prohibits such Party from providing any information to the other Party in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Arrangement Agreement.

Responding to an Acquisition Proposal

Notwithstanding the covenants described under "Non-Solicitation" above, if, prior to obtaining, in the case of Coeur, the Coeur Stockholder Approvals, or in the case of New Gold, the New Gold Shareholder Approval, either Coeur or New Gold receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal, such Party may: (a) engage in or participate in discussions and negotiations with the person or group of persons making such Acquisition Proposal; and (b) provide such person or group of persons non-public information relating to such Party or any of its Subsidiaries or access to the properties, books or records of such Party or any Subsidiary, if and only if:

(a) the board of directors of such Party determines, in good faith after consultation with its legal and financial advisors, that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or would reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to a Superior Proposal, and has provided the other Party with written notice of such determination; (b) the board of directors of such Party determines, in good faith after consultation with its legal and financial advisors, that the failure to participate in such discussions or negotiations or to disclose such non-public information to such third party would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law; (c) such Acquisition Proposal did not result from a breach of its non-solicitation covenants described above under the heading, "Non-Solicitation" above, in any material respect; and (d) prior to providing any such copies, access or disclosures, (i) such Party enters into a confidentiality agreement with such person, or confirms it has previously entered into such an agreement which remains in effect, in either case on terms not materially less stringent than the Confidentiality Agreement, (ii) such Party provides the other Party with a true, complete and final executed copy of such confidentiality agreement, and (iii) any such copies, access or disclosure provided to such person shall have already been or shall concurrently be provided to the other Party.

- 85?-

Superior Proposals and Right to Match

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur and New Gold have agreed that if, in the case of Coeur being the receiving party, prior to obtaining the Coeur Stockholder Approvals, or in the case of New Gold being the receiving party, prior to obtaining the New Gold Shareholder Approval, a Party receives a written bona fide Acquisition Proposal that its board of directors (after consultation with its legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith constitutes a Superior Proposal, such receiving party may make a New Gold Change in Recommendation or Coeur Change in Recommendation, as applicable, in respect of the Arrangement and/or enter into a definitive agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal, if and only if:

(a) such Acquisition Proposal did not result from a breach of its non-solicitation covenants described above under "Non-Solicitation" in any material respect; (b) prior to such receiving party making a New Gold Change in Recommendation or a Coeur Change in Recommendation, as applicable, and/or such receiving party entering into a definitive agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal, such receiving party has provided the other Party with notice in writing, which notice shall contain (i) a statement that the board of directors of the receiving Party has determined such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal, (ii) the value in financial terms that the board of directors of the receiving Party has determined should be ascribed to any non-cash consideration offered under such Superior Proposal, (iii) a copy of any definitive agreement relating to such Superior Proposal, and (iv) copies of any material financing documents provided to the receiving Party in connection therewith (with customary redactions); (c) at least five Business Days (the "Matching Period") have elapsed from the date that the other Party received the notice from the receiving party in respect of the Superior Proposal; (d) during the Matching Period, the other Party shall have had the opportunity (but not the obligation) to amend the terms of the Arrangement in accordance with the terms as described below; (e) after the Matching Period, the board of directors of the receiving Party (after consultation with its legal and financial advisors) has determined in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal continues to constitute a Superior Proposal compared to any proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement by the other Party; and (f) prior to or concurrently with entering into such definitive agreement in respect of the Superior Proposal, the receiving Party shall have terminated the Arrangement Agreement and shall have paid to the other Party the applicable termination payment as described below under "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement".

Coeur and New Gold acknowledge and agree that, during the Matching Period, (a) the other Party shall have the opportunity, but not the obligation, to propose to amend the terms of the Arrangement; (b) the receiving Party shall negotiate in good faith with the other Party regarding any amendments that the other Party may propose to the terms of the Arrangement as would enable the receiving Party to proceed with the Arrangement and any related transactions on such amended terms; and (c) the board of directors of the receiving Party shall review any proposal by the other Party to amend the terms of the Arrangement in order to determine in good faith whether such proposal, if implemented in accordance with its terms, would result in the Acquisition Proposal previously constituting a Superior Proposal, ceasing to constitute a Superior Proposal, compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement. If the board of directors of the receiving Party determines that such Acquisition Proposal would cease to constitute a Superior Proposal, as compared to the proposed amendments to the terms of the Arrangement, Coeur and New Gold will promptly amend the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement to reflect such proposed amendments.

The board of directors of the receiving Party shall promptly reaffirm the Coeur Board Recommendation or Board Recommendation, as applicable, by press release after: (a) any Acquisition Proposal which the board of directors of the receiving Party determines not to constitute a Superior Proposal is publicly announced; or (b) the board of directors of the receiving Party determines that a proposed amendment to the terms of the Arrangement as described in the foregoing paragraph would result in any Acquisition Proposal which has been publicly announced no longer constituting a Superior Proposal. The other Party and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the form and content of any such press release, recognizing that whether or not such comments are appropriate will be determined by the receiving Party, acting reasonably.

- 86?-

Nothing in the Arrangement Agreement shall prevent the board of directors of the receiving Party from: (a) calling and holding a meeting of Shareholders requisitioned by the Shareholders in accordance with the BCBCA, or calling and holding a meeting of Coeur Stockholders requisitioned by the Coeur Stockholders in accordance with Coeur's constating documents, as applicable; (b) calling and holding a meeting of Coeur Stockholders or Shareholders, as applicable, ordered to be held by a court in accordance with Law; (c) in the case of New Gold, responding through a directors' circular or otherwise, as required by applicable securities laws, to an Acquisition Proposal that it determines is not a Superior Proposal; or (d) in the case of Coeur, (i) disclosing to the Coeur Stockholders a position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated under the U.S. Exchange Act or other disclosure required to be made in the Coeur Proxy Statement by applicable Laws, and (ii) making any "stop, look and listen" communication to the Coeur Stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the U.S. Exchange Act, or any similar statement in response to any publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal; provided that any "stop, look and listen" statement, or any such similar statement also includes an express reaffirmation of the Coeur Board Recommendation.

Each successive amendment or modification of any Acquisition Proposal that results in an increase in, or modification of, the consideration (or value of such consideration) to be received by the Coeur Stockholders or the Shareholders, as applicable, or other material terms or conditions thereof, shall constitute a new Acquisition Proposal for the purposes of Coeur's and New Gold's obligations described under this Section (except that the Matching Period in respect of any successive amendment or modification shall be two Business Days).

Certain Employee Matters

The Arrangement Agreement sets forth certain provisions relating to compensation and benefits of New Gold Employees that generally apply following the Effective Time. From and after the Effective Time, Coeur shall cause New Gold and any successor to New Gold, to honour, satisfy, pay and fully comply in all material respects with the terms of all existing employment, consulting, indemnification, incentive and bonus (long-term and short-term) change in control, severance, notice, termination or other compensation arrangements and employment and severance obligations of New Gold and any of its Subsidiaries that were entered into prior to the date of the Arrangement Agreement in the ordinary course or otherwise disclosed to Coeur in the New Gold Disclosure Letter, including any such arrangements, agreements or obligations arising under or in connection with a New Gold Benefit Plan.

As soon as practicable following the date of the Arrangement Agreement, Coeur is required to provide New Gold with a list identifying all expected Non-Continuing Employees. Coeur and New Gold will consult in good faith in determining which New Gold Employees will be Non-Continuing Employees and the related employee communication plans between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Effective Time.

Within 30 days of the Effective Time, Coeur shall:

(a) grant Coeur Incentive Awards and target cash-based short-term incentive opportunities to each Continuing Employee that was not granted Incentive Awards and cash-based short-term incentive opportunities in the ordinary course in the period between the date of the Arrangement Agreement and the Effective Time, which Coeur Incentive Awards and cash-based short-term incentive opportunities shall have substantially the same value and terms, in the aggregate, as those Incentive Awards and cash-based short-term incentive opportunities that such Continuing Employee would have received in the ordinary course during such period; and (b) based on consultations with New Gold prior to the Effective Time, grant Coeur RSUs, as retention awards, to each holder of New Gold PSUs who is a Continuing Employee, which Coeur RSUs: (i) shall have substantially the same value as the difference in value between: (A) the cash payment the holder would have received for such holder's New Gold PSUs held as at the Effective Time if the holder was a Non-Continuing Employee; and (B) cash payment the holder of such New Gold PSUs actually received for the New Gold PSUs held at the Effective Time; and (ii) shall vest as to 50% on the first anniversary of the grant date and as to the remaining 50% on the second anniversary of the grant date.

- 87?-

Insurance Matters

Prior to the Effective Date, New Gold will purchase customary "tail" policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance providing protection no less favourable in the aggregate to the protection provided by the policies maintained by New Gold and its Subsidiaries which are in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date and providing protection in respect of claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or prior to the Effective Date and Coeur will, or will cause New Gold and its Subsidiaries to, maintain such tail policies in effect without any reduction in scope or coverage for six years from the Effective Date. Coeur has agreed to honour all rights to indemnification or exculpation existing on the date of the Arrangement Agreement in favour of present and former officers and directors of New Gold and its Subsidiaries, which will survive the completion of the Arrangement and will continue in full force and effect for a period of not less than six years from the Effective Date.

Termination of the Arrangement Agreement

Termination by Either Party

The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time by the mutual written agreement of Coeur and New Gold, or by either New Gold or Coeur if:

(a) Occurrence of Outside Date. The Effective Time has not occurred on or before May 15, 2026 (the "Initial Outside Date" and as may be extended as described below, the "Outside Date"), provided, however, that if the Effective Time has not occurred by such date by reason of the Regulatory Approvals not having been obtained and all other conditions have theretofore been satisfied (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Effective Time, each of which is capable of being satisfied at the Effective Time) or (to the extent permitted by Law) waived, the Initial Outside Date will be extended to August 15, 2026; except that the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement will not be available to any Party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties under the Arrangement Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur by the Outside Date. (b) Illegality. After the date of the Arrangement Agreement, there has been enacted, made or enforced any applicable Law (or any applicable Law shall have been amended) that makes consummation of the Arrangement illegal or otherwise prohibited or enjoins New Gold or Coeur from consummating the Arrangement and such applicable Law, prohibition or enjoinment has become final and non-appealable, provided that the Party seeking to terminate the Arrangement Agreement has used its commercially reasonable efforts to appeal or overturn such Law or otherwise have it lifted or rendered non-applicable in respect of the Arrangement Agreement, and provided further that the enactment, making, enforcement or amendment of such Law was not primarily due to the failure of such Party to perform any of its covenants or agreements thereunder. (c) Failure to Obtain New Gold Shareholder Approval. The New Gold Shareholder Approval has not been obtained at the Meeting (or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof) in accordance with the Interim Order, except that the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement will not be available to any Party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties in any material respect under the Arrangement Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure to receive the New Gold Shareholder Approval. (d) Failure to Obtain Coeur Stockholder Approvals. The Coeur Stockholder Approvals have not been obtained at the Coeur Meeting (or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof) in accordance with applicable Law, except that the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement will not be available to any Party whose failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements or breach of any of its representations and warranties in any material respect under the Arrangement Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure to receive the Coeur Stockholder Approvals.

- 88?-

Termination by Coeur

The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time by Coeur if:

(a) New Gold Change in Recommendation. The Board makes a New Gold Change in Recommendation described under "Non-Solicitation" above; (b) New Gold Material Breach of Non-Solicitation Covenants. New Gold breaches its non-solicitation covenants described under "Non-Solicitation" above in any material respect; (c) Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants by New Gold. Subject to compliance with the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement, (i) a breach of any representation or warranty by New Gold, or (ii) failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of New Gold set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than the non-solicitation covenants described under "Non-Solicitation" above), in each case, shall have occurred that would cause the mutual conditions precedent or additional conditions precedent to Coeur's and the Purchaser's obligations not to be satisfied, and (A) such breach or failure is incapable of being cured prior to the Outside Date, or (B) if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by the time provided in the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement; provided that Coeur is not then in breach of the Arrangement Agreement so as to cause any mutual condition precedent or additional conditions precedent to New Gold's obligations not to be satisfied; or (d) Coeur Superior Proposal. Prior to the receipt of the Coeur Stockholder Approvals, Coeur wishes to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Coeur Superior Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement and standstill agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement); provided that Coeur is then in compliance with its covenants relating to non-solicitation and Acquisition Proposals under the Arrangement Agreement in all material respects and that, prior to or concurrently with such termination, Coeur pays the Coeur Termination Payment described below.

Termination by New Gold

The Arrangement Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time by New Gold if:

(a) Coeur Change in Recommendation. The Coeur Board makes a Coeur Change in Recommendation described under "Non-Solicitation" above; (b) Coeur Material Breach of Non-Solicitation Covenants. Coeur breaches its non-solicitation covenants described under "Non-Solicitation" above in any material respect; (c) Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants by Coeur. Subject to compliance with the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement, (i) a breach of any representation or warranty by Coeur, or (ii) failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of Coeur set forth in the Arrangement Agreement (other than the non-solicitation covenants described under "Non-Solicitation" above), in each case, shall have occurred that would cause the mutual conditions precedent or additional conditions precedent to New Gold's obligations not to be satisfied, and (A) such breach or failure is incapable of being cured prior to the Outside Date, or (B) if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by the time provided in the notice and cure provisions of the Arrangement Agreement; provided that New Gold is not then in breach of the Arrangement Agreement so as to cause any mutual condition precedent or additional conditions precedent to Coeur's obligations not to be satisfied; or (d) New Gold Superior Proposal. Prior to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution, New Gold wishes to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a New Gold Superior Proposal (other than a confidentiality and standstill agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement); provided that New Gold is then in compliance with the covenants relating to non-solicitation and Acquisition Proposals described above in all material respects and that, prior to or concurrently with such termination, New Gold pays the New Gold Termination Payment described below.

- 89?-

Termination Payments

The Arrangement Agreement provides that: (a) if a Coeur Termination Payment Event occurs, Coeur shall pay, as liquidated damages in consideration for the loss of New Gold's rights under the Arrangement Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the Coeur Termination Payment of $413,705,000; and (b) if a New Gold Termination Payment Event occurs, New Gold shall pay, as liquidated damages in consideration for the loss of Coeur's rights under the Arrangement Agreement, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the New Gold Termination Payment of $254,725,000. In no event shall either Coeur or New Gold be obligated to pay the Coeur Termination Payment or the New Gold Termination Payment, respectively, on more than one occasion.

A "New Gold Termination Payment Event" means the termination of the Arrangement Agreement:

(a) by Coeur in the circumstances described in the paragraph "New Gold Change in Recommendation" or "New Gold Material Breach of Non-Solicitation Covenants" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Coeur" above; (b) by New Gold in the circumstances described in the paragraph "New Gold Superior Proposal" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by New Gold" above; or (c) by either Party in the circumstances described in the paragraphs "Occurrence of Outside Date" or "Failure to Obtain New Gold Shareholder Approval" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Either Party" above, or by Coeur in the circumstances described in the paragraph "Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants by New Gold" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Coeur" above, but, in each case, only if: (i) prior to such termination, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal in respect of New Gold shall have been made to New Gold and publicly announced by any person making the Acquisition Proposal (other than Coeur or its affiliates), (ii) such Acquisition Proposal has not expired or been withdrawn at least five Business Days prior to the Meeting, and (iii) within 12 months following the date of such termination, either (A) New Gold or one or more of its Subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of an Acquisition Proposal other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in (i) and (ii) above) and such Acquisition Proposal is subsequently consummated (whether or not within such 12-month period), or (B) an Acquisition Proposal (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in (i) and (ii) above) is consummated.

- 90?-

A "Coeur Termination Payment Event" means the termination of the Arrangement Agreement:

(a) by New Gold in the circumstances described in the paragraph "Coeur Change in Recommendation" or "Coeur Material Breach of Non-Solicitation Covenants" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by New Gold" above; (b) by Coeur in the circumstances described in the paragraph "Coeur Superior Proposal" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement -Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Coeur" above; or (c) by either Party in the circumstances described in the paragraphs "Occurrence of Outside Date" or "Failure to Obtain Coeur Stockholder Approvals" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Either Party" above, or by New Gold in the circumstances described in the paragraph "Breach of Representation or Warranty or Failure to Perform Covenants by Coeur" under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by New Gold" above, but, in each case, only if: (i) prior to such termination, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal in respect of Coeur shall have been made to Coeur and publicly announced by any person making the Acquisition Proposal (other than New Gold or its affiliates), (ii) such Acquisition Proposal has not expired or been withdrawn at least five Business Days prior to the Coeur Meeting, and (iii) within 12 months following the date of such termination, either (A) Coeur or one or more of its Subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement in respect of an Acquisition Proposal other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by the Arrangement Agreement (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in (i) and (ii) above) and such Acquisition Proposal is subsequently consummated (whether or not within such 12-month period), or (B) an Acquisition Proposal (whether or not such Acquisition Proposal is the same Acquisition Proposal referred to in (i) and (ii) above) is consummated.

For purposes of the New Gold Termination Payment Event and the Coeur Termination Payment Event referred to above, the term "Acquisition Proposal" has the meaning assigned thereto under "Glossary of Terms", except that any reference to "20%" therein is deemed to be a reference to "50%".

Expense Reimbursement Payable by New Gold

In the event that the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by either Coeur or New Gold in the circumstances described in the paragraphs "Failure to Obtain New Gold Shareholder Approval" under the heading "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Either Party" above, and the Board has not made a New Gold Change in Recommendation, New Gold will reimburse Coeur for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by Coeur's third-party Representatives in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of $33,965,000 (the "Expense Reimbursement Amount"). However, if New Gold is required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment to Coeur due to a New Gold Termination Payment Event occurring, New Gold will not be required to pay the Expense Reimbursement Amount to Coeur. If an Expense Reimbursement Amount has been paid in circumstances where the New Gold Termination Payment later becomes payable, the amount of the Expense Reimbursement Amount will be credited against the applicable termination payment.

Expense Reimbursement Payable by Coeur

In the event that the Arrangement Agreement is terminated by either Coeur or New Gold in the circumstances described in the paragraphs "Failure to Obtain Coeur Stockholder Approvals" under the heading "Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Either Party" above, and the Coeur Board has not made a Coeur Change in Recommendation, Coeur will reimburse New Gold for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by New Gold's third-party Representatives in respect of the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement, up to a maximum of the Expense Reimbursement Amount. However, if Coeur is required to pay the Coeur Termination Payment due to a Coeur Termination Payment Event occurring, Coeur will not be required to pay the Expense Reimbursement Amount to New Gold. If an Expense Reimbursement Amount has been paid in circumstances where the Coeur Termination Payment later becomes payable, the amount of the Expense Reimbursement Amount will be credited against the applicable termination payment.

- 91?-

Amendments

Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order, the Final Order, the Plan of Arrangement and applicable Laws, the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement may, at any time and from time to time before or after the holding of the Meeting but not later than the Effective Time, be amended by mutual written agreement of the Parties, without further notice to or authorization on the part of the Shareholders, and any such amendment may, without limitation:

(a) change the time for performance of any of the obligations or acts of the Parties; (b) waive any inaccuracies or modify any representation or warranty contained in the Arrangement Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant thereto; (c) waive compliance with or modify any of the covenants therein contained and waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of the Parties; and (d) waive compliance with or modify any mutual conditions precedent contained therein.

In addition, pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement:

(a) Coeur and New Gold reserve the right to amend, modify or supplement the Plan of Arrangement at any time and from time to time prior to the Effective Time, provided that each such amendment, modification or supplement must be (i) agreed to in writing by New Gold and Coeur, (ii) filed with the Court and, if made following the Meeting, approved by the Court, and (iii) communicated to Shareholders and holders of Incentive Awards if and as required by the Court. (b) Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order, any amendment, modification or supplement to the Plan of Arrangement may be proposed by Coeur and New Gold at any time prior to the Meeting (provided, however, that Coeur and New Gold shall have consented thereto in writing), with or without any other prior notice or communication and, if so proposed and accepted by the persons voting at the Meeting (other than as may be required under the Interim Order), shall become part of the Plan of Arrangement for all purposes. (c) Any amendment, modification or supplement to the Plan of Arrangement that is approved or directed by the Court following the Meeting shall be effective only if: (i) it is consented to in writing by each of Coeur and New Gold (each acting reasonably); and (ii) if required by the Court, it is consented to by the Shareholders voting in the manner directed by the Court. (d) Any amendment, modification or supplement to the Plan of Arrangement may be made by New Gold and Coeur without the approval of or communication to the Court or the Shareholders, provided that it concerns a matter which, in the reasonable opinion of New Gold and Coeur, is of an administrative or ministerial nature required to better give effect to the implementation of the Plan of Arrangement and is not adverse to the financial or economic interests of any of the Shareholders or holders of Incentive Awards. (e) The Plan of Arrangement may be withdrawn prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement.

Governing Law

The Arrangement Agreement is governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.

Injunctive Relief

In addition to any other remedy that may be available to each Party under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, a non-breaching Party will be entitled, without the requirement of posting a bond or other security, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief or specific performance, and the Parties shall not object to the granting of injunctive or other equitable relief on the basis that there exists an adequate remedy at Law.

- 92?-

Support and Voting Agreements

New Gold has entered into Coeur Support and Voting Agreements with the directors and senior officers of Coeur, pursuant to which the Coeur Supporting Shareholders have agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of the Coeur Support and Voting Agreements, to vote their Coeur Shares in favour of the Coeur Stock Issuance and the Coeur Charter Amendment. As at the Coeur Record Date, the Coeur Supporting Shareholders collectively beneficially owned or exercised control or direction over 9,327,427 Coeur Shares, representing approximately 1.5% of the issued and outstanding Coeur Shares.

The Coeur Support and Voting Agreements establish, among other things, the agreement of the Coeur Supporting Shareholders party thereto to: (a) vote their Coeur Shares (i) in favour of the approval, consent, ratification and adoption of the Coeur Stock Issuance, the Coeur Charter Amendment and any other matter necessary for the consummation of the Arrangement, and (ii) against any resolution, action, proposal, transaction or agreement proposed by any other person, that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement; and (b) not (i) sell, transfer, gift, assign, grant a participation interest in, option, pledge, hypothecate, grant a security or voting interest in or otherwise convey or encumber (each, a "Transfer"), or enter into any agreement, option or other arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement, forward sale or other monetization arrangement) with respect to the Transfer of any of their Coeur Shares to any person, other than pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, or (ii) agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

The Coeur Support and Voting Agreements automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the Effective Time; (b) the date on which the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms; and (c) the completion of the Coeur Meeting.

Coeur has entered into New Gold Support and Voting Agreements with the directors and officers of New Gold, pursuant to which the New Gold Supporting Shareholders have agreed, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions of the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements, to vote their New Gold Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution to approve the Arrangement. As at the Record Date, the New Gold Supporting Shareholders collectively beneficially owned or exercised control or direction over 738,780 New Gold Shares, representing approximately 0.1% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares.

The New Gold Support and Voting Agreements establish, among other things, the agreement of the New Gold Supporting Shareholders party thereto to: (a) vote their New Gold Shares (i) in favour of the approval, consent, ratification and adoption of the Arrangement Resolution and any other matter necessary for the consummation of the Arrangement, and (ii) against any resolution, action, proposal, transaction or agreement proposed by any other person, that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or reduce the likelihood of the successful completion of the Arrangement, or delay or interfere with the completion of the Arrangement; (b) not exercise any rights of dissent or rights of appraisal in connection with the Arrangement; and (c) not (i) Transfer, or enter into any agreement, option or other arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement, forward sale or other monetization arrangement) with respect to the Transfer of any of their New Gold Shares to any person, other than pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, or (ii) agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

The New Gold Support and Voting Agreements automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the Effective Time; (b) the date on which the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms; and (c) the completion of the Meeting.

The Coeur Supporting Shareholders and the New Gold Supporting Shareholders are bound under the Coeur Support and Voting Agreements and New Gold Support and Voting Agreements, respectively, solely in their capacity as securityholders. Nothing in the Coeur Support and Voting Agreements and the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements limits or restricts any actions of the Coeur Supporting Shareholders and New Gold Supporting Shareholders, respectively, taken by them in their capacity as a director and/or officer of Coeur or New Gold, as applicable, or limit in any way whatsoever the exercise of fiduciary duties as a director or officer of Coeur or New Gold, as applicable.

- 93?-

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Support and Voting Agreements and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Support and Voting Agreements. A copy of each of the form of New Gold Support and Voting Agreement and form of Coeur Support and Voting Agreement is appended as Schedule E and Schedule F, respectively, to the Arrangement Agreement available under New Gold's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov.

CERTAIN CANADIAN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

The following is, as of the date hereof, a summary of the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations under the Tax Act in respect of the Arrangement that are generally applicable to a beneficial owner of New Gold Shares who at all relevant times and for purposes of the Tax Act: (a) deals at arm's-length with each of New Gold and Coeur; (b) is not and will not be affiliated with either of New Gold or Coeur; and (c) holds New Gold Shares and will hold Coeur Shares received pursuant to the Arrangement as capital property (each such beneficial owner in this section, a "Holder"). Generally, New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares will be capital property to a Holder provided that the Holder does not hold such shares in the course of carrying on a business and has not acquired such shares in one or more transactions considered to be an adventure or concern in the nature of trade.

This summary is based on the facts set forth in this Circular, the current provisions of the Tax Act in force as of the date hereof, including the regulations thereunder, and counsel's understanding of the current administrative policies and assessing practices of the CRA publicly available in writing prior to the date hereof. This summary also takes into account all specific proposals to amend the Tax Act that have been publicly announced by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Canada) prior to the date hereof (the "Tax Proposals") and assumes that the Tax Proposals will be enacted in the form proposed. However, there can be no assurance that the Tax Proposals will be enacted in the form proposed, or at all. This summary is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations and, except for the Tax Proposals, does not otherwise take into account or anticipate any other changes in law, whether by judicial, governmental or legislative decision or action or changes in the administrative policies or assessing practices of the CRA, nor does it take into account other federal or any provincial, territorial or foreign income tax legislation or considerations, which may differ from the Canadian federal income tax considerations discussed herein.

This summary is not applicable to persons holding New Gold DSUs, New Gold Options, New Gold PSUs, New Gold RSUs or other conversion or exchange rights to acquire New Gold Shares, and the tax considerations relevant to such holders are not discussed herein. Any such persons referenced above should consult their own tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of the Arrangement.

In addition, this summary is not applicable to a Holder: (a) that is a "financial institution" (as defined in the Tax Act for the purposes of the "mark-to-market rules"); (b) that is a "specified financial institution" or a "restricted financial institution" (both as defined in the Tax Act); (c) an interest in which is, or whose New Gold Shares are or Coeur Shares would be, a "tax shelter" or a "tax shelter investment" (as defined in the Tax Act); (d) that has made a "functional currency" election to report its "Canadian tax results" (as defined in the Tax Act) in a currency other than Canadian currency; (e) that is a "foreign affiliate" (as defined in the Tax Act) of a taxpayer resident in Canada; (f) if Coeur, or any of its subsidiaries, is at any time a "foreign affiliate", as defined in the Tax Act, of such Holder or of another corporation resident in Canada that does not deal at arm's length with the Holder for the purposes of the Tax Act (including for the purposes of any "specified provision" listed in paragraphs 93.1(1.1)(a-d) of the Tax Act); (g) that has entered into or will enter into a "synthetic disposition agreement", or a "derivative forward agreement" (as such terms are defined in the Tax Act) with respect to New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares; (h) that is exempt from tax under Part I of the Tax Act; or (i) that acquired or will acquire any of their New Gold Shares under an equity-based employment compensation arrangement or otherwise by virtue of employment with New Gold or as a service provider to New Gold, including in connection with the exercise, surrender or transfer of such an incentive under the Arrangement. All such Holders should consult with their own tax advisors to determine the tax consequences to them of the Arrangement.

- 94?-

This summary is of a general nature only and is not exhaustive of all possible Canadian federal income tax considerations. This summary is not, and should not be construed as, legal, business or tax advice to any particular Holder and no representation with respect to the tax consequences to any particular Holder is made. Accordingly, all Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Canadian federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement applicable to their particular circumstances, and any other consequences to them of such transactions under Canadian federal, provincial, local and foreign tax Laws.

Currency Conversion

Subject to certain exceptions that are not discussed herein, for the purposes of the Tax Act, all amounts relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of securities (including dividends, adjusted cost base and proceeds of disposition) must be expressed in Canadian dollars. Amounts denominated in another currency must be converted into Canadian dollars as determined in accordance with the Tax Act, generally based on the Bank of Canada daily exchange rate on the date such amounts arise or such other rate of exchange as is acceptable to the Minister of National Revenue (Canada). The amount of dividends to be included in the income of, and the amount of capital gains or capital losses realized by, a Holder may be affected by fluctuation in the relevant Canadian dollar exchange rate.

Holders Resident in Canada

This portion of the summary is generally applicable to a Holder who, at all relevant times, for purposes of the Tax Act and any applicable income tax treaty or convention is, or is deemed to be, resident in Canada (a "Resident Holder").

Certain Resident Holders whose New Gold Shares might not otherwise qualify as capital property may, in certain circumstances, be eligible to make an irrevocable election in accordance with subsection 39(4) of the Tax Act to have their New Gold Shares (but not their Coeur Shares) and every other "Canadian security" (as defined in the Tax Act) owned by such Resident Holder in the taxation year in which the election is made or in any subsequent taxation year, be deemed to be capital property. Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors as to whether they hold or will hold their New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares as capital property and whether such election can or should be made in respect of their New Gold Shares.

Disposition of New Gold Shares under the Arrangement

Under the Arrangement, a Resident Holder (other than a Resident Dissenter) will dispose of their New Gold Shares to the Purchaser in consideration for Coeur Shares pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. Such a Resident Holder will be considered to have disposed of each New Gold Share for proceeds of disposition equal to the aggregate fair market value of the Consideration received by the Resident Holder in exchange therefor. As a result, the Resident Holder will generally realize a capital gain (or a capital loss) to the extent that such proceeds of disposition exceed (or are less than) the aggregate of the Resident Holder's adjusted cost base of the New Gold Shares immediately before the time of disposition and any reasonable costs of disposition. The treatment of capital gains and capital losses is discussed below under "Holders Resident in Canada - Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses" below.

The cost of the Coeur Shares acquired by a Resident Holder will be equal to the fair market value of the Coeur Shares at the time of acquisition. For the purpose of determining the adjusted cost base of a Coeur Share to a Resident Holder, when a Coeur Share is acquired, the cost of the newly acquired Coeur Share will be averaged with the adjusted cost base of all identical Coeur Shares, if any, owned by the Resident Holder as capital property immediately before that acquisition.

Dissenting Resident Holders

A Resident Holder who validly exercises Dissent Rights (a "Resident Dissenter") will be deemed to have transferred such Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares to New Gold under the Arrangement and will be entitled to receive a payment from New Gold of an amount equal to the fair value of the Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares.

- 95?-

A Resident Dissenter who is entitled to be paid the fair value of their New Gold Shares by New Gold will be deemed to have received a taxable dividend in the taxation year of payment equal to the amount, if any, by which such payment (other than that portion that is in respect of interest, if any, awarded by the Court) exceeds the "paid-up capital" (determined for purposes of the Tax Act) attributable to such Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares immediately before their surrender to New Gold pursuant to the Arrangement.

A Resident Dissenter who is an individual will be required to include in income the amount of any dividend deemed to be received on the Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares and will be subject to the gross-up and dividend tax credit rules normally applicable to taxable dividends received from a "taxable Canadian corporation", as defined in the Tax Act, including the enhanced gross-up and dividend tax credit rules applicable to any dividends designated by New Gold as "eligible dividends", as defined in the Tax Act.

A Resident Dissenter that is a corporation will be required to include in income any dividend deemed to be received on the Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares, but generally will be entitled to deduct an equivalent amount in computing its taxable income. Resident Dissenters that are corporations should consult their tax advisors on the potential application of subsection 55(2) of the Tax Act that may result in a portion or all of such dividends being treated as proceeds of disposition or a capital gain, to the extent and under the circumstances specified in the Tax Act.

A Resident Dissenter that is a "private corporation" or a "subject corporation" (both, as defined in the Tax Act) may be liable under Part IV of the Tax Act to pay a tax (refundable under certain circumstances) on any dividend that it is deemed to receive on New Gold Shares to the extent that the dividend is deductible in computing the Resident Dissenter's taxable income.

Taxable dividends received by a Resident Dissenter that is an individual or trust, other than certain specified trusts, may give rise to alternative minimum tax under the Tax Act. See "Holders Resident in Canada - Alternative Minimum Tax" below.

In addition, a Resident Dissenter will be considered to have disposed of such New Gold Shares for proceeds of disposition equal to the payment received (other than that portion that is in respect of interest, if any, awarded by the Court), less the amount of any deemed dividend arising on the surrender of such New Gold Shares as described above. The Resident Dissenter will, in general, realize a capital gain (or a capital loss) equal to the amount by which such proceeds of disposition, net of any reasonable costs of disposition, exceed (or are less than) the adjusted cost base to such Resident Dissenter of the New Gold Shares immediately before their surrender to New Gold pursuant to the Arrangement. The treatment of capital gains and capital losses is discussed below under "Holders Resident in Canada - Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses".

A Resident Dissenter will be required to include in computing their income any interest awarded by a court in connection with the Arrangement.

Additional Refundable Tax

A Resident Holder that is, throughout the relevant taxation year, a "Canadian-controlled private corporation" (as defined in the Tax Act) or, at any time in the year, a "substantive CCPC" (as defined in the Tax Act) may be liable to pay an additional tax (refundable in certain circumstances) on its "aggregate investment income". For this purpose, aggregate investment income will include an amount in respect of taxable capital gains, dividends or deemed dividends not deductible in computing taxable income, and interest.

Dividends on Coeur Shares

A Resident Holder will be required to include in computing income for a taxation year the amount of dividends, if any, received or deemed to be received in respect of Coeur Shares, including amounts withheld for foreign withholding tax, if any. For individuals (including certain trusts), such dividends will not be subject to the gross-up and dividend tax credit rules under the Tax Act normally applicable to taxable dividends received by an individual from a taxable Canadian corporation. A Resident Holder including a Resident Holder that is a corporation will generally not be entitled to deduct the amount of such dividends in computing its taxable income.

- 96?-

Subject to the detailed rules in the Tax Act, a Resident Holder may be entitled to a foreign tax credit or deduction for any foreign withholding tax paid with respect to dividends received by the Resident Holder on the Coeur Shares. Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the availability of a foreign tax credit or deduction having regard to their own particular circumstances.

Dispositions of Coeur Shares

A Resident Holder that disposes or is deemed to dispose of a Coeur Share in a taxation year will realize a capital gain (or capital loss) in the year of the disposition equal to the amount by which the proceeds of disposition of the Coeur Share exceeds (or is less than) the Resident Holder's adjusted cost base immediately before the disposition and any reasonable costs of disposition. The treatment of capital gains and capital losses is discussed below under "Holders Resident in Canada - Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses".

In certain circumstances foreign tax may be required to be paid by a Resident Holder in connection with the realization of a capital gain on the disposition of Coeur Shares. Any such foreign tax may be eligible for a deduction or credit under the Tax Act. Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding their eligibility for such deductions or credits having regard to their own particular circumstances.

Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses

Generally, a Resident Holder will be required to include in computing its income for a taxation year one-half of the amount of any capital gain (a "taxable capital gain") realized by it in the year. Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Tax Act, a Resident Holder must deduct one-half of the amount of any capital loss (an "allowable capital loss") realized in a taxation year from taxable capital gains realized by such Resident Holder in that taxation year. Allowable capital losses in excess of taxable capital gains in a particular taxation year may be carried back and deducted in any of the three preceding taxation years or carried forward and deducted in any subsequent taxation year against net taxable capital gains realized in such year to the extent and under the circumstances specified in the Tax Act.

The amount of a capital loss otherwise arising on the disposition of a New Gold Share by a Resident Holder that is a corporation may, to the extent and under the circumstances specified in the Tax Act, be reduced by dividends previously received or deemed to have been received on such share (or on a share for which such share was exchanged). Similar rules may apply to a partnership or trust of which a corporation, partnership or trust is a member or beneficiary. Resident Holders to whom these rules may be relevant should consult their own tax advisors.

Alternative Minimum Tax

Dividends received or deemed to be received on the New Gold Shares, or a capital gain realized on the New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares by a Resident Holder who is an individual (including certain trusts) may give rise to a liability for alternative minimum tax under the Tax Act. Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors having regard to their own particular circumstances.

Offshore Investment Fund Property Rules

The Tax Act contains provisions (the "OIF Rules") which may, in certain circumstances, require a Resident Holder to include an amount in income in each taxation year in respect of the acquisition and holding of Coeur Shares, if (a) the value of such Coeur Shares may reasonably be considered to be derived, directly or indirectly, primarily from portfolio investments in certain assets described in paragraph 94.1(1)(b) of the Tax Act, particularly (i) shares of the capital stock of one or more corporations, (ii) indebtedness or annuities, (iii) interests in one or more corporations, trusts, partnerships, organizations, funds or entities, (iv) commodities, (v) real estate, (vi) Canadian or foreign resource properties, (vii) currency of a country other than Canada, (viii) rights or options to acquire or dispose of any of the foregoing, or (ix) any combination of the foregoing (collectively, "Investment Assets"); and (b) it may reasonably be concluded that one of the main reasons for the Resident Holder acquiring, holding or having the Coeur Shares was to derive a benefit from portfolio investments in Investment Assets in such a manner that the taxes, if any, on the income, profits and gains from such Investment Assets for any particular year are significantly less than the tax that would have been applicable under Part I of the Tax Act if the income, profits and gains had been earned directly by the Resident Holder.

- 97?-

In making the determination under item (b) in the preceding paragraph, the OIF Rules provide that regard must be had to all of the circumstances, including: (a) the nature, organization and operation of any non-resident entity, including the Coeur, and the form of, and the terms and conditions governing, the Resident Holder's interest in, or connection with, any such non-resident entity; (b) the extent to which any income, profit and gains that may reasonably be considered to be earned or accrued, whether directly or indirectly, for the benefit of any such non-resident entity, including Coeur, are subject to an income or profits tax that is significantly less than the income tax that would be applicable to such income, profits and gains if they were earned directly by the Resident Holder; and (c) the extent to which any income, profits and gains of any such non-resident entity, including Coeur, for any fiscal period are distributed in that or the immediately following fiscal period.

If applicable, the OIF Rules generally require a Resident Holder to include in the Resident Holder's income for each taxation year in which such Resident Holder owns Coeur Shares the amount, if any, by which (a) the total of all amounts each of which is the product obtained when the Resident Holder's "designated cost" (as defined in the Tax Act) of Coeur Shares at the end of a month in the year is multiplied by 1/12 of the aggregate of the prescribed rate of interest for the period including that month plus two percentage points exceeds (b) any dividends or other amounts included in computing such Resident Holder's income for the year (other than a capital gain) in respect of Coeur Shares determined without reference to the OIF Rules. Any amount required to be included in computing a Resident Holder's income in respect of Coeur Shares under these provisions will be added to the adjusted cost base and the designated cost of Coeur Shares to the Resident Holder.

The OIF Rules are complex and their application and consequences depend, to a large extent, on the reasons for a Resident Holder acquiring or holding Coeur Shares. Resident Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application and consequences of the OIF Rules in their own particular circumstances.

Foreign Property Information Reporting

Generally, a Resident Holder that is a "specified Canadian entity" (as defined in the Tax Act) for a taxation year or a fiscal period and whose total "cost amount" of "specified foreign property" (as such terms are defined in the Tax Act), including the Coeur Shares, at any time in the year or fiscal period exceeds C$100,000 will be required to file an information return with the CRA for the taxation year or fiscal period disclosing prescribed information. Subject to certain exceptions, a Resident Holder, other than a corporation or trust exempt from tax under Part I of the Tax Act, will be a "specified Canadian entity," as will certain partnerships.

Penalties may apply where a Resident Holder fails to file the required information return in respect of such Resident Holder's "specified foreign property" (as defined in the Tax Act) on a timely basis in accordance with the Tax Act. The reporting rules in the Tax Act are complex and this summary does not purport to address all circumstances in which reporting may be required by a Resident Holder. Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the reporting rules contained in the Tax Act and compliance with these reporting requirements.

Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans

Provided that the Coeur Shares are and continue to be listed on a "designated stock exchange" (as defined in the Tax Act and which currently includes the NYSE), such Coeur Shares will be qualified investments under the Tax Act for trusts governed by registered retirement savings plans ("RRSPs"), registered retirement income funds ("RRIFs"), registered disability savings plans ("RDSPs"), deferred profit sharing plans, registered education savings plans ("RESPs"), first home savings accounts ("FHSAs"), and tax-free savings accounts ("TFSAs" and, together with RRSP, RRIF, RDSP, RESP, and FHSA, "Registered Plans").

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Coeur Share is a "prohibited investment" (as defined in the Tax Act) for a trust governed by a Registered Plan, the holder, subscriber or annuitant of the Registered Plan, as the case may be, will be subject to a penalty tax as set out in the Tax Act. Based on the current provisions of the Tax Act in force as of the date hereof and the regulations thereunder, a Coeur Share will not be a prohibited investment for a trust governed by a Registered Plan, provided that the holder, subscriber or annuitant of the Registered Plan, as the case may be, (a) deals at arm's-length with Coeur for purposes of the Tax Act; and (b) does not have a "significant interest" (as defined in the Tax Act) in Coeur. In addition, Coeur Shares will generally not be a prohibited investment if such shares are "excluded property" (as defined in the Tax Act) for a Registered Plan.

- 98?-

Resident Holders who will hold or who intend to hold the Coeur Shares in a Registered Plan should consult their own tax advisors regarding their particular circumstances in advance of the Arrangement.

Holders Not Resident in Canada

The following portion of the summary is generally applicable to a Holder who, at all relevant times, for purposes of the Tax Act and any applicable income tax treaty, (a) is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in Canada; (b) does not, and will not, use or hold, and is not deemed to, and will not be deemed to, use or hold, New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares in connection with carrying on a business in Canada; and (c) is not a "specified non-resident shareholder" of New Gold, or a person who does not deal at arm's length with a "specified shareholder" of New Gold, for purposes of the "thin capitalization" rules in the Tax Act (a "Non-Resident Holder"). Special rules, which are not discussed in this summary, apply to a Holder that is an "authorized foreign bank" (as defined in the Tax Act) or an insurer carrying on business in Canada or elsewhere. Such Holders should consult their own tax advisors.

Disposition of New Gold Shares under the Arrangement

A Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Tax Act on any capital gain, or entitled to deduct any capital loss, realized on the disposition of New Gold Shares to Coeur under the Arrangement unless the New Gold Shares constitute "taxable Canadian property" and do not constitute "treaty-protected property" (each as defined in the Tax Act) to the Non-Resident Holder.

Generally, a New Gold Share will not be taxable Canadian property of a Non-Resident Holder at a particular time provided that the New Gold Share is listed on a "designated stock exchange" (which currently includes the NYSE American and the TSX) unless, at any time during the 60 month period immediately preceding the disposition: (a) the Non-Resident Holder, any one or more other persons with whom the Non-Resident Holder did not deal at arm's-length, any partnership in which the Non-Resident Holder or a person with whom the Non-Resident Holder did not deal at arm's-length holds a membership interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships, or the Non-Resident Holder together with such persons and partnerships, held 25% or more of the issued shares of any class or series in the capital of New Gold; and (b) more than 50% of the fair market value of the New Gold Share was derived directly or indirectly from one or any combination of real or immovable property situated in Canada, "Canadian resource properties" or "timber resource properties" (both as defined in the Tax Act), and options in respect of, or interests in, or for civil law rights in, any such properties (whether or not such property exists). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in certain other circumstances a New Gold Share could be deemed to be taxable Canadian property for the purposes of the Tax Act. Non-Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors in this regard.

Even if New Gold Shares are taxable Canadian property to a Non-Resident Holder, a taxable capital gain resulting from the disposition of the New Gold Shares will not be included in computing the Non-Resident Holder's taxable income earned in Canada for the purposes of the Tax Act if, at the time of the disposition, the New Gold Shares constitute "treaty-protected property" of the Non-Resident Holder for purposes of the Tax Act. New Gold Shares will generally be considered "treaty-protected property" of a Non-Resident Holder for purposes of the Tax Act at the time of the disposition if the gain from the disposition is, because of an applicable income tax treaty, exempt from tax under the Tax Act.

In the event that the New Gold Shares constitute taxable Canadian property and are not treaty-protected property (as defined in the Tax Act) to a particular Non-Resident Holder, the Non-Resident Holder will generally be subject to the tax considerations described above under "Holders Resident in Canada - Disposition of New Gold Shares under the Arrangement" and "Holders Resident in Canada - Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses". A Non-Resident Holder who disposes of taxable Canadian property that is not treaty-protected property may have to file a Canadian income tax return for the year in which the disposition occurs, regardless of whether the Non-Resident Holder is liable for tax under the Tax Act in respect of such disposition.

- 99?-

Non-Resident Holders whose New Gold Shares are, or may be, taxable Canadian property should consult their own tax advisors for advice having regard to their particular circumstances, including whether their New Gold Shares constitute treaty-protected property, and any resulting Canadian tax reporting obligations.

Dissenting Non-Resident Holders

A Non-Resident Holder of New Gold Shares who validly exercises Dissent Rights (a "Non-Resident Dissenter") will be deemed to have transferred such Non-Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares to New Gold under the Arrangement and will be entitled to receive a payment from New Gold of an amount equal to the fair value of the Non-Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares.

A Non-Resident Dissenter who is entitled to be paid the fair value of their New Gold Shares by New Gold will be deemed to have received a taxable dividend in the taxation year of payment equal to the amount, if any, by which such payment (other than that portion that is in respect of interest, if any, awarded by the Court) exceeds the "paid-up capital" (determined for purposes of the Tax Act) attributable to such Non-Resident Dissenter's New Gold Shares immediately before their surrender to New Gold pursuant to the Arrangement. Any such deemed dividend will be subject to Canadian withholding tax at a rate of 25% of the gross amount of the dividend. The withholding tax may be reduced pursuant to the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or convention. Under the Canada-United States Tax Convention (1980), as amended (the "Canada-U.S. Tax Treaty"), the withholding rate on any such deemed dividend beneficially owned by a Non-Resident Holder that is a resident of the United States for purposes of the Canada-U.S. Tax Treaty and fully entitled to the benefits of such treaty is generally reduced to 15%.

In addition, a Non-Resident Dissenter will be considered to have disposed of such New Gold Shares for proceeds of disposition equal to the payment received (other than that portion that is in respect of interest, if any, awarded by the Court), less the amount of any deemed dividend arising on the surrender of such New Gold Shares as described above. The Resident Dissenter will, in general, realize a capital gain (or a capital loss) equal to the amount by which such proceeds of disposition, net of any reasonable costs of disposition, exceed (or are less than) the adjusted cost base to such Resident Dissenter of the New Gold Shares immediately before their surrender to New Gold pursuant to the Arrangement.

As discussed above under "Holders Not Resident in Canada - Disposition of New Gold Shares under the Arrangement", any resulting capital gain would only be subject to tax under the Tax Act if the New Gold Shares are taxable Canadian property to the Non-Resident Holder at the Effective Time and are not treaty-protected property of the Non-Resident Holder at that time.

Any interest awarded by a court in connection with the Arrangement and paid or deemed to be paid to a Non-Resident Dissenter will generally not be subject to Canadian withholding tax unless such interest constitutes "participating debt interest" (as defined in the Tax Act).

Non-Resident Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the Canadian federal income tax consequences of exercising their Dissent Rights.

Dividends on Coeur Shares

Dividends paid on Coeur Shares to a Non-Resident Holder will generally not be subject to Canadian withholding tax or other income tax under the Tax Act.

Dispositions of Coeur Shares

A Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Tax Act on any capital gain realized on the disposition or deemed disposition of Coeur Shares unless such Coeur Shares constitute "taxable Canadian property" (as defined in the Tax Act) of the Non-Resident Holder and are not "treaty-protected property" (as defined in the Tax Act) of the Non-Resident Holder at the time of such disposition or deemed disposition.

- 100?-

The circumstances under which Coeur Shares may be "taxable Canadian property" or "treaty-protected property", and consequences to a Non-Resident Holder of disposing of Coeur Shares that are "taxable Canadian property" and are not "treaty protected property", are generally the same as those described above with respect to New Gold Shares under "Holders Not Resident in Canada - Disposition of New Gold Shares under the Arrangement".

Non-Resident Holders whose Coeur Shares may constitute taxable Canadian property are urged to consult their own tax advisers with respect to the Canadian federal income tax consequences to them of disposing of Coeur Shares, including any resulting Canadian tax reporting obligations.

CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

The following is a general discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations under the U.S. Tax Code, generally applicable to certain U.S. Holders relating to the Arrangement, the receipt of the Consideration pursuant to the Arrangement, and the ownership and disposition of the Coeur Shares by such U.S. Holders following the Arrangement. This discussion is based upon the provisions of the U.S. Tax Code, existing final and temporary U.S. Treasury Regulations, the Canada-United States Tax Convention (1980), as amended, and current administrative rulings and court decisions in effect on the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, and to differing interpretations. Changes in these authorities may cause the U.S. federal income tax consequences to vary substantially from those described below.

This summary does not address the U.S. federal alternative minimum, U.S. federal estate and gift, U.S. state or local, U.S. federal net investment income or non-U.S. tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the Arrangement or the ownership and disposition of Coeur Shares received pursuant to the Arrangement. This summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences of transactions effected prior to or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the Arrangement (whether or not any such transactions are undertaken in connection with the Arrangement), and does not address any vesting, conversion, assumption, disposition, exercise, exchange, or other transaction involving New Gold Options, New Gold PSUs, New Gold RSUs, and New Gold DSUs or any rights to acquire New Gold Shares. In addition, except as specifically set forth below, this summary does not discuss applicable tax reporting requirements.

No legal opinion from U.S. legal counsel or ruling from the IRS has been requested, or is expected to be obtained, regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. This discussion is not binding on the IRS or any court, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position or that such a position would not be sustained by a court. This discussion also assumes that the Arrangement is carried out as described in this Circular and that the Arrangement is not integrated with any other transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

This discussion is for general information only and is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice to any holder of New Gold Shares (or, after the Arrangement, Coeur Shares) and no opinion or representation with respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences to any such holder is made. This summary does not take into account the individual facts and circumstances of any particular U.S. Holder that may affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences to such U.S. Holder, including specific tax consequences to a U.S. Holder under an applicable tax treaty. This discussion applies only to U.S. Holders that own New Gold Shares and will own Coeur Shares as "capital assets" within the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Tax Code (generally, property held for investment), and does not discuss all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to specific U.S. Holders in light of their particular circumstances or to U.S. Holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, including without limitation:

· banks, trusts, mutual funds and other financial institutions; · regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; · traders in securities that elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting; · brokers, dealers or traders in securities, currencies or commodities;

- 101?-

· tax-exempt organizations, tax-qualified retirement accounts, or pension funds; · insurance companies; · dealers or brokers in securities or foreign currency; · individual retirement and other tax-deferred accounts; · U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; · U.S. expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; · persons subject to taxing jurisdictions other than, or in addition to, the United States; · persons subject to special tax accounting rules; · U.S. Holders that own, directly, indirectly or constructively, five percent (5%) or more of the total voting power or total value of all of the outstanding stock of New Gold or Coeur, as applicable; · persons liable for the alternative minimum tax; · holders that hold their shares as part of a straddle, hedging, conversion, constructive sale or other risk reduction transaction; · holders other than U.S. Holders; · partnerships or other pass-through entities (and partners or other owners thereof); · S corporations (and shareholders thereof); · U.S. Holders that hold their New Gold Shares (or after the Arrangement, Coeur Shares) in connection with a trade or business, permanent establishment, or fixed base outside the U.S.; · U.S. Holders that acquired their New Gold Shares through gift or inheritance; and · holders, such as holders of New Gold Options, New Gold DSUs, New Gold PSUs and New Gold RSUs, who received their New Gold Shares through the exercise or cancellation of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation for services or through a tax-qualified retirement plan.

U.S. Holders that are subject to special provisions under the U.S. Tax Code, including U.S. Holders described immediately above, should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. tax consequences relating to the Arrangement, the receipt of the Consideration pursuant to the Arrangement, and the ownership and disposition of the Coeur Shares by such U.S. Holders following the Arrangement.

U.S. Holders are urged to also review the separate discussion concerning Canadian federal income tax consequences. See "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations".

For purposes of this discussion, a "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of New Gold Shares at the time of the Arrangement and, to the extent applicable, Coeur Shares following the Arrangement, that is:

· an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes; · a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

- 102?-

· an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or · a trust if (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or (b) the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If a partnership, including for this purpose any entity or arrangement that is treated as a partnership or other "pass-through" entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds New Gold Shares at the time of the Arrangement or, to the extent applicable, Coeur Shares following the Arrangement, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A shareholder that is a partnership and a partner (or other owner) in such partnership is urged to consult its own tax advisors about the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Arrangement.

THIS SUMMARY IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF ALL UNITED STATES TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE ARRANGEMENT AND HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF COEUR SHARES RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE ARRANGEMENT. SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME AND OTHER TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE ARRANGEMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAX LAWS.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Arrangement and the Receipt of the Consideration Pursuant to the Arrangement

It is intended that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Arrangement qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code. However, no opinion of counsel has been obtained, and neither Coeur nor New Gold intends to seek a ruling from the IRS regarding the characterization of the Arrangement for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not disagree with or challenge the intended characterization of the Arrangement for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Tax Consequences if the Arrangement Qualifies as a Reorganization

If the Arrangement qualifies as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code, and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, the following U.S. federal income tax consequences will result for U.S. Holders who do not exercise Dissent Rights:

· a U.S. Holder should not recognize gain or loss on the exchange of New Gold Shares for Coeur Shares pursuant to the Arrangement; · the aggregate tax basis of Coeur Shares acquired by a U.S. Holder pursuant to the Arrangement should be equal to such U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis in the New Gold Shares surrendered in exchange therefor; and · the holding period of a U.S. Holder for Coeur Shares acquired pursuant to the Arrangement should include such U.S. Holder's holding period for New Gold Shares surrendered in exchange therefor.

If a U.S. Holder holds different blocks of New Gold Shares (generally as a result of having acquired different blocks of shares at different times or at different costs), such U.S. Holder's tax basis and holding period in its Coeur Shares may be determined with reference to each block of New Gold Shares surrendered in exchange therefor. Any such holder is urged to consult its own tax advisors with regard to identifying the bases or holding periods of the particular Coeur Shares received in the Arrangement.

- 103?-

In general, if the Arrangement does not qualify as a "reorganization", and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, the following U.S. federal income tax consequences will result for U.S. Holders who do not exercise Dissent Rights:

· a U.S. Holder will recognize gain or loss on the exchange of New Gold Shares for Coeur Shares pursuant to the Arrangement in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (a) the fair market value of the Coeur Shares received in exchange for the New Gold Shares and (b) the adjusted tax basis of such U.S. Holder in the New Gold Shares surrendered in exchange therefor; · the aggregate tax basis of a U.S. Holder in the Coeur Shares acquired pursuant to the Arrangement will be equal to the fair market value of such Coeur Shares on the date of receipt; and · the holding period of a U.S. Holder for the Coeur Shares acquired pursuant to the Arrangement will begin on the day after the date of receipt.

Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, any gain or loss described in the first bullet point immediately above would be capital gain or loss, which would be long-term capital gain or loss if such New Gold Shares are held for more than one year on the date of the exchange. For these purposes, U.S. Holders must calculate gain or loss separately for each identified block of New Gold Shares (that is, the New Gold Shares acquired at the same cost in a single transaction) surrendered in exchange for Coeur Shares pursuant to the Arrangement. Certain non-corporate U.S. Holders are entitled to preferential tax rates with respect to net long-term capital gains. Deductions for capital losses are subject to complex limitations under the U.S. Tax Code. Any capital gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder will generally be treated as "U.S. source" gain or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.

Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations

In General

A non-U.S. entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be treated as a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of section 1297 of the U.S. Tax Code ("PFIC") in any taxable year in which, after taking into account the income and assets of the corporation and certain subsidiaries pursuant to "look through" rules, either: (a) at least 75% of its gross income is "passive" income; or (b) at least 50% of the average value of its assets is attributable to assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. For purposes of these tests, "passive income" includes dividends, interest, gains from the sale or exchange of investment property, rents and royalties other than rents and royalties that are received from unrelated parties in connection with the active conduct of a trade or business, and the excess of gains over losses from certain commodities transactions, including transactions involving gold and other precious metals. Passive income generally excludes active business gains arising from the sale of commodities, if substantially all of a non-U.S. corporation's commodities are stock in trade or inventory, real and depreciable property used in a trade or business, or supplies regularly used or consumed in a trade or business, and certain other requirements are met.

Based on New Gold's income, assets, and activities, New Gold believes that it is not classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year and does not anticipate being classified as a PFIC in the taxable year that includes the closing of the Arrangement (if different). In addition, New Gold believes that it was not classified as a PFIC within the previous five taxable years. However, no opinion of legal counsel or ruling from the IRS concerning the PFIC status of New Gold has been obtained or will be requested. The determination of whether any corporation was, is or will be, a PFIC for a tax year depends, in part, on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations. In addition, whether any corporation will be a PFIC for any tax year depends on the assets and income of such corporation over the entire course of each such tax year and, as a result, often cannot be predicted with certainty for the current tax year or for any future tax year. There cannot be any assurance that the IRS will not challenge any determination New Gold might make concerning its PFIC status in any taxable year. If New Gold is a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. Holder holds its shares, such holder will be subject to the rules described below under "Consequences of PFIC Status".

Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding New Gold's PFIC status.

- 104?-

Consequences of PFIC Status

Even if the Arrangement qualifies as a reorganization with the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code, section 1291(f) of the U.S. Tax Code provides that, to the extent provided in U.S. Treasury Regulations, a U.S. Holder that disposes of PFIC stock must recognize gain notwithstanding any other provisions of the U.S. Tax Code. Under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, if New Gold is determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in a U.S. Holder's holding period for its New Gold Shares and either the U.S. Holder did not make a timely qualified electing fund ("QEF") election for New Gold's first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held New Gold Shares, a QEF election along with a "purging election" or a timely mark-to-market election, or the Arrangement does not qualify as a transfer to a U.S. person under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.1291-6(c), then such U.S. Holder generally will be subject to special rules. Under these rules:

(a) the Arrangement would be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain (but not loss) would be recognized by a U.S. Holder even if such transaction qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code; (b) any gain on the exchange of New Gold Shares would be allocated rateably over such U.S. Holder's holding period; (c) the amount allocated to the current tax year and any year prior to the first year in which New Gold was classified as a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income in the current year; (d) the amount allocated to each of the other tax years would be subject to tax at the highest rate of tax in effect for the applicable class of taxpayer for that year; and (e) an interest charge for a deemed deferral benefit would be imposed with respect to the resulting tax attributable to each of the other tax years referred to in (d) above, which interest charge would generally not be deductible by non-corporate U.S. Holders.

As indicated above, there are certain U.S. federal income tax elections that sometimes can be made to generally mitigate or avoid these PFIC tax consequences if New Gold were to be classified as a PFIC for any tax year during which a U.S. Holder has held New Gold Shares. The impact of the PFIC rules on a U.S. Holder of New Gold Shares will depend in part on whether the U.S. Holder has made a timely and effective election to treat New Gold as a QEF or made a mark-to-market election. A U.S. Holder is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding the availability and consequences of making a QEF election or a mark-to-market election with respect to New Gold.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.1291-6(c), a U.S. Holder that did not elect to treat a PFIC as a QEF or make a mark-to-market election with respect to a PFIC nonetheless would not recognize gain on a direct or indirect disposition of stock of a PFIC that results from a reorganization under section 368 of the U.S. Tax Code if immediately after the reorganization such stock is owned or considered owned by a U.S. person (U.S. transferee), provided that:

(a) the basis of the stock in the hands of its actual owner immediately after the reorganization is no greater than the basis of such stock in the hands of its actual owner immediately before the reorganization; (b) the U.S. transferee's holding period for the transferred stock is at least as long as the holding period of the shareholder immediately before the transfer; and (c) the aggregate ownership of the U.S. Holder and the U.S. transferee immediately after the reorganization (determined without regard to stock held by the U.S. transferee prior to the reorganization) is the same as or greater than the U.S. Holder's proportionate ownership immediately before the reorganization.

New Gold and Coeur expect that the Arrangement will satisfy the requirements under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.1291-6(c) for a transfer to a U.S. person, but can provide no assurance in this regard. No opinion of legal counsel or ruling from the IRS concerning this exception has been obtained or will be requested.

- 105?-

Moreover, the proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations discussed above were proposed in 1992 and have not been adopted in final form. The proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations state that they are to be effective for transactions occurring on or after April 1, 1992. However, because the proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations have not yet been adopted in final form, they are not currently effective and there is no assurance they will be finally adopted in the form and with the effective date proposed. Nevertheless, the IRS has announced that, in the absence of final U.S. Treasury Regulations, taxpayers may apply reasonable interpretations of the U.S. Tax Code provisions applicable to PFICs and that it considers the rules set forth in the proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations to be reasonable interpretations of those U.S. Tax Code provisions.

The rules for PFICs, QEF elections, mark-to-market elections and other elections are complex and affected by various factors in addition to those described above. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the rules to their particular circumstances.

Payments Related to Dissent Rights

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder that receives a payment for its New Gold Shares pursuant to the exercise of Dissent Rights will generally recognize gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between (a) the cash received; and (b) such U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the New Gold Shares surrendered in exchange therefor. Subject to the PFIC rules discussed above, such recognized gain or loss would generally constitute capital gain or loss and would constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period for the Dissent Shares exchanged is greater than one year as of the date of the exchange. Certain non-corporate U.S. Holders are entitled to preferential tax rates with respect to net long-term capital gains. The ability of a U.S. Holder to offset capital losses against ordinary income is limited. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations under the U.S. Tax Code.

Specified Foreign Financial Assets Reporting

Certain U.S. Holders that hold "specified foreign financial assets" are generally required to attach to their annual returns a completed IRS Form 8938, Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets, with respect to such assets (and can be subject to substantial penalties for failure to file). The definition of specified foreign financial asset includes not only financial accounts maintained in foreign financial institutions, but also, if held for investment and not held in an account maintained by a financial institution, securities of non-U.S. issuers (subject to certain exceptions, including an exception for securities of non-U.S. issuers held in accounts maintained by domestic financial institutions). U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible reporting requirements with respect to their investments in New Gold Shares and the penalties for non-compliance.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Ownership and Disposition of Coeur Shares

Distributions with Respect to Coeur Shares

A U.S. Holder that receives a distribution, including a constructive distribution, with respect to a Coeur Share will be required to include the amount of such distribution in gross income as a dividend (without reduction for any non-U.S. income tax withheld from such distribution) to the extent of the current or accumulated "earnings and profits" of Coeur, as computed for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent that a distribution exceeds the current and accumulated "earnings and profits" of Coeur, such distribution will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Coeur Shares and thereafter as gain from the sale or exchange of such Coeur Shares (see "Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Coeur Shares" below). Dividends received on Coeur Shares by corporate U.S. Holders generally will be eligible for the "dividends received deduction" subject to various conditions and limitations, including holding period requirements. Dividends paid by Coeur to non-corporate U.S. Holders, including individuals, generally will be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to long-term capital gains, provided certain holding period and other conditions are satisfied. The dividend rules are complex, and each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of such rules.

- 106?-

Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Coeur Shares

A U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss on the sale or other taxable disposition of Coeur Shares in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (a) the amount of cash plus the fair market value of any property received and (b) such U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in such Coeur Shares surrendered in the sale or other disposition. Any such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital gain or loss if, at the time of the sale or other disposition, such Coeur Shares are held for more than one year. Certain non-corporate U.S. Holders are entitled to preferential tax rates with respect to net long-term capital gains. Deductions for capital losses are subject to significant limitations under the U.S. Tax Code.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

The proceeds of a sale or deemed sale by a U.S. Holder of New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares, or distributions thereon, may be subject to information reporting to the IRS and to U.S. backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder that furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and makes other required certifications, or that is otherwise exempt from backup withholding and establishes such exempt status.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld may be credited against a U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, and a U.S. Holder generally may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and furnishing any required information.

THIS DISCUSSION IS GENERAL IN NATURE AND DOES NOT DISCUSS ALL ASPECTS OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO A PARTICULAR SHAREHOLDER IN LIGHT OF THE SHAREHOLDER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, OR TO CERTAIN TYPES OF SHAREHOLDERS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL TREATMENT UNDER U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS. YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE ARRANGEMENT AND THE HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF COEUR SHARES RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE ARRANGEMENT, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS.

RISK FACTORS

Shareholders that vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution are voting in favour of combining the businesses of New Gold and Coeur and are making an investment decision with respect to Coeur Shares. Shareholders should carefully consider the risk factors set out below relating to the Arrangement and the proposed combination of New Gold's and Coeur's respective businesses. Shareholders should also carefully consider the risk factors contained in the documents incorporated by reference in this Circular as described under Appendix G and Appendix H. Readers are cautioned that such risk factors are not exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties, including those currently unknown or not considered material to New Gold, may also adversely affect the Arrangement, New Gold or Coeur prior to the completion of the Arrangement or the combined businesses following completion of the Arrangement. These risk factors should be considered in conjunction with all other information contained in this Circular, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, and documents filed by New Gold and Coeur pursuant to applicable Laws from time to time.

Risk Factors Relating to the Arrangement

The Arrangement may not be completed

The completion of the Arrangement is subject to a number of conditions precedent, certain of which are outside of the control of New Gold or Coeur. Among other things, the Arrangement is conditional upon the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders, approval of the Coeur Stock Issuance and Coeur Charter Amendment by Coeur Stockholders, TSX and NYSE approvals, Court approval and Regulatory Approvals. There can be no assurance that any or all such conditions precedent to the Arrangement will be satisfied or waived, nor can there be any certainty about the timing of their satisfaction or waiver. A substantial delay in satisfying the conditions precedent, including in obtaining satisfactory approvals or the imposition of unfavourable terms or conditions in any approvals could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of New Gold, Coeur or the Combined Company and, in some cases, could result in the Arrangement not being completed.

- 107?-

In addition, each of Coeur and New Gold has the right to terminate the Arrangement Agreement in certain circumstances. Accordingly, there is no certainty, nor can New Gold provide any assurance, that the Arrangement Agreement will not be terminated before the completion of the Arrangement. For instance, either Coeur or New Gold has the right, in certain circumstances, to terminate the Arrangement Agreement if a New Gold Material Adverse Effect or a Coeur Material Adverse Effect, as applicable occurs. There is no assurance that a New Gold Material Adverse Effect or a Coeur Material Adverse Effect will not occur before the Effective Date, in which case Coeur or New Gold could elect to terminate the Arrangement Agreement and the Arrangement would not proceed. Coeur and New Gold also each have the right in certain circumstances to terminate the Arrangement Agreement pursuant to a New Gold Superior Proposal and a Coeur Superior Proposal, as applicable. The failure to complete the Arrangement could materially negatively impact the market price of the New Gold Shares. Moreover, if the Arrangement Agreement is terminated and the Board decides to seek another business combination or other strategic transaction, there can be no assurance that it will be able to find a party willing to agree to an equivalent or more attractive price than the price to be paid pursuant to the Arrangement.

The failure to complete the Arrangement could negatively impact New Gold and have a material adverse effect on the current and future operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold

If the Arrangement is not completed for any reason, there are risks that the announcement of the Arrangement and the dedication of substantial resources by New Gold to the completion thereof could have a negative impact on its current business relationships (including with current and prospective employees, customers, distributors, suppliers and partners) and could have a material adverse effect on the current and future business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold. In addition, failure to complete the Arrangement for any reason could materially negatively impact the market price of the New Gold Shares.

The Arrangement may be completed even though material adverse changes may result from the announcement of the Arrangement, industry-wide changes or other causes

In general, New Gold or Coeur can refuse to complete the Arrangement if a Coeur Material Adverse Effect or a New Gold Material Adverse Effect, respectively, has occurred and is continuing as of the Effective Time. However, some types of changes that would result in a Coeur Material Adverse Effect or New Gold Material Adverse Effect, as applicable, are excluded from the applicable definition and do not permit either party to refuse to complete the Arrangement. If such adverse effects occur but Coeur and New Gold still complete the Arrangement, it may have a negative impact on the market price of Coeur Shares.

The market value of the Coeur Shares that Shareholders receive in connection with the Arrangement may be less than the value of the New Gold Shares as of the date of the Arrangement Agreement or the date of the Meeting

The consideration payable to Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is based on a fixed Exchange Ratio and there will be no adjustment for changes in the market price of New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares prior to the completion of the Arrangement. Neither New Gold nor Coeur is permitted to terminate the Arrangement Agreement and abandon the Arrangement solely because of changes in the market price of New Gold Shares or Coeur Shares. There could be a significant amount of time between the date when Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders vote at their respective shareholder meetings and the date on which the Arrangement is completed. As a result, the relative or absolute prices of the New Gold Shares or the Coeur Shares may fluctuate significantly between the dates of the Arrangement Agreement, this Circular, the Meeting, the Coeur Meeting and completion of the Arrangement. These fluctuations may be caused by, among other factors, changes in the businesses, operations, results and prospects of one or both of New Gold and Coeur, market expectations as to the likelihood that the Arrangement will be completed and the timing of its completion, the prospects for the Combined Company's operations following completion of the Arrangement, the effect of any conditions or restrictions imposed on or proposed with respect to the Combined Company by Governmental Entities, including as may be required to obtain any Regulatory Approvals, and general market and economic conditions. Historical market prices are not indicative of future market prices or the market value of the Coeur Shares that Shareholders will receive on completion of the Arrangement. There can be no assurance that the market value of such Coeur Shares will equal or exceed the market value of the New Gold Shares held by Shareholders prior to such time. In addition, there can be no assurance that the trading price of the Coeur Shares will not decline following completion of the Arrangement.

- 108?-

New Gold may become liable to pay the New Gold Termination Payment or make a payment for the reimbursement of Coeur's expenses

If the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, New Gold may be required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment to Coeur. Moreover, if New Gold is required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment under the Arrangement Agreement and New Gold does not enter into or complete an alternative transaction, the financial condition of New Gold may be materially adversely affected. In addition, if the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances where the Shareholders have not approved the Arrangement Resolution, New Gold will be obligated to pay Coeur up to $33,965,000 as an expense reimbursement for the costs and expenses incurred or accrued by or on behalf of Coeur in connection with the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement.

The New Gold Termination Payment may discourage other parties from proposing a significant business transaction with New Gold

Under the Arrangement Agreement, New Gold is required to pay the New Gold Termination Payment in the event that the Arrangement is terminated in certain circumstances relating to a possible alternative transaction to the Arrangement. The New Gold Termination Payment may discourage third parties from attempting to propose a significant business transaction with New Gold, even if a different transaction could provide better value to Shareholders than the Arrangement.

The Arrangement Agreement imposes restrictions on New Gold prior to closing

New Gold is subject to customary non-solicitation provisions under the Arrangement Agreement, pursuant to which, New Gold is restricted from soliciting, initiating or knowingly facilitating any Acquisition Proposal, among other things. The Arrangement Agreement also restricts New Gold from taking specified actions without the consent of Coeur until the Arrangement is completed. These restrictions may constrain New Gold's activities, including preventing New Gold from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Arrangement. If the Arrangement is not completed for any reason, the announcement of the Arrangement, the dedication of New Gold's resources to the completion thereof, and the restrictions that were imposed on New Gold, may have an adverse effect on the future operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold as a standalone entity.

New Gold will incur substantial transaction fees and costs in connection with the Arrangement. If the Arrangement is not completed, the costs may be significant and could have an adverse effect on New Gold

New Gold has incurred and expects to incur additional material non-recurring expenses in connection with the Arrangement and completion of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement. If the Arrangement is not completed, New Gold will need to pay certain costs relating to the Arrangement incurred prior to the date the Arrangement was abandoned, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory, proxy solicitation and printing fees. Such costs may be significant and could have an adverse effect on the future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition of New Gold.

- 109?-

There are risks related to Coeur's business

While New Gold has completed due diligence investigations, including reviewing technical, environmental, legal, tax accounting, financial and other matters, with respect to Coeur and its business, certain risks either may not have been uncovered or are not known at this time. Such risks may have an adverse impact on New Gold and the combined assets of New Gold and Coeur following the Arrangement and may have a negative impact on the value of the New Gold Shares. See "Risk Factors" in the Coeur Annual Report.

Directors and officers of New Gold may have interests in the Arrangement that may be different from those of Shareholders generally

In considering the unanimous recommendation of the Board to vote for the Arrangement Resolution, Shareholders should be aware that certain members of New Gold's management and the Board may have certain interests in connection with the Arrangement that differ from, or are in addition to, those of Shareholders generally and may present them with actual or potential conflicts of interest in connection with the Arrangement. See "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon".

Coeur and New Gold may be the targets of legal claims, securities class actions, derivative lawsuits and other claims

Coeur and New Gold may be the target of securities class action lawsuits, derivative lawsuits and other legal claims, which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the Arrangement from being completed. Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against companies that have entered into an agreement to acquire a public company or to be acquired. Third parties may also attempt to bring claims against Coeur or New Gold seeking to restrain the Arrangement or seeking monetary compensation or other redress. Even if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. Additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting consummation of the Arrangement, then that injunction may delay or prevent the Arrangement from being completed.

The Consideration Shares to be received by Shareholders as a result of the Arrangement will have different rights from the New Gold Shares

Coeur is a Delaware corporation governed under the DGCL. New Gold is a company governed by the BCBCA. Upon completion of the Arrangement, Shareholders will become Coeur Stockholders and their rights as stockholders will be governed by the DGCL and Coeur's constating documents. Certain of the rights associated with Coeur Shares under the DGCL and Coeur's constating documents are different from the rights associated with New Gold Shares under the BCBCA. See Appendix L "Comparison of Rights of New Gold Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders".

Coeur may terminate the Arrangement Agreement if Shareholders holding more than 5% of the New Gold Shares exercise Dissent Rights

Registered Shareholders as of the Record Date have the right to exercise Dissent Rights and demand payment equal to the fair value of their Dissent Shares in cash. Coeur's obligation to complete the Arrangement is conditional upon Dissent Rights not being exercised by Shareholders holding more than 5% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares. Accordingly, the Arrangement may not be completed if Shareholders exercise Dissent Rights in respect of more than 5% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares and Coeur does not waive this condition to its obligation to complete the Arrangement. Further, if Dissent Rights are exercised in respect of a significant number of Dissent Shares, a substantial cash payment may be required to be made to such Shareholders, which could have an adverse effect on the Combined Company's financial condition and cash resources.

The Arrangement may divert the attention of management of the Parties, impact the Parties' ability to attract or retain key personnel or impact the Parties' third party business relationships

The Arrangement could cause the attention of management of New Gold and Coeur to be diverted from their respective day-to-day operations. These disruptions could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Arrangement and could have an adverse effect on the current and future business, operations, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of New Gold and Coeur. Because the completion of the Arrangement is subject to uncertainty, officers and employees of New Gold and Coeur may experience uncertainty about their future roles, which may adversely affect New Gold's and Coeur's ability to attract or retain key management and personnel in the period until the completion or termination of the Arrangement.

- 110?-

Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following Completion of the Arrangement

It is possible that the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement are not realized

New Gold and Coeur are proposing to complete the Arrangement for a variety of reasons, including to strengthen the position of each entity in the mining industry and to combine the assets of both companies to realize certain benefits, including those set forth in this Circular under the heading "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board". Achieving the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement depends in part on the ability of Coeur to effectively fund and develop the Combined Company's key projects, to realize the anticipated capital and operating synergies and to maximize the potential of its improved growth opportunities and anticipated capital funding opportunities. A variety of factors, including those risk factors set forth in this Circular and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, may adversely affect the ability of the Combined Company to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement.

There are risks related to the integration of Coeur and New Gold

The ability to realize the benefits of the Arrangement will depend in part on successfully consolidating functions and integrating operations, procedures and personnel in a timely and efficient manner, as well as on Coeur's ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and synergies from integrating New Gold's business following completion of the Arrangement. This integration will require the dedication of management effort, time and resources which may divert management's focus and resources from other strategic opportunities available to the Combined Company, and from operational matters during this process.

In addition, the integration process could result in disruption of existing relationships with suppliers, employees, customers and other constituencies of Coeur and New Gold. There can be no assurance that management will be able to integrate the operations of each of the businesses successfully or achieve any of the synergies or other benefits that are anticipated to result from the Arrangement. New Gold understands that the integration process is in the planning phase, and although most operational and strategic decisions have yet to be made, key decisions with respect to selected senior staffing positions and organization structure are progressing. These decisions and the integration of Coeur and New Gold will present challenges to management, including the integration of systems and personnel of the companies, unanticipated liabilities and unanticipated costs. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of the respective ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the ability of management to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Arrangement. The performance of the Combined Company's operations following the Arrangement could be adversely affected if it cannot retain key employees to assist in the integration and operation of New Gold and Coeur.

Any inability of management to successfully integrate the operations could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Combined Company.

After the completion of the Arrangement, the Combined Company will face the same risks that each of Coeur and New Gold currently face, in addition to other risks.

The mineral resources of the Combined Company may not be realizable

The mineral reserves and mineral resources in respect of the properties in which New Gold and Coeur hold interests are estimates only and no assurance can be given that the anticipated tonnages and grades will be achieved, that the indicated level of recovery will be realized or that mineral reserves could be mined or processed profitably. Actual mineral reserves may not conform to geological or other expectations, and the volume and grade of production may be below the estimated levels.

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating mineral reserves and mineral resources, including many factors beyond the control of New Gold or Coeur. Mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates are materially dependent on the prevailing price of minerals, including gold, silver and copper, and the cost of recovering and processing minerals at the individual mine sites. Market fluctuations in the price of minerals, including gold, silver and copper, or increases in recovery costs, as well as various short-term operating factors, may cause a mining operation to be unprofitable in any particular accounting period.

- 111?-

Significant demands will be placed on the Combined Company following completion of the Arrangement and Coeur and New Gold cannot provide any assurance that their systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support the expansion of operations and associated complexity following and resulting from the Arrangement

As a result of the pursuit and completion of the Arrangement, significant demands will be placed on the managerial, operational and financial personnel and systems of Coeur and New Gold. Coeur and New Gold cannot provide any assurance that their systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support the expansion of operations and associated complexity following and resulting from the Arrangement. The future operating results of the Combined Company following completion of the Arrangement may be affected by the ability of its officers and key employees to manage changing business conditions, to integrate the acquisition of New Gold and to execute on the Combined Company's business strategy.

Following the Arrangement, the trading price of the Coeur Shares cannot be guaranteed, may be volatile and could be less than, on an adjusted basis, the current trading prices of Coeur and New Gold due to various market-related and other factors

Securities markets have a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities of many companies have experienced wide fluctuations in price which are not necessarily related to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Securities of companies in the mining industry have experienced substantial volatility in the past, often based on factors unrelated to the financial performance or prospects of the companies involved. These factors include global economic developments and market perceptions of the mining industry. There can be no assurance that continuing fluctuations in price will not occur. The market price per Coeur Share is also likely to be affected by changes in the Combined Company's financial condition or results of operations. Other factors unrelated to the performance of the Combined Company that may have an effect on the price of Coeur Shares include the following: (a) changes in the market price of the commodities that the Combined Company will sell and purchase; (b) current events affecting the economic, political and/or social situation in Canada, the United States, Mexico and internationally; (c) trends in the global mining industries; (d) regulatory and/or government actions, rulings or policies; (e) changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts or rating agencies; (f) acquisitions and financings completed by the Combined Company; (g) the economics of current and future projects and operations of the Combined Company; (h) quarterly variations in operating results; (i) the operating and share price performance of other companies, including those that investors may deem comparable; (j) the issuance of additional equity securities of the Combined Company, as applicable, or the perception that such issuance may occur; and (k) purchases or sales of blocks of Coeur Shares.

There are risks associated with the market price of mineral commodities

The profitability of the Combined Company's operations will be dependent upon the market price of mineral commodities. Mineral prices, including the price of gold, silver and copper, fluctuate widely and are affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Combined Company. Such factors include global supply chain disruptions and constraints on trade, which have caused anticipated fluctuations of the market price and volatility of commodities. The level of interest rates, the rate of inflation, the world supply and liquidity of mineral commodities and the stability of exchange and future rates can also all cause significant fluctuations in prices. Such external economic factors are in turn influenced by changes in international investment patterns, monetary systems and on-going political developments. The price of mineral commodities, including the price of gold, silver and copper, has fluctuated widely in recent years, and future price declines could cause commercial production to be impracticable, thereby having a material adverse effect on the Combined Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

- 112?-

The Combined Company will be subject to risks associated with tariffs, trade restrictions and international trade policy

As an international company with operations and suppliers in the United States, Mexico, Canada and other jurisdictions, the Combined Company would be exposed to risks caused by changing trade policies and the imposition of tariffs, duties, export or import controls, sanctions, quotas and other policies regulating international commerce. These risks include potential increases in the cost of mining equipment, steel, chemical reagents, fuel and other critical materials, as well as restrictions on the import or export of goods and technology essential to our operations. The imposition of tariffs by the United States or other countries where the Combined Company operates or from which it sources materials could result in higher operating and capital costs, supply chain disruptions and potential production delays. In addition, volatile geopolitical dynamics may contribute to currency volatility, inflationary pressure on materials and energy, and reduced global demand for gold, silver and copper. The Combined Company's ability to transport materials and finished products across borders is also subject to the risk of increased regulation or restriction by governmental authorities, including through customs delays, trade restrictions or new licensing and quota requirements. Such measures could be adopted with little notice and may materially affect the Combined Company's operations. Further, the Combined Company may be adversely impacted by shifts in trade agreements, regional economic integration or changes in the interpretation and enforcement of customs, tax and environmental regulations affecting mining operations. Any such changes could result in the imposition of new or higher tariffs, royalties, or taxes; limitations on foreign ownership; or restrictions on the export of mined products, thereby increasing costs or reducing profitability. There can be no assurance that future foreign trade policies will not impose additional burdens on the mining industry or on the Combined Company specifically. The enactment or expansion of tariffs, export controls or trade restrictions could materially and adversely affect the Combined Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

There are risks associated with operating in Mexico

A significant portion of Coeur's revenues are generated by operations in Mexico. Exploration, development, production and closure activities in Mexico are potentially subject to heightened political and social risks that are beyond the control of Coeur and could result in increased costs, capacity constraints and potential disruptions to the Combined Company. These risks include the possible unilateral cancellation or forced renegotiation of contracts in which the Combined Company, directly or indirectly, may have an interest, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, royalty and tax increases (including taxes associated with the import or export of goods), risks associated with the value-added tax ("VAT") and income tax refund recovery and collection process, aggressive or punitive tax audits, policy-driven or punitive interference with or moratoriums on processing of permit applications or granting water or mineral concessions, erection of trade barriers, including tariffs and duties, claims by governmental entities or indigenous communities, changes to mining and related laws impacting current and future operations, expropriation or nationalization of property and other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over areas in which the operations of the Combined Company will be conducted.

In addition, recent amendments to mining, water and environmental laws in Mexico, and recent government actions under the prior Mexican administration intended to slow or halt the normal processing of permits and granting of water or mineral concessions, could impose additional restrictions on the Combined Company's ability to obtain and maintain mining and water rights and operate in Mexico, among other potentially adverse provisions. The right to import and export gold and silver may depend on obtaining certain licenses and quotas, which could be delayed or denied at the discretion of the relevant regulatory authorities, or could become subject to new taxes, tariffs or duties imposed by U.S. or foreign jurisdictions, as well as other actions taken in potential trade disputes, which could have a material adverse effect on the Combined Company, financial condition, or future prospects. In addition, the Combined Company's rights under local law may be less secure where judicial systems are susceptible to manipulation and intimidation by government agencies, non-governmental organizations or civic groups. Any of these developments could require the Combined Company to curtail or terminate operations at its mines, incur significant costs to renegotiate contracts, meet newly-imposed environmental or other standards, pay greater royalties or higher prices for labour or services and recognize higher taxes, address aggressive or punitive tax audit assessments including through litigation, or experience significant delays or obstacles in the recovery of VAT or income tax refunds owed, which could materially and adversely affect financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

- 113?-

The unaudited combined pro forma financial statements are presented for illustrative purposes only and may not be an indication of the Combined Company's financial condition or results of operations following the Arrangement

The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements contained in this Circular are presented for illustrative purposes only as of their respective dates and may not be an indication of the financial condition or results of operations of Coeur following the Arrangement for several reasons. For example, the unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements have been derived from the respective historical financial statements of Coeur and New Gold, and certain estimates, adjustments and assumptions made as of the dates indicated therein may not be relevant in regards to the Combined Company and other adjustments and assumptions have been made to give effect to the Arrangement and the other respective relevant transactions which may not, with the passage of time, turn out to be relevant or correct. The information upon which these estimates, adjustments and assumptions have been made is preliminary, and estimates, adjustments and assumptions of this nature require the exercise of judgment and are difficult to make with complete accuracy. See "Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information".

The issuance of a significant number of Coeur Shares and a resulting "market overhang" could adversely affect the market price of the Coeur Shares after completion of the Arrangement

On completion of the Arrangement, a significant number of additional Coeur Shares will be issued and available for trading in the public market. The increase in the number of Coeur Shares may lead to sales of such shares or the perception that such sales may occur (commonly referred to as "market overhang"), either of which may adversely affect the market for, and the market price of, the Coeur Shares.

The Combined Company's credit ratings will be subject to ongoing evaluation

The terms of the Combined Company's debt financing following the Arrangement will, in part, be dependent on the credit ratings assigned to its securities by independent credit rating agencies. The Combined Company's credit ratings upon completion of the Arrangement will reflect each rating organization's opinion of the Combined Company's financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet the obligations associated with its securities. The credit rating of the Combined Company will be subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and there can be no assurance that such ratings will be maintained in the future. Downgrades in the Combined Company's ratings could adversely affect the Combined Company's business, cash flows, financial condition, operating results and share and debt prices.

The Combined Company may not realize the benefits of its growth projects

As part of its strategy, the Combined Company will continue its efforts to develop new mineral projects. A number of risks and uncertainties are associated with the exploration and development of these types of projects, including political, regulatory, design, construction, labour, operating, technical and technological risks, uncertainties relating to capital and other costs and financing risks.

The level of production and capital and operating cost estimates relating to the expanded portfolio of growth projects are based on certain assumptions and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties. It is likely that actual results of the Combined Company's projects will differ from its current estimates and assumptions, and these differences may be material. In addition, experience from actual mining or processing operations may identify new or unexpected conditions which could reduce production below, and/or increase capital and/or operating costs above, current estimates. If actual results are less favourable than current estimates, the Combined Company's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be adversely impacted.

The Combined Company may enter into additional strategic transactions and issue additional equity securities

In the ordinary course of business, Coeur regularly considers and evaluates strategic opportunities, including additional acquisitions or investments. The Combined Company may enter into additional strategic transactions, which may require the issuance of additional equity securities. Any such strategic transaction could be material to the Combined Company's business, including by, among other things, exposing the Combined Company to new geographic, political, operating, financial, geological and other risks, and could result in a material increase in the number of the outstanding Coeur Shares or the aggregate amount of outstanding debt, which may adversely affect the Combined Company's share price.

- 114?-

BUSINESS COMBINATION UNDER MI 61-101

New Gold is a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada, and accordingly is subject to the requirements of MI 61-101.

MI 61-101 is intended to regulate certain transactions to ensure equality of treatment among securityholders, generally requiring enhanced disclosure, approval by a majority of securityholders excluding certain interested or related parties and their joint actors and, in certain instances, independent valuations and approval and oversight of the transaction by a special committee of independent directors. The protections of MI 61-101 apply to, among other transactions, "business combinations" (as defined in MI 61-101) that terminate the interests of equity securityholders without their consent (regardless of whether the equity security is replaced with another security). MI 61-101 provides that, in certain circumstances, where a "related party" of an issuer (as defined in MI 61-101) is entitled to receive a "collateral benefit" (as defined in MI 61-101), in connection with an arrangement, such transaction may be considered a "business combination" for the purposes of MI 61-101 and as a result such related party will be an "interested party" (as defined in MI 61-101). A "related party" includes a director, senior officer and a shareholder holding over 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of the issuer.

A "collateral benefit" (as defined in MI 61-101) includes any benefit that a related party of New Gold is entitled to receive as a consequence of the Arrangement, including without limitation, an increase in salary, a lump sum payment, a payment for surrendering securities or other enhancements in benefits related to services as an employee, director or consultant of New Gold. MI 61-101 excludes from the meaning of collateral benefit a payment per security that is identical in amount and form to the entitlement of the general body of holders in Canada of securities of the same class, as well as certain benefits to a related party received solely in connection with the related party's services as an employee or director of an issuer, of an affiliated entity of such issuer or of a successor to the business of such issuer where (a) the benefit is not conferred for the purpose, in whole or in part, of increasing the value of the consideration paid to the related party for securities relinquished under the transaction; (b) the conferring of the benefit is not, by its terms, conditional on the related party supporting the transaction in any manner; (c) full particulars of the benefit are disclosed in the disclosure document for the transaction; and (d) either (i) at the time the transaction is agreed to, the related party and his or her associated entities beneficially own, or exercise control or direction over, less than 1% of the outstanding securities of each class of equity securities of the issuer, or (ii) the related party discloses to an independent committee of the issuer the amount of consideration that the related party expects to be beneficially entitled to receive, under the terms of the transaction, in exchange for the equity securities the related party beneficially owns and the independent committee acting in good faith determines that the value of the benefit, net of any offsetting costs to the related party, is less than 5% of the value of the consideration the related party will receive pursuant to the terms of the transaction for the equity securities beneficially owned by the related party, and the independent committee's determination is disclosed in the disclosure document for the transaction.

If the Arrangement is completed, certain directors and officers will be entitled to certain payments related to the change of control of New Gold, including potential severance payments and accelerated vesting of their Incentive Awards, as more particularly described under "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon" and "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards". New Gold has considered whether these entitlements may constitute a "collateral benefit" for purposes of MI 61-101 such that the Arrangement would therefore constitute a "business combination" under MI 61-101. New Gold has determined that none of these entitlements is a "collateral benefit" for the purposes of MI 61-101 as, among other things, each New Gold recipient thereof beneficially owns, or exercises control or direction over, less than 1% of New Gold's outstanding equity securities and the full particulars of the entitlements have been disclosed herein.

Patrick Godin, the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of New Gold, will be entitled to certain benefits in connection with his role as a director of Coeur upon completion of the Arrangement. Accordingly, New Gold has determined that Mr. Godin will receive a collateral benefit that does not fall within the exclusion in the definition of "collateral benefit" under MI 61-101. As a result, the Arrangement is a "business combination" for the purposes of MI 61-101 since the interest of a holder of New Gold Shares may be terminated without such holder's consent and a related party of New Gold will receive a collateral benefit in connection with the Arrangement.

- 115?-

As a result, the votes attached to the 290,050 New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Godin as of the Record Date will be excluded for the purposes of determining minority approval for the Arrangement Resolution under MI 61-101. The below table provides the details of the benefits to be received by the officers and directors of New Gold in connection with the Arrangement, in addition to amounts to be received for their New Gold Shares, but excluding the severance payments payable under their respective Employment Agreements (which are disclosed under the heading "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon - New Gold Contractual Change of Control Payments" below):

Name and Position                                                      Number ofNew GoldShares(1)               Number ofNew GoldOptions               Numberof NewGoldRSUs(2)       Number ofNew GoldPSUs       Number ofNew GoldDSUs                 Value of IncentiveAwards(3)               Total Value ofNew Gold Sharesand Value ofIncentiveAwards(4)   
Richard O'BrienChair                                                                                -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             140,845                                                                   $   1,174,873        $   1,174,873    
Sophie BergeronDirector                                                                             -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             36,071                                                                    $   300,890          $   300,890      
Ross BhappuDirector                                                                                 -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             38,441                                                                    $   320,659          $   320,659      
Nicholas ChirekosDirector                                                                           -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             419,301                                                                   $   3,497,641        $   3,497,641    
Gillian DavidsonDirector                                                                            -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             617,056                                                                   $   5,147,234        $   5,147,234    
Thomas McCulleyDirector                                                                             -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             262,127                                                                   $   2,186,559        $   2,186,559    
Marilyn SchonbernerDirector                                                                         -                                        -                                       -                                                   -                                             568,123                                                                   $   4,739,055        $   4,739,055    
Patrick GodinPresident, Chief Executive Officer & Director                                          290,050                                  -                                       604,615                                             2,057,897                                     -                                                                         $   30,792,687       $   33,212,168   
Keith MurphyExecutive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer                                      64,132                                   61,220                                  164,234                                             387,314                                       -                                                                         $   6,597,644        $   7,132,607    
Ankit ShahExecutive Vice President & Chief Strategy Officer                                         204,094                                  -                                       197,053                                             657,836                                       -                                                                         $   9,874,844        $   11,577,315   
Luke BuchananVice President, Technical Services                                                     -                                        -                                       151,063                                             420,978                                       -                                                                         $   6,527,552        $   6,527,552    
Sean KeatingVice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary                                 171,052                                  114,189                                 145,389                                             521,452                                       -                                                                         $   8,443,980        $   9,870,827    
Paul MellingVice President, Treasury and Risk                                                       9,452                                    26,910                                  54,593                                              174,736                                       -                                                                         $   2,807,568        $   2,886,413    
Travis MurphyVice President, Operations                                                             -                                        -                                       42,372                                              63,559                                        -                                                                         $   1,148,726        $   1,148,726    
Jean-François RavenelleVice President, Geology                                                      -                                        -                                       114,035                                             311,969                                       -                                                                         $   4,854,715        $   4,854,715    
Dan SharkeyChief Human Resources Officer                                                            -                                        -                                       53,398                                              80,097                                        -                                                                         $   1,447,630        $   1,447,630    


Notes:

(1) Ownership of New Gold Shares represents, in each case, less than 0.05% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares on a non-diluted basis as of the Record Date. Ownership of New Gold Shares represents in aggregate approximately 0.09% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares on a non-diluted basis as of the Record Date. (2) As detailed under "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards", pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, (i) Non-Continuing Employees will have their New Gold RSUs fully vested and redeemed for cash in accordance with the New Gold LTIP and (ii) Continuing Employees will have their New Gold RSUs multiplied by the Exchange Ratio and, upon vesting in accordance with the existing vesting schedule for their New Gold RSUs, will be entitled to receive a payment in cash in accordance with the terms of the New Gold LTIP with reference to the trading price of the Coeur Shares rather than the New Gold Shares. (3) As detailed under "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards", pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, New Gold Options held by officers will be cashed out for an amount equal to the Cash Out Value. The illustrative value of the New Gold RSUs and New Gold DSUs, as applicable, was determined by multiplying the number of outstanding New Gold RSUs or New Gold DSUs, as applicable, by the 5-day volume weighted average share price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American as of December 18, 2025. Pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, (a) the vesting multiplier applicable to all New Gold PSUs for calculation periods ending on or prior to the Value Determination Date shall be determined based on the terms of the New Gold LTIP; and (b) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the Value Determination Date for each New Gold PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of Continuing Employees; or (ii) 150% in the case of Non-Continuing Employees (as prescribed by the New Gold LTIP), as described under "The Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards". Since, as of the date of this Circular, no determination has been made as to which personnel will be Continuing Employees and Non-Continuing Employees, for illustrative purposes, the value of the outstanding New Gold PSUs has been calculated based on a vesting multiplier of 150%. The illustrative value of the New Gold PSUs was therefore determined by multiplying the number of outstanding New Gold PSUs (a) by the 5-day volume weighted average share price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American as of December 18, 2025, and (b) by 150%. Figures are rounded to the nearest dollar. (4) This column includes the value of New Gold Shares plus the value of Incentive Awards calculated for the purposes of this table as described in Note 4 above. The value of each New Gold Share has been calculated using the 5-day volume weighted average share price of the New Gold Shares on the NYSE American as of December 18, 2025. Figures are rounded to the nearest dollar.

In addition to the amounts set out above, if the Arrangement is completed, the officers of New Gold may be entitled to severance payments as described under the heading "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon".

- 116?-

Minority Approval Requirements

As a result of the foregoing, the Arrangement requires minority approval under MI 61-101. Accordingly, in addition to the approval of the Arrangement Resolution by at least two-thirds of the votes cast on the Arrangement Resolution by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, to be effective, the Arrangement Resolution must also be approved by at least a simple majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present (virtually or in-person) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding the votes of the persons whose votes may not be included in determining minority approval of a business combination under MI 61-101. The 290,050 votes attached to the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Godin as of the Record Date, representing approximately 0.04% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares as of the Record Date, will be excluded for the purposes of determining minority approval for the Arrangement under MI 61-101.

Formal Valuation

New Gold is not required to obtain a formal valuation under MI 61-101 as no "interested party" (as defined in MI 61-101) is, as a consequence of the Arrangement, directly or indirectly acquiring New Gold or its business, or combining with New Gold, whether alone or with joint actors, and neither the Arrangement nor the transactions contemplated thereby is a "related party transaction" (as defined in MI 61-101) for which New Gold would be required to obtain a formal valuation.

Prior Valuations

There have been no "prior valuations" (as defined in MI 61-101) in respect of New Gold in the 24 months before the date of this Circular, the existence of which is known, after reasonable inquiry to New Gold or to any director or officer of New Gold.

- 117?-

Prior Offers

New Gold has not received any bona fide prior offers (as contemplated in MI 61-101) during the 24 months preceding the entry into the Arrangement Agreement.

DISSENT RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholders who wish to dissent with respect to the Arrangement Resolution should take note that strict compliance with the dissent procedures is required. Only registered Shareholders as of the Record Date may exercise Dissent Rights.

The following summary of the rights of Dissenting Shareholders is not a comprehensive statement of the procedures to be followed by a Dissenting Shareholder and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan of Arrangement, a copy of which is attached to this Circular as Appendix D, the full text of the Interim Order, which is attached to this Circular as Appendix B, and the provisions of sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, which is attached to this Circular as Appendix K. Pursuant to the Interim Order, Dissenting Shareholders are entitled to be paid fair value for their Dissent Shares under the BCBCA, as modified or supplemented by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement or any other order of the Court. A Dissenting Shareholder who intends to exercise Dissent Rights should carefully consider and comply with the provisions of sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement and any other order of the Court. The statutory provisions covering the right to exercise Dissent Rights are technical and complex. Failure to strictly comply with the requirements set forth in sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA (as modified or supplemented by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement or any other order of the Court) may result in the loss of Dissent Rights. It is recommended that you seek independent legal advice if you wish to exercise Dissent Rights.

The Court hearing the application for the Final Order has the discretion to alter the Dissent Rights described herein based on the evidence presented at such hearing. Pursuant to the Interim Order, each registered Shareholder as of the Record Date is entitled, in addition to any other rights the holder may have, to exercise Dissent Rights and to be paid the fair value of the Dissent Shares held by the holder, determined, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, as of the close of business on the day immediately before the approval of the Arrangement Resolution.

A non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder who desires to exercise Dissent Rights (a) must have made arrangements for the New Gold Shares beneficially owned by such Shareholder to be registered in the name of such Shareholder prior to the Record Date; or (b) alternatively, must make arrangements for the registered Shareholder of such New Gold Shares to exercise Dissent Rights on behalf of such non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder.

Each Dissenting Shareholder shall be deemed to have transferred and assigned its Dissent Shares to New Gold, free and clear of any Liens, in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, and if such Dissenting Shareholder:

· is ultimately entitled to be paid fair value of its Dissent Shares by New Gold, such Dissenting Shareholder: (a) shall be deemed not to have participated in the Arrangement; (b) will be entitled to be paid the fair value of such Dissent Shares by New Gold, which fair value, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the BCBCA, shall be determined as of the close of business on the day immediately before the approval of the Arrangement Resolution; and (c) will not be entitled to any other payment or consideration, including any payment that would be payable under the Arrangement if such Dissenting Shareholder had not exercised its Dissent Rights in respect of such New Gold Shares; or · is ultimately not entitled, for any reason, to be paid fair value for such New Gold Shares, such Dissenting Shareholder shall be deemed to have participated in the Arrangement, as of the Effective Time, on the same basis as a non-dissenting registered holder of New Gold Shares and shall be entitled to receive only the Consideration offered pursuant to the Arrangement that such Dissenting Shareholder would have received pursuant to the Arrangement if such Dissenting Shareholder had not exercised its Dissent Rights,

- 118?-

but in no circumstance shall Coeur, the Purchaser or New Gold or any other person be required to recognize a person exercising Dissent Rights unless such person is the registered holder of those New Gold Shares in respect of which such rights are sought to be exercised as of the Record Date. In no case shall Coeur, New Gold, the Purchaser or any other person be required to recognize any Dissenting Shareholder as a holder of New Gold Shares after the time that is immediately prior to the Effective Time, and the names of such Dissenting Shareholders shall be deleted from the central securities register as holders of New Gold.

A Dissenting Shareholder must dissent with respect to all (but not less than all) of the New Gold Shares in which the holder owns a beneficial interest. A Dissenting Shareholder must send New Gold a written notice, in strict compliance with the requirements of section 242 of the BCBCA, to inform it of his or her objection to the Arrangement Resolution and exercise of Dissent Rights (the "Notice of Dissent"), which notice must be received by the Corporate Secretary of New Gold at 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2T3, Attention: Corporate Secretary, by fax (416-203-0341) or by email (info@newgold.com), with a copy to Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg at 155 Wellington Street West, Suite 4000, Toronto, Ontario M5V 3J7, Attention: Richard Fridman and Aaron Atkinson or by email (rfridman@dwpv.com and aatkinson@dwpv.com), by 4:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) on the date that is at least two Business Days prior to the date of the Meeting (or 4:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) on the day that is two Business Days immediately preceding the date that any adjourned or postponed Meeting is reconvened or held, as the case may be).

Any failure by a registered Shareholder to strictly comply with the requirements set forth in sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement and any other order of the Court, may result in the loss of that holder's Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement. Non-registered (beneficial) Shareholders who wish to exercise such Dissent Rights must arrange for the registered Shareholder holding their New Gold Shares to deliver the Notice of Dissent.

The giving of a Notice of Dissent does not deprive a registered Shareholder of the right to vote at the Meeting; however, a Dissenting Shareholder is not entitled to exercise the Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement with respect to any of his or her New Gold Shares if the Dissenting Shareholder votes in favour of the Arrangement Resolution. A vote either virtually or in-person or by proxy against the Arrangement Resolution does not constitute a Notice of Dissent.

A registered Shareholder that wishes to exercise Dissent Rights must prepare a separate Notice of Dissent for himself, herself, or itself if dissenting on his, her or its own behalf, and for each other person who beneficially owns New Gold Shares registered in the Dissenting Shareholder's name and on whose behalf the Dissenting Shareholder is dissenting, and must dissent with respect to all of the New Gold Shares registered in his, her or its name beneficially owned by the non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder on whose behalf he or she is dissenting. The Notice of Dissent must set out the number of New Gold Shares in respect of which the Notice of Dissent is to be sent (the "Notice Shares") and (a) if such Notice Shares constitute all of the New Gold Shares of which the holder is the registered and beneficial owner and the holder owns no other New Gold Shares beneficially, a statement to that effect; (b) if such Notice Shares constitute all of the New Gold Shares of which the holder is both the registered and beneficial owner, but the holder owns additional New Gold Shares beneficially, a statement to that effect and the names of the registered holders of New Gold Shares, the number of New Gold Shares held by each such holder and a statement that written Notices of Dissent are being or have been sent with respect to such other New Gold Shares; or (c) if the Dissent Rights are being exercised by a holder of New Gold Shares on behalf of a beneficial owner of New Gold Shares who is not the Dissenting Shareholder, a statement to that effect and the name and address of the beneficial holder of the New Gold Shares and a statement that the registered holder is dissenting with respect to all New Gold Shares of the beneficial holder registered in such registered holder's name.

- 119?-

If the Arrangement Resolution is approved by the Shareholders as required at the Meeting, and if New Gold notifies the Dissenting Shareholders of its intention to act upon the Arrangement Resolution, the Dissenting Shareholder is then required within one month after New Gold gives such notice, to send to New Gold the certificates (if any) representing the Dissent Shares and a written statement that requires New Gold to purchase all of the Dissent Shares. If the Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement are being exercised by the Dissenting Shareholder on behalf of a non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder who is not the Dissenting Shareholder, a statement signed by such non-registered (beneficial) Shareholder is required, which sets out whether the registered Shareholder is the beneficial owner of other New Gold Shares and if so, (a) the names of the registered Shareholder of such New Gold Shares; (b) the number of such New Gold Shares; and (c) that Dissent Rights are being exercised in respect of all such New Gold Shares, all in accordance with section 244(1)(c) of the BCBCA. Upon delivery of these documents, the Dissenting Shareholder is deemed to have sold the New Gold Shares and New Gold is deemed to have purchased them. Once the Dissenting Shareholder has done so, the Dissenting Shareholder may not vote or exercise any Shareholder rights in respect of the Notice Shares.

The Dissenting Shareholder and New Gold may agree on the amount of the payout value of the Dissent Shares; otherwise, either party may apply to the Court to determine the fair value of the Dissent Shares and the Court may determine the payout value of the Dissent Shares and make consequential orders and give directions as the Court considers appropriate. There is no obligation on New Gold to make an application to the Court. After a determination of the payout value of the Dissent Shares, New Gold must then promptly pay that amount to the Dissenting Shareholder.

Dissenting Shareholders who are ultimately entitled to be paid fair value for their Dissent Shares will be entitled to be paid such fair value and will not be entitled to any other payment or consideration, including any payment or consideration that would be payable under the Plan of Arrangement had they not exercised their Dissent Rights.

A Dissenting Shareholder loses his or her Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement if, before full payment is made for the Dissent Shares, the Arrangement in respect of which the Notice of Dissent was sent is abandoned or by its terms will not proceed, the Arrangement Resolution is not passed by Shareholders at the Meeting, a court permanently enjoins or sets aside the corporate action approved by the Arrangement Resolution, the Dissenting Shareholder votes in favour of the Arrangement Resolution or the Dissenting Shareholder withdraws the Notice of Dissent with New Gold's written consent. If and when any of these events occur, New Gold must return the share certificates to the Dissenting Shareholder and the Dissenting Shareholder regains the ability to vote and exercise shareholder rights.

The discussion above is only a summary of the Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement, which are technical and complex. The above summary does not purport to provide a comprehensive statement of the procedures to be followed by Dissenting Shareholders who seek payment of the fair value of their New Gold Shares. New Gold suggests that any Shareholder wishing to avail himself or herself of the Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement seek his or her own legal advice, as failure to comply strictly with the applicable provisions of the BCBCA and the Interim Order, the Plan of Arrangement or any other order of the Court may prejudice the availability of such Dissent Rights. Dissenting Shareholders should note that the exercise of Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement can be a complex, time-consuming and expensive process. There can be no assurance that the amount a Dissenting Shareholder receives will be more than or equal to the consideration under the Arrangement.

If a Dissenting Shareholder fails to strictly comply with the requirements of the Dissent Rights with respect to the Arrangement, it will lose its Dissent Rights, New Gold will return to the Dissenting Shareholder the certificate(s) representing New Gold Shares that were delivered to New Gold, if any, and if the Arrangement is completed, that Dissenting Shareholder will be deemed to have participated in the Arrangement on the same terms as a Shareholder that is not a Dissenting Shareholder.

If, as of the Effective Time, the aggregate number of New Gold Shares in respect of which Shareholders have duly and validly exercised Dissent Rights or have instituted proceedings to exercise Dissent Rights in connection with the Arrangement, exceeds 5% of the New Gold Shares then outstanding, Coeur and the Purchaser are entitled, in their discretion, not to complete the Arrangement. See "The Arrangement Agreement - Conditions - Conditions in Favour of Coeur and the Purchaser".

INFORMATION CONCERNING New Gold

New Gold is a Canadian-focused intermediate gold mining company engaged in the exploration, development and operation of mineral properties. New Gold holds a 100% interest in each of the Rainy River Mine, a gold mine in Ontario, Canada, and the New Afton Mine, a copper and gold mine in British Columbia, Canada.

- 120?-

New Gold was incorporated on January 31, 1980 as "DRC Resources Corporation" under the Company Act (British Columbia) and was transitioned on May 10, 2005 under the BCBCA. On May 4, 2005, the Shareholders passed a special resolution to remove the pre-existing company provisions and adopt new articles. On June 1, 2005, New Gold changed its name to "New Gold Inc.". Effective January 1, 2012, New Gold amalgamated with its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, Silver Quest Resources Ltd., Geo Minerals Ltd. and Richfield Ventures Corp. Effective October 1, 2014, New Gold amalgamated with its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, Rainy River Resources Ltd. and 0608457 B.C. Ltd. On January 1, 2016, New Gold amalgamated with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Peak Gold Ltd. and New Gold Bayfield Corp. Following each of the foregoing amalgamations, the amalgamated company continued as New Gold Inc.

New Gold is a reporting issuer under the securities laws of each province and territory of Canada. The New Gold Shares are listed on the TSX and NYSE American, in each case, under the symbol "NGD". The registered office of New Gold is 925 West Georgia Street, Suite 1600, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6C 3L2 and its head office is at 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5J 2T3.

For further information regarding New Gold, the development of its business and its business activities, see the Annual Information Form of New Gold dated February 24, 2025 (the "Annual Information Form"), which is incorporated by reference in this Circular. See Appendix G for further information on New Gold.

INFORMATION CONCERNING COEUR

Information regarding Coeur is contained in Appendix H attached to this Circular. The information concerning Coeur contained in this Circular has been provided by Coeur for inclusion in this Circular. Although New Gold has no knowledge that any statement contained herein taken from, or based on, such information and records or information provided by Coeur is untrue or incomplete, New Gold assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information contained in such documents, records or information or for any failure by Coeur to disclose events which may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such information but which are unknown to New Gold.

Information Concerning the Combined Company

On completion of the Arrangement, Coeur will continue to be a corporation incorporated under and governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law. On the Effective Date, the Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur, will own all of the New Gold Shares, and New Gold will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coeur. Following completion of the Arrangement, existing Shareholders and Coeur Stockholders are expected to own approximately 38% and 62% of the Combined Company, respectively, in each case based on the number of New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares issued and outstanding on October 31, 2025, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Arrangement.

For further information regarding the Combined Company after the completion of the Arrangement, please see Appendix I attached to this Circular.

INTEREST OF INFORMED PERSONS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS

Except as disclosed in this Circular, since January 1, 2024, no informed person of New Gold or any associate or affiliate of an informed person, has or had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction or any arrangement which has materially affected or will materially affect New Gold or its subsidiaries.

INTEREST OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN MATTERS TO BE ACTED UPON

Except as disclosed in this Circular, no director or executive officer of New Gold who has held such position at any time since January 1, 2024 or any associate or affiliate of any such person has any material interest, direct or indirect, by way of beneficial ownership of securities or otherwise, in any matter to be acted upon at the Meeting.

- 121?-

Ownership of New Gold Shares, New Gold Options, New Gold RSUs, New Gold PSUs and New Gold DSUs

Pursuant to the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements, all of the directors and officers of New Gold who beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction over, New Gold Shares agreed with Coeur to vote or cause to be voted such New Gold Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution. As of November 2, 2025, such directors and officers and their associates and affiliates, as a group, beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction over, an aggregate of approximately 738,780 New Gold Shares, representing approximately 0.1% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares.

All of the New Gold Shares held by New Gold directors and such officers will be treated in the same fashion under the Arrangement as the New Gold Shares held by any other Shareholder. If the Arrangement is completed, the directors and officers of New Gold and their associates holding such New Gold Shares will receive, in exchange for such New Gold Shares, an aggregate of approximately 366,361 Coeur Shares (prior to deduction or applicable withholdings and rounding due to fractions).

As of November 2, 2025, the directors and officers of New Gold party to the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements and their associates and affiliates, as a group, beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction over, an aggregate of approximately 202,319 New Gold Options, 1,897,314 New Gold RSUs, 4,708,415 New Gold PSUs and 2,050,626 New Gold DSUs.

Except as otherwise described in this Circular, all of the New Gold Shares and Incentive Awards held by such directors and officers of New Gold will be treated in the same manner under the Arrangement as any New Gold Shares and Incentive Awards held by other holders of such securities. See "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement" and "Business Combination Under MI 61-101" for further details on the treatment of the New Gold Shares and the Incentive Awards and information concerning the amounts to be received by the directors and officers of New Gold pursuant to the Arrangement.

New Gold Contractual Change of Control Payments

Except as otherwise described in this Circular, no director or officer of New Gold is entitled to any change of control or other bonus or payment solely as a consequence of the Arrangement. The employment agreements (the "Employment Agreements") of New Gold's officers contain "double trigger" change of control provisions. These officers are: Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Keith Murphy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ankit Shah, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer; Luke Buchanan, Vice President, Technical Services; Sean Keating, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; Paul Melling, Vice President, Treasury and Risk; Travis Murphy, Vice President, Operations; Jean-François Ravenelle, Vice President, Geology; and Daniel Sharkey, Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer.

Pursuant to their respective Employment Agreements, each officer listed above is entitled to a change of control payment in the event of a "change of control" (as defined in each Employment Agreement) which is followed by either the termination of such officer's employment without cause or resignation of such officer following a "triggering event" (as defined in each Employment Agreement), within the 12-month period following the date of "change of control" (either such circumstance, a "Compensation Event"). The definition of "change of control" and "triggering event" is substantially the same in each Employment Agreement. The parties to the Arrangement Agreement have acknowledged that the Arrangement Agreement will result in a "change of control" for the purposes of the Employment Agreements.

Pursuant to the terms of each Employment Agreement, on occurrence of a Compensation Event, each of the foregoing officers is generally entitled to a severance payment equal to the sum of: (a) two times his or her base salary; (b) two times his or her short-term incentive bonus; (c) acceleration of Incentive Awards; and (d) continued participation in New Gold's health and medical plans until the earlier of obtaining alternate coverage under the terms of any new employment or the second anniversary of the termination date. Any officer who is a Non-Continuing Employee will be entitled to such severance payment.

- 122?-

The severance payments payable as of the Record Date to the officers of New Gold who were listed as NEOs (as defined in Form 51-102F6 - Statement of Executive Compensation) in the management information circular of New Gold dated March 31, 2025, pursuant to each such person's Employment Agreement in the event of a Compensation Event, but excluding any payments in connection with the settlement of the Incentive Awards which is separately detailed under "Business Combination Under MI 61-101", would be estimated to be as follows: (a) C$4,165,000, in the case of Mr. Patrick Godin, President and Chief Executive Officer; (b) C$1,680,000, in the case of Mr. Keith Murphy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; (c) C$2,016,000, in the case of Mr. Ankit Shah, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer; and (d) C$1,584,000, in the case of Mr. Luke Buchanan, Vice President, Technical Services. See "Business Combination Under MI 61-101" for details of payments in connection with the settlement of Incentive Awards.

Insurance and Indemnification of Directors and Officers

The Arrangement Agreement provides for the purchase by New Gold of customary "tail" policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance providing protection no less favourable in the aggregate to the protection provided by the policies maintained by New Gold and in its subsidiaries which are in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date and which provide protection in respect of claims arising from facts or events which occurred on or prior to the Effective Date for a period of six years from the Effective Date and Coeur is required to maintain such tail policies in effect without any reduction in scope or coverage for six years from the Effective Date, provided that if the aggregate cost of such policy for the six year period exceeds 400% of New Gold's current annual aggregate premium for policies currently maintained by New Gold or its subsidiaries, New Gold may purchase such insurance on commercially reasonable terms and market-based pricing following consultation in good faith with Coeur and with Coeur's consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). In addition, Coeur has agreed that it will directly honour all rights to indemnification or exculpation now existing in favour of present and former directors and officers of New Gold and its subsidiaries. These obligations will survive the completion of the Arrangement and will continue in full force and effect for a period of no less than six years from the Effective Date.

AUDITOR, Transfer Agent and Registrar

New Gold's auditor is Deloitte LLP and its registrar and transfer agent is Computershare, located in Toronto, Ontario.

EXPENSES OF THE ARRANGEMENT

The aggregate fees and expenses expected to be incurred by New Gold in connection with the Arrangement are estimated to be $35,000,000, including legal, technical, financial and tax advisory, filing and printing costs, the costs of preparing and mailing this Circular and fees in respect of the Fairness Opinions.

New Gold and Coeur have agreed in the Arrangement Agreement that, except in the circumstances described under "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement", each Party will pay all of its respective fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of the Arrangement Agreement and Plan of Arrangement.

LEGAL MATTERS

Certain legal matters in connection with the Arrangement will be passed upon by Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP on behalf of New Gold and by Goodmans LLP and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP on behalf of Coeur. As at December 18, 2025, partners and associates of each of Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP, Goodmans LLP and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, less than 1% of the issued and outstanding New Gold Shares, respectively.

- 123?-

INTERESTS OF EXPERTS

New Gold

Each of National Bank Financial and CIBC World Markets is named as having prepared or certified a report, statement or opinion in this Circular, specifically its fairness opinions. See "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions". Except for the fees to be paid to the financial advisors, to the knowledge of New Gold, none of the foregoing financial advisors, their directors, officers, employees and partners, as applicable, or their respective associates or affiliates, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 1% or more of any outstanding securities of New Gold or any associate or affiliate of New Gold, has received or will receive any direct or indirect interests in the property of New Gold or any of its associates or affiliates, or is expected to be elected, appointed or employed as a director, officer or employee of New Gold or any associate or affiliate thereof.

The audited consolidated financial statements of New Gold as at and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, incorporated by reference in this Circular, have been audited by Deloitte LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that has been appointed as the external auditor of New Gold. Deloitte LLP is independent with respect to New Gold within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and within the meaning of the rules of professional conduct of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario.

Information relating to New Gold's mineral properties in this Circular and the documents incorporated by reference herein have been derived from the following reports prepared for New Gold or its subsidiaries:

· the Rainy River Mine Technical Report entitled "NI 43-101 Technical Report, Rainy River Mine, Ontario, Canada", dated February 10, 2025 with an effective date of December 31, 2024, prepared by Jason Chiasson, P.Eng., Chief Open Pit Engineer at the Rainy River Mine, Alexander Alousis, P.Eng., previously Underground Mine Manager at the Rainy River Mine, Caroline Daoust, P.Geo., Exploration Manager at the Rainy River Mine, Mohammad Taghimohammadi, P.Eng., Mill Manager at the Rainy River Mine, Vincent Nadeau-Benoit, P.Geo., Director, Mineral Resources, Travis Pastachak, P.Geo., Senior Director, Project Development and Emily O'Hara, P.Eng., Manager, Water Strategy and Stewardship, each a full-time employee of New Gold as of the date of the report; and · the New Afton Technical Report entitled "NI 43-101 Technical Report, New Afton Mine, British Columbia, Canada", dated February 10, 2025 with an effective date of December 31, 2024, prepared by Joshua Parsons, P.Eng., previously Principal Mine Engineer at the New Afton Mine, Devin Wade, P.Geo., Chief Exploration Geologist at the New Afton Mine, Jennifer Katchen, P.Eng., Chief Metallurgist at the New Afton Mine, Vincent Nadeau-Benoit, P.Geo., Director, Mineral Resources, Matthew Davis, P.Eng., Superintendent, Tailings and Surface at the New Afton Mine and Emily O'Hara, P.Eng., Manager, Water Strategy and Stewardship, each a full-time employee of New Gold as of the date of the report.

Each of the aforementioned persons (other than National Bank Financial, CIBC World Markets and Deloitte LLP) is a "qualified person", as such term is defined in NI 43-101. To New Gold's knowledge, as at the date hereof, the qualified persons specified above who participated in the preparation of such reports each beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than 1% of any class of shares of New Gold.

Coeur

The consolidated financial statements of Coeur as of December 31, 2024 and for the year then ended, incorporated by reference in this Circular, have been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accountants, as stated in its report appearing in the Coeur Annual Report.

- 124?-

The SilverCrest Financial Statements, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Coeur dated March 25, 2025 and incorporated by reference in this Circular, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as set forth in their report thereon. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has advised that it was independent with respect to Coeur within the meaning of the Code of Professional Conduct of the Chartered Professional Accountants of British Columbia and within the meaning of the American Institute of Certified Public Accounts (AICPA) Code of Professional Conduct until March 25, 2025, the date of the audit report.

Information relating to Coeur's mineral properties in this Circular and the documents incorporated by reference herein have been derived from the following technical report summaries prepared for Coeur:

· The S-K 1300 Technical Report Summary, effective December 31, 2024, with respect to the Las Chispas Operation complex, prepared by Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC, Christopher Pascoe, RM SME, Joseph Wallick, P. Eng, and P&E Mining Consultants, Inc.; · The Palmarejo Operations, Mexico, Technical Report Summary, effective December 31, 2021, prepared by Christopher Pascoe, RM SME, Miller O'Prey, P. Geo., Peter Haarala, RM SME, and Joseph Ruffini, RM SME; · The Rochester Operations, Nevada, Technical Report Summary, effective December 31, 2021, prepared by Christopher Pascoe, RM SME, Brandon MacDougall, P.E., Matthew Bradford, RM SME, and Matthew Hoffer, P.G; · The Kensington Gold Operations, Alaska, Technical Report Summary, effective December 31, 2021, prepared by Christopher Pascoe, RM SME, Rae Keim, P. Geo, and Peter Haarala, RM SME; and · The Wharf Operations, South Dakota, Technical Report Summary, effective December 31, 2021, prepared by Christopher Pascoe, RM SME, Tony Auld, RM SME, Lindsay Chasten, RM SME, Kenan Sarratt, RM SME, and John Key, RM SME.

Each of the aforementioned persons (other than PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Grant Thornton LLP) is a "qualified person" under Regulation S-K 1300 of the U.S. Exchange Act. Other than Ausenco Engineering Canada ULC and P&E Mining Consultants, Inc., Matthew Hoffer, Brandon MacDougall, Lindsay Chasten and Miller O'Prey (who is engaged as a consultant) each is an employee of Coeur. To Coeur's knowledge, the qualified persons specified above who participated in the preparation of such reports each beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than 1% of any of Coeur's securities as of the date hereof.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional information relating to New Gold, including financial information provided in New Gold's comparative annual financial statements and Annual MD&A, can be found on New Gold's issuer profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and EDGAR at www.sec.gov and on New Gold's website at www.newgold.com. Copies of New Gold's audited consolidated financial statements and the Annual MD&A, and any interim consolidated financial statements and management's discussion and analysis thereon are also available upon request from the Corporate Secretary at 181 Bay Street, Suite 3320, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2T3. Information contained on New Gold's website is not and is not deemed to be a part of this Circular or incorporated by reference herein and should not be relied upon by Shareholders for the purpose of determining whether to approve the Arrangement Resolution.

- 125?-

DIRECTORS' APPROVAL

The contents of this Circular and the sending thereof to the Shareholders have been approved by the Board.

  By Order of the Board of Directors of new gold Inc. 
  
  (Signed) "Richard O'Brien" 
  Chair of the Board of Directors 


DATED this 19 day of December, 2025.

- 126?-

CONSENTS

Consent of CIBC World Markets Inc.

To the Special Committee of New Gold Inc.:

We refer to the opinion letter dated November 2, 2025 (the "Fairness Opinion"), which we prepared for the Special Committee of New Gold Inc. ("New Gold") in connection with the plan of arrangement involving New Gold, Coeur Mining, Inc. and 1561611 B.C. Ltd.

We hereby consent to the references to our firm name and to the reference to the Fairness Opinion contained in the Letter to Shareholders accompanying the Management Information Circular dated December 19, 2025 (the "Circular") and under the headings "Questions and Answers about the Arrangement and the Meeting", "Summary", "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement", "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Special Committee", "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Board", "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board", "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions - CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion", "Expenses of the Arrangement", "Interests of Experts - New Gold" and "Glossary of Terms" and to the inclusion of the text of the Fairness Opinion as Appendix E to the Circular. The Fairness Opinion remains subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations contained therein. In providing our consent, we do not intend that any person other than the directors of New Gold shall be entitled to rely upon our opinion.

DATED at Toronto, Ontario, Canada this 19 day of December, 2025.

(Signed) "CIBC World Markets Inc."

- 127?-

Consent of National Bank Financial Inc.

To the Board of Directors of New Gold Inc.:

We refer to the opinion letter dated November 2, 2025 (the "Fairness Opinion"), which we prepared for the Board of Directors of New Gold Inc. ("New Gold") in connection with the plan of arrangement involving New Gold, Coeur Mining, Inc. and 1561611 B.C. Ltd.

We hereby consent to the references to our firm name and to the reference to the Fairness Opinion contained in the Letter to Shareholders accompanying the Management Information Circular dated December 19, 2025 (the "Circular") and under the headings "Questions and Answers about the Arrangement and the Meeting", "Summary", "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement", "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Special Committee", "The Arrangement - Recommendation of the Board", "The Arrangement - Reasons for the Recommendation of the Special Committee and the Board", "The Arrangement - Fairness Opinions - National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion", "Expenses of the Arrangement", "Interests of Experts - New Gold" and "Glossary of Terms" and to the inclusion of the text of the Fairness Opinion as Appendix F to the Circular. The Fairness Opinion remains subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations contained therein. In providing our consent, we do not intend that any person other than the directors of New Gold shall be entitled to rely upon our opinion.

DATED at Toronto, Ontario, Canada this 19 day of December, 2025.

(Signed) "National Bank Financial Inc."

- 128?-

GLOSSARY OF TERMS

"5-Day VWAP" means, in respect of the New Gold Shares, the volume weighted average share price of the New Gold Shares on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) for the five trading days ending on the trading date immediately preceding the Value Determination Date, calculated by dividing the total Canadian dollar value of the New Gold Shares traded in such five trading day period on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) by the total number of such shares traded on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) for such five-day trading period;

"Accelerated RSUs" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards - Treatment of New Gold RSUs";

"Acquisition Proposal" means, in respect of a Party, other than the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, any offer, proposal or inquiry from any person or group of persons (other than the other Party or any affiliate of the other Party), whether written or oral, made after the date hereof, relating to: (a) any direct or indirect sale or disposition (or any joint venture, lease, license, long-term supply agreement, royalty agreement or other arrangement having the same economic effect as a sale or disposition), in a single transaction or series of related transactions, of (i) assets of such Party and or one or more of its Subsidiaries (including shares of Subsidiaries of such Party) that, individually or in the aggregate, (A) represent 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and measured by the fair market value thereof, or (B) contribute 20% or more of the consolidated revenue of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of such Party or 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of one or more Subsidiaries of such Party whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (in each case, determined based upon the most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements of such Party); (b) any direct or indirect take-over bid, tender offer, exchange offer, treasury issuance or other transaction that, if consummated, would result in such person or group of persons beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of such Party or 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of one or more Subsidiaries of such Party whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (determined based upon the most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements of such Party); or (c) a plan of arrangement, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, share exchange, share reclassification, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or other similar transaction involving such Party and/or any of its Subsidiaries that, if consummated, would result in such person or group of persons beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of such Party or 20% or more of any class of voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for such voting or equity securities) of one or more Subsidiaries of such Party whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of such Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (determined based upon the most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements of such Party);

"allowable capital loss" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses";

"Annual Information Form" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Information Concerning New Gold";

"Annual MD&A" has the meaning given to it in Appendix G to this Circular;

- 129?-

"Arrangement" means the arrangement of New Gold under the provisions of Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Plan of Arrangement, subject to any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, the Plan of Arrangement, or made at the direction of the Court in the Final Order with the prior written consent of both New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably;

"Arrangement Agreement" means the arrangement agreement dated November 2, 2025 between New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser, including all schedules annexed thereto, together with the New Gold Disclosure Letter and Coeur Disclosure Letter, in each case as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof;

"Arrangement Resolution" means the special resolution of the Shareholders approving the Plan of Arrangement, which is to be considered, and if thought fit, passed at the Meeting, substantially in the form and content of Appendix A to this Circular;

"Authorization" means, with respect to any person, any authorization, order, permit, approval, grant, agreement, licence, classification, restriction, registration, consent, order, right, notification, condition, franchise, privilege, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decision having the force of Law, of, from or required by any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over such person;

"BCBCA" means the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), and the regulations made thereunder, as promulgated or amended from time to time;

"Blakes" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"BMO Capital Markets" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"Board" means the board of directors of New Gold, as the same is constituted from time to time;

"Board Recommendation" means the recommendation by the Board, after receiving financial and legal advice, the Fairness Opinions and the recommendation of the Special Committee, that Shareholders vote in favour of the Arrangement Resolution;

"Broadridge" means Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.;

"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory or civic holiday in Mexico City, Mexico, New York, New York, Toronto, Ontario or Vancouver, British Columbia;

"Canada-U.S. Tax Treaty" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Not Resident in Canada - Dissenting Non-Resident Holders";

"Canadian Securities Authorities" means the Ontario Securities Commission and any other applicable securities commissions and securities regulatory authority of a province or territory of Canada;

"Canadian Securities Laws" means the Securities Act and any other applicable Canadian provincial or territorial securities Laws (including published policies thereunder);

"Cash Out Value" means an amount equal to (a) the product of (i) the number of New Gold Shares underlying a New Gold Option, and (ii) the 5-Day VWAP of the New Gold Shares, minus (b) the aggregate exercise price of such New Gold Option;

"CDS" means CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc.;

"CIBC World Markets" means CIBC World Markets Inc., as independent financial advisor to the Special Committee;

- 130?-

"CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion" means the opinion of CIBC World Markets, addressed to the Special Committee, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders;

"CIM Standards" means the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy, and Petroleum Definition Standards on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves;

"Circular" means this management information circular, including the Notice of Special Meeting, together with all appendices hereto and all documents incorporated by reference herein, and all amendments and supplements hereof, to be mailed or otherwise distributed by New Gold to the Shareholders or such other persons as may be required by the Interim Order and applicable laws in connection with the Meeting;

"CNA" means the National Antitrust Commission (Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio) of Mexico or any other governmental body that may assume its powers and responsibilities;

"CNA Approval" means the unconditional approval of the concentration consisting in the transactions contemplated in the Arrangement Agreement issued by the CNA, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the Mexican Antitrust Law;

"Coeur" means Coeur Mining, Inc., corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware;

"Coeur Annual Report" means the Form 10-K annual report of Coeur filed February 19, 2025 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, as amended;

"Coeur Board" means the board of directors of Coeur, as the same is constituted from time to time;

"Coeur Board Recommendation" means the recommendation of the Coeur Board, after evaluating the Arrangement in consultation with Coeur's management and legal and financial advisors, that Coeur Stockholders vote to approve the Coeur Charter Amendment and Coeur Stock Issuance;

"Coeur Change in Recommendation" means, until the earlier of the Effective Time or the date, if any, on which the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, Coeur, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives: (a) adopt, approve, publicly endorse or publicly recommend or publicly propose to adopt, approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal; (b) withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, or otherwise publicly propose to withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, in a manner adverse to New Gold, the Coeur Board Recommendation; (c) if an Acquisition Proposal has been publicly disclosed, fail to publicly recommend against any such Acquisition Proposal within 10 Business Days after New Gold's written request that Coeur or the Coeur Board do so (or subsequently withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify (or publicly propose to do so), in a manner adverse to New Gold, such rejection of such Acquisition Proposal) and reaffirm the Coeur Board Recommendation within such 10 Business Day period (or, with respect to any Acquisition Proposals or material amendments, revisions or changes to the terms of any such previously publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal that are publicly disclosed within the last 10 days prior to the Meeting, fail to take the foregoing actions, with references to the applicable 10 Business Day period being replaced with three Business Days); (d) fail to include the Coeur Board Recommendation in the Coeur Proxy Statement; (e) approve or authorize, or cause or permit Coeur or any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any merger agreement, acquisition agreement, reorganization agreement, letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or similar agreement or document relating to, or any other agreement or commitment providing for, any Acquisition Proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement entered into in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement); or (f) commit or agree to do any of the foregoing;

"Coeur Charter Amendment" means an amendment to the certificate of incorporation of Coeur, substantially in the form of Schedule C to the Arrangement Agreement;

"Coeur Disclosure Letter" means the disclosure letter dated November 2, 2025 (including all schedules, exhibits and appendices thereto) and executed by Coeur and delivered to New Gold prior to or concurrently with the execution of the Arrangement Agreement;

- 131?-

"Coeur Incentive Awards" means all outstanding Coeur RSUs, performance share units, options and any other awards made in accordance with the Coeur Incentive Plans;

"Coeur Incentive Plans" means, collectively, the Amended & Restated Coeur Mining, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective as of May 11, 2021, the Coeur Mining, Inc. Stock Option Plan (Legacy Plan), effective August 24, 2015, as amended, and the Coeur Mining, Inc. Stock Option Plan, effective June 15, 2022, as amended, and the applicable form of award agreements thereunder;

"Coeur Material Adverse Effect" means any one or more changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, material and adverse to the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Coeur and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance resulting or arising from or relating to: (a) the announcement or execution of the Arrangement Agreement or the implementation of the transactions contemplated thereby (including the impact of any of the foregoing on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of Coeur with customers, suppliers, service providers and employees); (b) any change in the market price or trading volume of any securities of Coeur (it being understood that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such change in market price or trading volume that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a Coeur Material Adverse Effect may be taken into account in determining whether a Coeur Material Adverse Effect has occurred); (c) any change affecting the gold and silver mining industry as a whole; (d) any change (on a current or forward basis) in the price of gold or silver or any changes in commodity prices or general market prices affecting the mining industry; (e) general political, economic, financial, currency exchange, inflation, interest rates, securities or commodity market conditions in the United States, Canada or Mexico; (f) any generally applicable change or prospective change after the date of the Arrangement Agreement in U.S. GAAP or regulatory accounting requirements; (g) the commencement, continuation or escalation of any war, armed hostilities or acts of terrorism, or the occurrence of any cyber-attacks or data breaches; (h) any general outbreak of illness, pandemic, epidemic, national health emergency, forced quarantine, lockdown or similar event, or the worsening thereof; (i) the failure of Coeur to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, guidance, budgets, or estimates of revenues, earnings, cash flow or other financial performance or results of operations for any period (provided, however, that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such failure that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a Coeur Material Adverse Effect may be considered to determine whether such failure constitutes a Coeur Material Adverse Effect); (j) any natural disaster (including any hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, forest fire, weather-related event or man-made natural disaster); (k) any adoption, implementation, promulgation, repeal, modification, amendment, reinterpretation, change or proposal of any applicable Law of and by any Governmental Entity occurring after the date of the Arrangement Agreement (including with respect to Taxes); or (l) any action taken (or omitted to be taken) by Coeur or a Subsidiary thereof which is required to be taken (or omitted to be taken) pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement or that is consented to by New Gold in writing; provided, however, (1) that with respect to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j), to the extent any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance has a disproportionate effect on Coeur and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other entities with a similar type, size and scale, and operating in the same industries, as Coeur and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, operate, the incremental disproportionate effect may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Coeur Material Adverse Effect, and only to the extent otherwise permitted by this definition and (2) in the Arrangement Agreement, references to dollar amounts are not intended to be and shall not be illustrative or interpretive for purposes of determining if a Coeur Material Adverse Effect has occurred;

"Coeur Meeting" means the meeting of Coeur Stockholders, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, to be called and held in accordance with applicable Law to consider the Coeur Charter Amendment, Coeur Stock Issuance and for any other purpose as may be set out in the Coeur Proxy Statement and agreed to in writing by New Gold;

"Coeur Proxy Statement" means the proxy statement on Schedule 14A to be distributed to the Coeur Stockholders, including all schedules, appendices and exhibits thereto and enclosures therewith, and information incorporated by reference therein, in connection with the Coeur Meeting, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement;

- 132?-

"Coeur Record Date" means December 8, 2025;

"Coeur RSUs" means the outstanding restricted stock units of Coeur granted under the Coeur Incentive Plans;

"Coeur Shares" means the shares of common stock in the capital of Coeur;

"Coeur Stock Issuance" means the issuance of Coeur Shares, pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement as contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Arrangement Agreement;

"Coeur Stockholder" means a holder of one or more Coeur Shares;

"Coeur Stockholder Approvals" means the approval of (a) the Coeur Stock Issuance by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast in person (virtually) or represented by proxy at the Coeur Meeting in accordance with section 312.03(c) and section 312.07 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual; and (b) the Coeur Charter Amendment by the affirmative vote of Coeur Stockholders required by the certificate of incorporation of Coeur and the DGCL at the Coeur Meeting;

"Coeur Superior Proposal" means a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal (with references to 20% being deemed to be replaced with references to 50%) in respect of Coeur and its Subsidiaries that did not result from a breach of the non-solicitation provisions of the Arrangement Agreement: (a) that is reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay, taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal and the person or group of persons making such Acquisition Proposal; (b) that is not subject to any financing condition and in respect of which adequate arrangements have been made to complete any required financing to consummate such Acquisition Proposal to the satisfaction of the Coeur Board, acting in good faith (after consultation with Coeur's legal and financial advisors); (c) that is not, as of the date that Coeur provides a Coeur Superior Proposal Notice, subject to a due diligence and/or access condition (but, for greater certainty, may include a customary access covenant); (d) complies with applicable U.S. Securities Laws in all material respects; and (e) in respect of which the Coeur Board (after consultation with Coeur's legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith, and after taking into account all the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, including all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal, would, if consummated in accordance with its terms, result in a transaction that is more favourable, from a financial point of view, to the Coeur Stockholders, than the Arrangement (including any amendments to the terms and conditions of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement proposed by New Gold);

"Coeur Superior Proposal Notice" means notice in writing provided by Coeur to New Gold, in accordance with the superior proposal and right to match provisions of the Arrangement Agreement;

"Coeur Support and Voting Agreements" means the support and voting agreements between New Gold and the Coeur Stockholders party thereto setting forth the terms and conditions upon which they have agreed, among other things, to vote their Coeur Shares in favour of the Coeur Charter Amendment and Coeur Stock Issuance;

"Coeur Supporting Shareholders" means, collectively, the directors and senior officers of Coeur who have entered into a Coeur Support and Voting Agreement;

"Coeur Technical Reports" means, collectively, the Kensington Technical Report, the Las Chispas Technical Report, the Palmarejo Technical Report, the Rochester Technical Report and the Wharf Technical Report;

"Coeur Termination Payment" means $413,705,000;

"Coeur Termination Payment Event" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination Payments";

- 133?-

"Combined Company" means Coeur and all of its subsidiaries (including New Gold) immediately following completion of the Arrangement;

"Commissioner" means the Commissioner of Competition appointed under subsection 7(1) of the Competition Act and includes any person duly authorized by the Commissioner to act on his behalf;

"Company" means New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia;

"Compensation Event" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon - New Gold Contractual Change of Control Payments";

"Competition Act" means the Competition Act (Canada) and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended;

"Competition Act Approval" means that, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, either: (a) both: (i) the applicable waiting periods under subsection 123(1) of the Competition Act shall have expired or have been waived in accordance with subsection 123(2) of the Competition Act or the obligation to provide a premerger notification in accordance with Part IX of the Competition Act shall have been waived in accordance with paragraph 113(c) of the Competition Act; and (ii) the Commissioner shall have issued a No-Action Letter; or (b) the Commissioner shall have issued an Advance Ruling Certificate;

"Competition Challenge" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Competition Act Approval";

"Competition Tribunal" means the Competition Tribunal established under the Competition Tribunal Act (Canada);

"Computershare" means Computershare Investor Services Inc.;

"concentration" for purposes of Mexican Antitrust Law, means any merger, acquisition of control or any transaction the result of which is the merger of corporations, companies, associations, shares, equity interests, trusts or assets in general, executed among competitors, suppliers, clients or any other economic agent;

"Confidentiality Agreement" means the amended and restated confidentiality agreement between Coeur and New Gold dated April 17, 2025, as further amended on September 25, 2025;

"Consideration" means the consideration to be received by the Shareholders pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement;

"Consideration Shares" means the Coeur Shares to be received by Shareholders as part of the Consideration pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement;

"Continuing Employees" means New Gold Employees that are employed by Coeur, New Gold or any of their respective subsidiaries immediately following the Effective Time;

"Court" means the Supreme Court of British Columbia;

"CRA" means the Canada Revenue Agency;

"Davies" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"Depositary" means Computershare, in its capacity as depositary for the purpose of, among other things, exchanging certificates representing New Gold Shares for the aggregate Consideration in connection with the Arrangement;

"DGCL" means Delaware General Corporation Law;

- 134?-

"Dissent Rights" means the rights of dissent exercisable by registered Shareholders in respect of the Arrangement under sections 237 to 247 of the BCBCA, as modified by the Interim Order, the Final Order and the Plan of Arrangement;

"Dissent Shares" means the New Gold Shares held by a Dissenting Shareholder in respect of which the Dissenting Shareholder has properly and validly exercised Dissent Rights;

"Dissenting Shareholder" means a registered Shareholder as of the Record Date who has properly and validly dissented in respect of the Arrangement Resolution in strict compliance with the Dissent Rights, who has not withdrawn or been deemed to have withdrawn such exercise of Dissent Rights and who is ultimately determined to be entitled to be paid the fair value of its New Gold Shares, but only in respect of the Dissent Shares;

"DRS Advice" means a Direct Registration System Advice;

"DTC" means The Depository Trust Company;

"EDGAR" means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system of the SEC;

"Effective Date" means the date on which the Arrangement becomes effective in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement;

"Effective Time" means the time on the Effective Date that the Arrangement becomes effective, as set out in the Plan of Arrangement;

"Employment Agreements" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Interest of Certain Persons in Matters to be Acted Upon - New Gold Contractual Change of Control Payments";

"ERISA" means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974;

"Exchange Amount" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Business Combination Under MI 61-101";

"Exchange Ratio" means 0.4959;

"Expense Reimbursement Amount" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Expense Reimbursement Payable by New Gold";

"Fairness Opinions" means the National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion and the CIBC World Markets Fairness Opinion;

"FHSA" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

"Final Order" means the final order of the Court contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, in form and substance acceptable to New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably, approving the Arrangement, as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of both New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably) at any time prior to the Effective Date or, if appealed, then, unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed or as amended (provided that any such amendment is acceptable to both New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably) on appeal;

"Goodmans" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"Governmental Entity" means: (a) any international, federal, provincial, territorial, tribal, state, regional, county, municipal, local or other government, governmental or public department, central bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body, international arbitration institution, commission, board, ministry bureau, agency or entity, domestic or foreign; (b) any stock exchange, including the TSX, the NYSE and the NYSE American; (c) any subdivision, agent, commission, board or authority of any of the foregoing; or (d) any quasi-governmental or private body or self-regulatory organization exercising any regulatory, expropriation or taxing authority under or for the account of any of the foregoing;

- 135?-

"Holder" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations";

"ICA" means the Investment Canada Act (Canada), as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder;

"ICA Approval" means, in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, that: (a) either (i) Coeur shall have received written evidence from the responsible Minister under the ICA that the Minister is satisfied that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA, or (ii) the responsible Minister shall have been deemed to be satisfied (within the meaning of the ICA) that the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement are likely to be of net benefit to Canada pursuant to the ICA; and (b) there shall be no order prohibiting the consummation of the Arrangement under part IV.1 of the ICA;

"IFRS" means IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board;

"Incentive Awards" means New Gold Options, New Gold PSUs, New Gold RSUs and New Gold DSUs;

"including" means including, without limitation;

"Initial Outside Date" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Either Party";

"Interim MD&A" has the meaning given to it in Appendix G;

"Interim Order" means the interim order of the Court attached hereto as Appendix B, made pursuant to section 291 of the BCBCA following the application therefor submitted to the Court after being informed of the intention to rely upon the exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect to the Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement as contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, in a form and substance acceptable to New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably, providing for, among other things, the calling and holding of the Meeting, including as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably);

"Investment Assets" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Offshore Investment Fund Property Rules";

"IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service;

"Kensington Technical Report" means the technical report summary prepared for the Kensington gold operations entitled "Kensington Gold Operations, Alaska, Technical Report Summary" dated current as at December 31, 2021 and filed on February 16, 2022;

"Kingsdale Advisors" means the strategic shareholder advisor and proxy solicitation agent, Kingsdale Advisors, who has been retained by New Gold to provide the proxy solicitation services described under the heading "Management Information Circular";

"Las Chispas Technical Report" means the technical report summary prepared for the Las Chispas operation entitled "Las Chispas Operation, S-K1300 Technical Report Summary, Sonora, Mexico" dated effective December 31, 2024;

"Law" or "Laws" means all laws (including common law), by-laws, statutes, rules, regulations, principles of law and equity, orders, rulings, ordinances, judgments, injunctions, determinations, awards, decrees or other requirements, whether domestic or foreign, that are binding upon or applicable to such person or its business and have the force of law, and the terms and conditions of any Authorization of or from any Governmental Entity, and, for greater certainty, includes Securities Laws and applicable common law, and the term "applicable" with respect to such Laws and in a context that refers to a Party, means such Laws as are applicable to such Party and/or its Subsidiaries or their business, undertaking, property or securities and emanate from a person having jurisdiction over the Party and/or its Subsidiaries or its or their business, undertaking, property or securities;

- 136?-

"Letter of Transmittal" means the letter of transmittal for use by registered Shareholders, in the form accompanying the Circular;

"Liens" means any hypothecs, mortgages, pledges, assignments, liens, charges, security interests, encumbrances and adverse rights or claims or other third party interests or encumbrances of any kind, whether contingent or absolute, and any agreement, option, lease, sublease, restriction, easement, right-of-way, right or privilege (whether by Law, contract or otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing;

"Matching Period" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation and Acquisition Proposals - Superior Proposals and Right to Match";

"Meeting" means the special meeting of the Shareholders, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, to be called and held in accordance with the Interim Order to consider, and if deemed advisable approve, the Arrangement Resolution;

"Meeting Materials" means the Notice of Special Meeting, this Circular and the related form of proxy or voting instruction form;

"Mexican Antitrust Law" means the Federal Economic Competition Law (Ley Federal de Competencia Económica) of Mexico;

"Mexico" means the United Mexican States;

"MI 61-101" means Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions;

"Multiemployer Plan" means any "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA;

"National Bank Financial" means National Bank Financial Inc., as financial advisor to New Gold;

"National Bank Financial Fairness Opinion" means the opinion of National Bank Financial to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations and qualifications set out therein, the Consideration to be received by the Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to Shareholders;

"National Security Notice" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - ICA Approval";

"National Security Review" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - ICA Approval";

"Net Benefit Approval" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - ICA Approval";

"New Afton Mine" means New Gold's 100% owned New Afton copper and gold mine in British Columbia, Canada;

"New Afton Mine Technical Report" means the technical report prepared for the New Afton Mine entitled "NI 43-101 Technical Report, New Afton Mine, British Columbia, Canada" dated effective December 31, 2024;

- 137?-

"New Gold" means New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia;

"New Gold Benefit Plans" means all employee benefit plans, including all welfare, health, dental, vision, prescription drug, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, emergency travel, life, short term disability, long term disability or other medical insurance, mortgage insurance, employee loan, employee assistance, supplemental unemployment benefit, post-employment benefit, post-retirement benefit, bonus, profit sharing, option, incentive, performance, equity, equity-based, phantom, deferred compensation, severance, retention, stay bonus, paid time off, change of control, termination, pension, retirement, saving and supplemental retirement agreements, policies, programs, arrangements, schemes, practices or undertakings, whether funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, registered or unregistered, oral or written, which are maintained by or binding upon New Gold or any of its Subsidiaries or for which New Gold or its Subsidiaries has any liability or contingent liability for the benefit of any current or former New Gold Employees or independent contractors (or, to the extent applicable, any spouses, dependents, survivors or beneficiaries of such persons) excluding any Multiemployer Plans or Statutory Plans;

"New Gold Change in Recommendation" means, until the earlier of the Effective Time or the date, if any, on which the Arrangement Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, New Gold, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives: (a) adopt, approve, publicly endorse or publicly recommend or publicly propose to adopt, approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal; (b) withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, or otherwise publicly propose to withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify, in a manner adverse to Coeur, the Board Recommendation; (c) if an Acquisition Proposal has been publicly disclosed, fail to publicly recommend against any such Acquisition Proposal within 10 Business Days after Coeur's written request that New Gold or the Board do so (or subsequently withdraw, change, amend, modify or qualify (or publicly propose to do so), in a manner adverse to Coeur, such rejection of such Acquisition Proposal) and reaffirm the Board Recommendation within such 10 Business Day period (or, with respect to any Acquisition Proposals or material amendments, revisions or changes to the terms of any such previously publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal that are publicly disclosed within the last 10 days prior to the Meeting, fail to take the foregoing actions, with references to the applicable 10 Business Day period being replaced with three Business Days); (d) fail to include the Board Recommendation in this Circular; (e) approve or authorize, or cause or permit New Gold or any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any merger agreement, acquisition agreement, reorganization agreement, letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or similar agreement or document relating to, or any other agreement or commitment providing for, any Acquisition Proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement entered into in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement); or (f) commit or agree to do any of the foregoing;

"New Gold Director Nominees" means Patrick Godin and one other member of the Board, each of whom will be members of the Coeur Board following the Effective Time, in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement;

"New Gold Disclosure Letter" means the disclosure letter dated November 2, 2025 (including all schedules, exhibits and appendices thereto) and executed by New Gold and delivered to Coeur prior to or concurrently with the execution of the Arrangement Agreement;

"New Gold DSU Plan" means the deferred share unit plan of New Gold effective May 6, 2010, as amended;

"New Gold DSUs" means the outstanding deferred share units granted under the New Gold DSU Plan;

"New Gold Employees" means all individuals who are employed as officers or employees by New Gold and its subsidiaries, including unionized, non-unionized, part-time, full-time, active and inactive employees, and any officers who provide services to New Gold as consultants;

"New Gold LTIP" means the long term incentive plan of New Gold effective February 19, 2025;

- 138?-

"New Gold Material Adverse Effect" means any one or more changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, material and adverse to the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of New Gold and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance resulting or arising from or relating to: (a) the announcement or execution of the Arrangement Agreement or the implementation of the transactions contemplated thereby (including the impact of any of the foregoing on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of New Gold with customers, suppliers, service providers and employees); (b) any change in the market price or trading volume of any securities of New Gold (it being understood that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such change in market price or trading volume that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a New Gold Material Adverse Effect may be taken into account in determining whether a New Gold Material Adverse Effect has occurred); (c) any change affecting the gold, silver or copper mining industry as a whole; (d) any change (on a current or forward basis) in the price of gold, silver or copper or any changes in commodity prices or general market prices affecting the mining industry; (e) general political, economic, financial, currency exchange, inflation, interest rates, securities or commodity market conditions in the United States, Canada or Mexico; (f) any generally applicable change or prospective change after the date of the Arrangement Agreement in IFRS or regulatory accounting requirements; (g) the commencement, continuation or escalation of any war, armed hostilities or acts of terrorism, or the occurrence of any cyber-attacks or data breaches; (h) any general outbreak of illness, pandemic, epidemic, national health emergency, forced quarantine, lockdown or similar event, or the worsening thereof; (i) the failure of New Gold to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, guidance, budgets, or estimates of revenues, earnings, cash flow or other financial performance or results of operations for any period (provided, however, that the changes, effects, events, occurrences or states of fact or circumstance underlying such failure that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a New Gold Material Adverse Effect may be considered to determine whether such failure constitutes a New Gold Material Adverse Effect); (j) any natural disaster (including any hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, forest fire, weather-related event or man-made natural disaster); (k) any adoption, implementation, promulgation, repeal, modification, amendment, reinterpretation, change or proposal of any applicable Law of and by any Governmental Entity occurring after the date of the Arrangement Agreement (including with respect to Taxes); or (l) any action taken (or omitted to be taken) by New Gold or a Subsidiary thereof which is required to be taken (or omitted to be taken) pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement or that is consented to by Coeur in writing; provided, however, (1) that with respect to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j), to the extent any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts or circumstance has a disproportionate effect on New Gold and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, compared to other entities with a similar type, size and scale, and operating in the same industries, as New Gold and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, operate, the incremental disproportionate effect may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a New Gold Material Adverse Effect, and only to the extent otherwise permitted by this definition and (2) in the Arrangement Agreement, references to dollar amounts are not intended to be and shall not be illustrative or interpretive for purposes of determining if a New Gold Material Adverse Effect has occurred;

"New Gold Option Plan" means the option plan of New Gold effective May 4, 2011, as amended;

"New Gold Options" means the outstanding options to purchase New Gold Shares granted under the New Gold Option Plan;

"New Gold Properties" means the Rainy River Mine and the New Afton Mine;

"New Gold PSUs" means the outstanding performance share units granted under the New Gold LTIP;

"New Gold RSUs" means the outstanding restricted share units granted under the New Gold LTIP;

"New Gold Shareholder Approval" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - The Arrangement";

"New Gold Shares" means the common shares in the capital of New Gold;

- 139?-

"New Gold Superior Proposal" means a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal (with references to 20% being deemed to be replaced with references to 50%) in respect of New Gold and its Subsidiaries that did not result from a breach of the non-solicitation provisions of the Arrangement Agreement: (a) that is reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay, taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal and the person or group of persons making such Acquisition Proposal; (b) that is not subject to any financing condition and in respect of which adequate arrangements have been made to complete any required financing to consummate such Acquisition Proposal to the satisfaction of the Board, acting in good faith (after consultation with New Gold's legal and financial advisors); (c) that is not, as of the date that New Gold provides a New Gold Superior Proposal Notice, subject to a due diligence and/or access condition (but, for greater certainty, may include a customary access covenant); (d) complies with applicable Canadian Securities Laws in all material respects; and (e) in respect of which the Board (after consultation with New Gold's legal and financial advisors) determines in good faith, and after taking into account all the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, including all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal would, if consummated in accordance with its terms, result in a transaction that is more favourable, from a financial point of view, to the Shareholders, than the Arrangement (including any amendments to the terms and conditions of the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement proposed by Coeur);

"New Gold Superior Proposal Notice" means notice in writing provided by New Gold to Coeur, in accordance with the superior proposal and right-to-match provisions of the Arrangement Agreement;

"New Gold Support and Voting Agreements" means the support and voting agreements between Coeur and the Shareholders party thereto setting forth the terms and conditions upon which they have agreed, among other things, to vote their New Gold Shares and/or New Gold Options in favour of the Arrangement Resolution;

"New Gold Supporting Shareholders" means, collectively, all of the directors and officers of New Gold who have entered into a New Gold Support and Voting Agreement;

"New Gold Technical Reports" means the New Afton Mine Technical Report and the Rainy River Technical Report;

"New Gold Termination Payment" means $254,725,000;

"New Gold Termination Payment Event" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination Payments";

"NI 43-101" means National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects;

"NI 45-102" means National Instrument 45-102 - Resale of Securities;

"No-Action Letter" means a written confirmation from the Commissioner indicating that he does not, at that time, intend to make an application under section 92 of the Competition Act in respect of the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, such letter or other written notification having not been withdrawn prior to the Effective Time;

"Non-Continuing Employees" means New Gold Employees whose employment with New Gold or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated by New Gold or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, without cause, at or immediately prior to the Effective Time;

"non-GAAP measures" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Non-GAAP Measures";

"Non-Resident Dissenter" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Not Resident in Canada - Dissenting Non-Resident Holders";

"Non-Resident Holder" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Not Resident in Canada";

"Notice of Dissent" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Dissent Rights of Shareholders";

"Notice of Special Meeting" means the notice of special meeting of New Gold which accompanies this Circular;

- 140?-

"Notifiable Transaction" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Competition Act Approval";

"Notification" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Competition Act Approval";

"NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange;

"NYSE American" means the NYSE American stock exchange;

"OIF Rules" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Offshore Investment Fund Property Rules";

"Ontario Teachers" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"Outside Date" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement Agreement - Termination of the Arrangement Agreement - Termination by Either Party";

"Palmarejo Technical Report" means the technical report summary prepared for the Palmarejo operations entitled "Palmarejo Operations, Mexico, Technical Report Summary" dated current as at December 31, 2021 and filed on February 16, 2022;

"Parties" means, collectively, New Gold, Coeur and the Purchaser, and "Party" means any one of them;

"Permit" means any license, permit, certificate, consent, order, grant, approval, classification, registration or other authorization of and from any Governmental Entity;

"person" includes an individual, partnership, association, body corporate, trustee, executor, administrator, legal representative, government (including any Governmental Entity) or any other entity, whether or not having legal status;

"Petition and Notice of Hearing of Petition for the Final Order" means the petition and notice of hearing of petition for the Final Order attached as Appendix C to this Circular;

"PFIC" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations - Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations - In General";

"Plan of Arrangement" means the plan of arrangement of New Gold, substantially in the form and content set out in Appendix D, and any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement or upon the direction of the Court in the Final Order with the consent of New Gold and Coeur, each acting reasonably;

"Purchaser" means 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a company existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada;

"QEF" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations - Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations - Consequences of PFIC Status";

"Rainy River Mine" means New Gold's 100% owned Rainy River gold mine in Ontario, Canada;

"Rainy River Mine Technical Report" means the technical report prepared for the Rainy River Mine entitled "NI 43-101 Technical Report, Rainy River Mine, Ontario, Canada" dated effective December 31, 2024;

"RDSP" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

- 141?-

"Record Date" means December 17, 2025, being the record date for the purposes of determining those Shareholders entitled to receive notice of, and to vote virtually or in-person or by proxy at the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof;

"Registered Plans" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

"Registrar" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the BCBCA;

"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act;

"Regulations" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations";

"Regulatory Approvals" means those sanctions, rulings, consents, orders, exemptions, Authorizations and other approvals (including the lapse, without objections, of a prescribed period of time under a statute or regulation that states that a transaction may be implemented if a prescribed period of time lapses following the giving of notice without an objection being made) of any Governmental Entity required in relation to the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, including the CNA Approval, Competition Act Approval and ICA Approval;

"Representative" means, with respect to a Party, such Party's directors, officers, employees, counsel, financial advisors, accountants, agents, consultants and other authorized representatives and advisors;

"Resident Dissenter" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Dissenting Resident Holders";

"Resident Holder" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada";

"RESP" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

"Response to Petition" means an application response substantially in the form of Form 67 of the Supreme Court Civil Rules;

"Reviewable Transaction" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - ICA Approval";

"Revised New Gold RSUs" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Description of the Arrangement - Effect of the Arrangement on Holders of Incentive Awards - Treatment of New Gold RSUs";

"Rochester Technical Report" means the technical report summary prepared for the Rochester operations entitled "Rochester Operations, Nevada, Technical Report Summary" dated current as at December 31, 2021 and filed on February 16, 2022;

"RRIF" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

"RRSP" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

"SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

"SEC Clearance" means the earliest to occur of (a) the SEC informing Coeur that it has no remaining comments on, or will not review, the Coeur Proxy Statement; or (b) the passage of at least 10 calendar days (as calculated pursuant to Rule 14a-6 of the U.S. Exchange Act) since the filing of the preliminary Coeur Proxy Statement with the SEC not informing Coeur that it intends to review the Coeur Proxy Statement;

- 142?-

"Section 3(a)(10)" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Notice to Shareholders in the United States";

"Section 3(a)(10) Exemption" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Notice to Shareholders in the United States";

"Securities Act" means the Securities Act (Ontario) and the rules, regulations and published policies promulgated thereunder;

"Securities Laws" means, collectively, Canadian Securities Laws and U.S. Securities Laws;

"Securityholder" means the Shareholders and, as applicable, the holders of New Gold Options, New Gold PSUs, New Gold RSUs and New Gold DSUs;

"SEDAR+" means the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval Plus;

"Shareholder" means a holder of one or more New Gold Shares;

"SilverCrest" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"SilverCrest Financial Statements" means the consolidated historical financial statements of SilverCrest as at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, together with the related notes and the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent auditors, filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Coeur dated March 25, 2025;

"Special Committee" means the special committee of independent directors of the Board established in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement;

"Statutory Plans" means statutory benefit plans which New Gold or its Subsidiaries are required to participate in or comply with, including as applicable the Canada Pension Plan and plans administered pursuant to applicable health tax, workplace safety insurance and employment insurance legislation;

"Subsidiary" has the meaning given to it in National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions;

"Superior Proposal" means a Coeur Superior Proposal or a New Gold Superior Proposal, as the context requires;

"Supplementary Information Request" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Competition Act Approval";

"Support and Voting Agreements" means, collectively, the New Gold Support and Voting Agreements and the Coeur Support and Voting Agreements;

"Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

"Tax Proposals" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations";

"taxable capital gain" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Taxation of Capital Gains and Capital Losses";

- 143?-

"Taxes" includes any taxes, duties, fees, premiums, assessments, imposts, levies, expansion fees and other charges of any kind whatsoever imposed by any Governmental Entity, including all interest, penalties, fines, additions to tax or other additional amounts imposed by any Governmental Entity in respect thereof, and including, but not limited to, those levied on, or measured by, or referred to as, income, gross receipts, earnings, profits, mining, mineral, carbon, fuel, windfall, environmental, royalty, capital, capital stock, transfer, land transfer, disability, ad valorem, sales, net worth, goods and services, harmonized sales, use, value-added, excise, stamp, recording, withholding, global minimum or "Pillar 2", business, franchising, property, premium, development, occupation, occupancy, employer health, alternative or add-on minimum, payroll, employment, health, social services, education and social security taxes, all surtaxes, all customs duties and import and export taxes, countervail and anti-dumping, all license, franchise and registration fees and all employment insurance, health insurance and Canada Pension Plan and other pension plan premiums or contributions imposed by any Governmental Entity, any transferee or predecessor liability in respect of any of the foregoing, and any liability for any such amounts imposed with respect to any other person, including under any agreements or arrangements;

"TFSA" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain Canadian Federal Income Tax Considerations - Holders Resident in Canada - Eligibility for Investment by Registered Plans";

"TSX" means the Toronto Stock Exchange;

"U.S. Exchange Act" means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

"U.S. GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States;

"U.S. Holder" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations";

"U.S. Person" has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 902(k) of the U.S. Securities Act;

"U.S. Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

"U.S. Securities Laws" means the U.S. Exchange Act, the U.S. Securities Act and all other applicable U.S. federal securities Laws;

"U.S. Shareholders" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Issuance and Resale of Coeur Shares Issued to Shareholders as Consideration Under the Arrangement - United States";

"U.S. Tax Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

"U.S. Treasury Regulations" means the income tax regulations promulgated under the U.S. Tax Code, as such regulations may be amended from time to time;

"United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia;

"Value Determination Date" means the date that is three Business Days prior to the Effective Date;

"VAT" has the meaning given to it under the heading "Risk Factors - Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following Completion of the Arrangement";

"VWAP" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Background to the Arrangement";

"Waiver" has the meaning given to it under the heading "The Arrangement - Approvals Required for the Arrangement - Competition Act Approval"; and

"Wharf Technical Report" means the technical report summary prepared for the Wharf operations entitled "Wharf Operations, South Dakota, Technical Report Summary" dated current as at December 31, 2021 and filed on February 16, 2022.

- 144?-

Appendix A

Arrangement Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, AS A SPECIAL RESOLUTION, THAT:

(a) The arrangement (the "Arrangement") under Section 288 of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the "BCBCA"), involving Coeur Mining, Inc. (the "Parent"), New Gold Inc. (the "Company"), 1561611 B.C. Ltd. (the "Purchaser"), and Company Shareholders (as defined in the Arrangement Agreement), all as more particularly described and set forth in the notice of meeting and management information circular (the "Circular") of the Company dated December 19, 2025 accompanying the notice of the meeting (as the Arrangement may be modified, supplemented or amended in accordance with its terms), is hereby authorized, approved and adopted; (b) The plan of arrangement, as it may be or has been amended (the "Plan of Arrangement"), involving the Parent, the Purchaser, the Company and the Company Shareholders and implementing the Arrangement, the full text of which is set out in Appendix D to the Circular (as the Plan of Arrangement may be, or may have been, modified, supplemented or amended in accordance with its terms), is hereby authorized, approved and adopted; (c) The arrangement agreement among the Parent, the Company and the Purchaser dated as of November 2, 2025, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms (the "Arrangement Agreement") and all the transactions contemplated therein, the actions of the directors of the Company in approving the Arrangement and the actions of the directors and officers of the Company in executing and delivering the Arrangement Agreement and any modifications, supplements or amendments thereto in accordance with its terms are hereby confirmed, ratified and approved in all respects; (d) The Company is hereby authorized to apply for a final order from the Supreme Court of British Columbia (the "Court") to approve the Arrangement in accordance with and subject to the terms set forth in the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement (as they may be, or may have been, modified, supplemented or amended from time to time in accordance with their terms); (e) Notwithstanding that this resolution has been passed (and the Plan of Arrangement adopted) by the Company Shareholders or that the Arrangement has been approved by the Court, the directors of the Company are hereby authorized and empowered, at their discretion, without further notice to, or approval of, the Company Shareholders: (i) to modify, supplement or amend the Arrangement Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement to the extent permitted by the Arrangement Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement; or (ii) subject to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, not to proceed with the Arrangement;

A-1

(f) Any one or more directors or officers of the Company is hereby authorized, for and on behalf and in the name of the Company, to execute and deliver, whether under corporate seal of the Company or not, all such agreements, forms waivers, notices, certificate, confirmations and other documents and instruments and to do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as in the opinion of such director or officer may be necessary, desirable or useful for the purpose of giving effect to these resolutions, the Arrangement Agreement and the completion of the Plan of Arrangement in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, including: (i) all actions required to be taken by or on behalf of the Company, and all necessary filings and obtaining the necessary approvals, consents and acceptances of appropriate regulatory authorities; and (ii) the signing of the certificates, consents and other documents or declarations required under the Arrangement Agreement or otherwise to be entered into by the Company;

such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the execution and delivery of such document, agreement or instrument or the doing of any such act or thing.

A-2

Appendix B

Interim Order

See attached.

B-1

Appendix C

Petition and Notice of Hearing of Petition for the Final Order

See attached.

C-1

Appendix D

Plan of Arrangement

PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT

UNDER SECTION 288 OF THE

BUSINESS CORPORATIONS ACT (BRITISH COLUMBIA)

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

In this Plan of Arrangement, unless the context otherwise requires:

"5-Day VWAP" means, in respect of the Company Shares, the volume weighted average share price of the Company Shares on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) for the five trading days ending on the trading date immediately preceding the Value Determination Date, calculated by dividing the total Canadian dollar value of the Company Shares traded in such five trading day period on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) by the total number of such shares traded on the TSX (during continuous trading hours) for such five-day trading period;

"Accelerated RSUs" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.3(c)(i);

"Arrangement" means the arrangement of Company under Part 9, Division 5 of the BCBCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this Plan of Arrangement, subject to any amendments or variations thereto made in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement, this Plan of Arrangement, or made at the direction of the Court in the Final Order (with the prior written consent of both Company and Parent, each acting reasonably);

"Arrangement Agreement" means the arrangement agreement dated November 2, 2025 among Parent, Purchaser and Company to which this Plan of Arrangement is attached as Schedule A, including all schedules annexed thereto, together with the Company Disclosure Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof;

"Arrangement Resolution" means the special resolution of the Company Shareholders approving the Plan of Arrangement, which is to be considered and, if thought fit, passed at the Company Meeting, substantially in the form and content of Schedule B to the Arrangement Agreement;

"Authorization" means, with respect to any Person, any authorization, order, permit, approval, grant, agreement, licence, classification, restriction, registration, consent, order, right, notification, condition, franchise, privilege, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction or decision having the force of Law, of, from or required by any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over such Person;

"BCBCA" means the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia);

"business day" means any day, other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a statutory or civic holiday in Mexico City, Mexico, New York, New York, Toronto, Ontario or Vancouver, British Columbia;

"Cash Out Value" for a Company Option means an amount, which amount cannot be less than zero, equal to (a) the product of (i) the number of Company Shares for which such Company Option may be exercised and (ii) the 5-Day VWAP of the Company Shares, minus (b) the exercise price of such Company Option.

"Company" means New Gold Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia;

D-1

"Company DSU Plan" means the deferred share unit plan of Company effective May 6, 2010, as amended;

"Company DSUs" means the outstanding deferred share units granted under the Company DSU Plan;

"Company Equity Incentive Plans" means, collectively, the Company Option Plan, the Company LTIP and the Company DSU Plan;

"Company Incentive Awards" means, collectively, the Company DSUs, Company RSUs, Company Options and Company PSUs;

"Company LTIP" means the long term incentive plan of Company effective February 19, 2025, as amended;

"Company Meeting" means the special meeting of Company Shareholders, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, to be called and held in accordance with the Interim Order to consider the Arrangement Resolution and for any other purpose as may be set out in the Company Circular and agreed to in writing by Parent;

"Company Optionholder" means a holder of Company Options;

"Company Option Plan" means the stock option plan of Company effective May 4, 2011, as amended;

"Company Options" means the outstanding options to purchase Company Shares granted under the Company Option Plan;

"Company PSUs" means the outstanding performance share units granted under the Company LTIP;

"Company RSUs" means the outstanding restricted share units granted under the Company LTIP;

"Company Shareholders" means the registered and/or beneficial holders of Company Shares, as the context requires;

"Company Shares" means the common shares in the capital of the Company;

"Consideration" means the consideration to be received by the Company Shareholders (other than Dissenting Shareholders) pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement for their Company Shares, consisting of the Exchange Ratio of a Parent Share for each Company Share;

"Consideration Shares" means the Parent Shares to be issued to the Company Shareholders pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement;

"Continuing Employees" means Company Employees that are employed by the Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries immediately following the Effective Time;

"Court" means the Supreme Court of British Columbia;

"Depositary" means Computershare Investor Services Inc., or such other Person as Parent and Company may appoint (acting reasonably) to act as depositary in respect of the Arrangement;

"Dissent Rights" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 4.1(a);

"Dissent Shares" means the Company Shares held by a Dissenting Shareholder in respect of which the Dissenting Shareholder has properly and validly exercised Dissent Rights;

"Dissenting Shareholder" means a registered Company Shareholder as of the record date of the Company Meeting who has properly and validly dissented in respect of the Arrangement Resolution in strict compliance with the Dissent Rights, who has not withdrawn or been deemed to have withdrawn such exercise of Dissent Rights and who is ultimately determined to be entitled to be paid the fair value of its Company Shares, but only in respect of the Dissent Shares;

D-2

"DRS Advice" has the meaning specified in Section 3.1;

"Effective Date" means the date upon which the Arrangement becomes effective in accordance with Section 2.11(a) of the Arrangement Agreement;

"Effective Time" means 12:01 a.m. on the Effective Date or such other time as Parent and Company agree to in writing before the Effective Date;

"Exchange Ratio" means 0.4959;

"Final Order" means the final order of the Court contemplated by Section 2.7 of the Arrangement Agreement made pursuant to Section 291 of the BCBCA, in a form and substance acceptable to Company and Parent, each acting reasonably, approving the Arrangement, including as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of both Company and Parent, each acting reasonably) at any time prior to the Effective Date or, if appealed, then, unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed or as amended (provided that any such amendment is acceptable to both Company and Parent, each acting reasonably) on appeal;

"Governmental Entity" means: (a) any international, federal, provincial, territorial, state, regional, municipal, local or other government, governmental or public department, central bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body, international arbitration institution, commission, board, ministry bureau, agency or entity, domestic or foreign; (b) any stock exchange, including the TSX, the NYSE and the NYSE American; (c) any subdivision, agent, commission, board or authority of any of the foregoing; or (d) any quasi-governmental or private body or self-regulatory organization exercising any regulatory, expropriation or taxing authority under or for the account of any of the foregoing;

"including" means including without limitation, and "include" and "includes" have a corresponding meaning;

"Interim Order" means the interim order of the Court made pursuant to Section 291 of the BCBCA following the application therefor submitted to the Court after being informed of the intention to rely upon the exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect to the Consideration Shares issued pursuant to the Arrangement as contemplated by Section 2.3 of the Arrangement Agreement, in a form and in substance acceptable to Company and Parent, each acting reasonably, providing for, among other things, the calling and holding of the Company Meeting, including as such order may be amended, supplemented, modified or varied by the Court (with the consent of Company and Parent, each acting reasonably);

"Law" or "Laws" means all laws (including common law), by-laws, statutes, rules, regulations, principles of law and equity, orders, rulings, ordinances, judgements, injunctions, determinations, awards, decrees or other requirements, whether domestic or foreign, that are binding upon or applicable to such Person or its business, and the terms and conditions of any Authorization of or from any Governmental Entity, and, for greater certainty, includes Securities Laws and applicable common law, and the term "applicable" with respect to such Laws and in a context that refers to a Party, means such Laws as are applicable to such Party and/or its Subsidiaries or their business, undertaking, property or securities and emanate from a Person having jurisdiction over the Party and/or its Subsidiaries or its or their business, undertaking, property or securities;

"Letter of Transmittal" means the letter of transmittal to be delivered to registered Company Shareholders for use in connection with the Arrangement;

"Liens" means any hypothecs, mortgages, pledges, assignments, liens, charges, security interests, encumbrances and adverse rights or claims or other third party interests or encumbrances of any kind, whether contingent or absolute, and any agreement, option, lease, sublease, restriction, easement, right-of-way, right or privilege (whether by Law, contract or otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing;

D-3

"Non-Continuing Employees" means Company Employees whose employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated by the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, without cause, at or immediately prior to the Effective Time;

"Notice of Dissent" means a written notice provided by a Company Shareholder that is a registered holder of Company Shares to the Company setting forth such Company Shareholder's objection to the Arrangement Resolution and exercise of Dissent Rights;

"NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange;

"NYSE American" means the NYSE American Stock Exchange;

"Parent" means Coeur Mining, Inc., a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware;

"Parent Shares" means the common stock in the capital of Parent;

"Parties" means, together, Parent, Purchaser and Company, and "Party" means any one of them as the context requires;

"Person" includes an individual, partnership, association, body corporate, trustee, executor, administrator, legal representative, government (including any Governmental Entity) or any other entity, whether or not having legal status;

"Plan of Arrangement" means this plan of arrangement and any amendments or variations hereto made in accordance with the Arrangement Agreement and this plan of arrangement or upon the direction of the Court in the Final Order with the prior written consent of Company and Parent, each acting reasonably, and references to "Article" or "Section" mean the specified Article or Section of this Plan of Arrangement;

"Purchaser" means 1561611 B.C. Ltd., a company existing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada;

"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed thereto in section 1.1 of NI 45-106;

"Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act (Canada);

"TSX" means the Toronto Stock Exchange;

"U.S. Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933;

"U.S. Tax Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and

"Value Determination Date" means the date that is three business days prior to the Effective Date.

1.2 Interpretation Not Affected by Headings

The division of this Plan of Arrangement into Articles and Sections and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Plan of Arrangement. Unless the contrary intention appears, references in this Plan of Arrangement to an Article, Section or Step by number or letter or both refer to the Article, Section or Step, respectively, bearing that designation in this Plan of Arrangement.

1.3 Number and Gender

In this Plan of Arrangement, unless the contrary intention appears, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa, and words importing gender include all genders.

D-4

1.4 Calculation of Time

Unless otherwise specified, time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period commences and including the day on which the period ends. Where the last day of any such time period is not a business day, such time period shall be extended to the next business day following the day on which it would otherwise end.

1.5 Date for Any Action

If the date on which any action is required to be taken hereunder by a Party is not a business day, such action shall be required to be taken on the next succeeding day which is a business day.

1.6 Currency

Unless otherwise stated, all references in this Plan of Arrangement to sums of money are expressed in lawful money of the United States and "$" refers to U.S. dollars.

1.7 No Strict Construction

The language used in this Plan of Arrangement is the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any Party.

1.8 Statutory References

A reference to a statute, rule, regulation or other statutory instrument or subordinate legislation (including any particular provision thereof) shall be construed to refer to such statute, rule, regulation or other instrument or legislation (or provision thereof) and to all rules, regulations, instruments or legislation made thereunder, if any, in each case as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented, re-enacted or replaced, in whole or in part.

1.9 Governing Law

This Plan of Arrangement shall be governed, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein.

1.10 Time

Time is of the essence in the performance of the Parties' respective obligations hereunder.

1.11 Time References

In this Plan of Arrangement, unless otherwise specified, any references to time are to local time, Vancouver, British Columbia.

1.12 Other Definitions

Capitalized terms that are used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Arrangement Agreement.

ARTICLE 2

THE ARRANGEMENT

2.1 Arrangement Agreement

This Plan of Arrangement is made pursuant to, and is subject to the provisions of, the Arrangement Agreement, except in respect of the sequence of the steps comprising the Arrangement, which shall occur in the order set out in this Plan of Arrangement.

D-5

2.2 Effectiveness

This Plan of Arrangement will become effective at the Effective Time (except as otherwise provided herein) and will be binding from and after the Effective Time on Parent, Purchaser, Company, the Depositary, the Company Shareholders, including the Dissenting Shareholders, and the holders of Company Incentive Awards, in each case, without any further authorization, act or formality on the part of any Person, except as expressly provided herein.

2.3 The Arrangement

The following steps shall occur and shall be deemed to occur, commencing at the Effective Time, sequentially in the following order, with each such step after the first occurring five minutes after the preceding step (except where otherwise indicated), and without any further authorization, act or formality on the part of any Person:

Incentive Securities

(a) Company DSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company DSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the Company DSU Plan governing such Company DSU) each Company DSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any Person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from the Company to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Company DSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). The Company will pay to the holders of Company DSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company DSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company DSUs. (b) Company PSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company PSU might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the Company LTIP governing such Company PSU) each Company PSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any Person, be terminated in exchange for a cash payment from the Company to be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Company PSU Plan (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date) and this Plan of Arrangement. For the avoidance of doubt, (A) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending on or prior to the Value Determination Date for each Company PSU shall be determined based on the terms of the Company LTIP; and (B) the vesting multiplier applicable to all calculation periods ending after the Value Determination Date for each Company PSU shall be (i) 100%, in the case of Continuing Employees; or (ii) 150% in the case of Non-Continuing Employees. The Company will pay to the holders of Company PSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company PSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company PSUs.

D-6

(c) Company RSUs. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company RSUs might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the Company LTIP governing such Company RSU) each Company RSU (and all agreements relating thereto) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) shall, without any further action by any Person, be treated as follows: (i) Company RSUs held by Non-Continuing Employees ("Accelerated RSUs") will be fully vested pursuant to, and redeemed for cash in accordance with, the terms of the Company LTIP (except that the calculation of the amounts payable shall be determined as at the Value Determination Date). The Company will pay to the holders of such Accelerated RSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to them for their Accelerated RSUs in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company RSUs. (ii) Company RSUs held by Continuing Employees shall be amended by multiplying each such Company RSU by the Exchange Ratio, and thereafter, the holder thereof shall be entitled to the number of Company RSUs as is equal to the product of such amendment (the "Revised Company RSUs"); (ii) upon the vesting of such Revised Company RSUs following the Effective Time, each such Revised Company RSU shall entitle the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash, in accordance with the terms of the Company LTIP, with reference to the trading price of the Parent Shares rather than the Company Shares; and (iii) such Revised Company RSUs shall remain outstanding and governed by the terms of the Company LTIP and any document evidencing the Company RSUs (subject to amendments as contemplated in this Section). (d) Company Options. Notwithstanding any vesting or exercise or other provisions to which a Company Option might otherwise be subject (whether by contract, the conditions of grant, applicable Law or the terms of the applicable Company Option Plan governing such Company Option), each Company Option shall, without any further action by or on behalf of a holder, be deemed to be fully vested and shall be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof, free and clear of any Liens, to the Company, and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount equal to the Cash Out Value for such Company Option (less any applicable withholding in accordance with Section 3.7) determined as at the Value Determination Date, whereupon the name of the holder of such Company Option shall be removed from the register of Company Options maintained by the Company, and the Company Option Plan and each Company Option shall immediately be cancelled and all agreements relating to the Company Options shall be terminated and shall be of no further force and effect. The Company will pay to the holders of Company Options, through the payroll systems of the Company, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company Options in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company Options.

Dissenting Shareholders

(e) Each Dissent Share shall be and shall be deemed to be transferred and assigned by the holder thereof without any further act or formality on its part, free and clear of all Liens, to Company in accordance with, and for the consideration contemplated in, Section 4.1, and: (i) such Dissenting Shareholder shall cease to be, and shall be deemed to cease to be, the registered holder of each such Dissent Share and the name of such registered holder shall be, and shall be deemed to be, removed from the central securities register of Company in respect of each such Dissent Share, and at such time each Dissenting Shareholder will have only the rights set out in Section 4.1;

D-7

(ii) such Dissenting Shareholder shall be deemed to have executed and delivered all consents, releases, assignments and waivers, statutory or otherwise, required to transfer and assign each such Dissent Share; and (iii) Company shall be the holder of all of the outstanding Dissent Shares, free and clear of all Liens, and the central securities register of Company shall be revised accordingly.

Transfer of Company Shares to Purchaser

(f) Each Company Shareholder, other than a Dissenting Shareholder, shall transfer and assign their Company Shares, free and clear of any Liens, to Purchaser in exchange for the Consideration for each such Company Share so transferred, and in respect of the Company Shares so transferred: (i) the registered holder thereof shall cease to be, and shall be deemed to cease to be, the registered holder of each such Company Share and the name of such registered holder shall be removed from the central securities register of Company; (ii) the registered holder thereof shall be deemed to have executed and delivered all consents, releases, assignments and waivers, statutory or otherwise, required to transfer and assign each such Company Share; and (iii) Purchaser shall be the holder of all of the outstanding Company Shares, free and clear of all Liens, and the central securities register of Company shall be revised accordingly.

ARTICLE 3

DELIVERY OF CONSIDERATION

3.1 Deposit and Payment of Consideration (a) Following receipt of the Final Order and in any event no later than the business day prior to the Effective Date, Parent shall deposit in escrow, or cause to be deposited in escrow, with the Depositary, sufficient Parent Shares to satisfy the aggregate Consideration payable to the Company Shareholders in accordance with Section 2.3, which shall be held by the Depositary in escrow as agent and nominee for such former Company Shareholders for distribution to such former Company Shareholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 3. The Company will pay to the holders of Company Options, Company PSUs, Accelerated RSUs and Company DSUs, through the payroll systems of the Company with respect to any holders who are employees or former employees, all amounts required to be paid to the holders of Company Options, Company PSUs, Accelerated RSUs and Company DSUs, in accordance with the Plan of Arrangement, less any Tax withholding required under applicable Law or in accordance with Section 3.7, in respect of such Company Options, Company PSUs, Accelerated RSUs and Company DSUs. (b) Upon surrender to the Depositary for cancellation of a certificate or a direct registration statement (DRS) advice (a "DRS Advice") which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more Company Shares that were transferred under the Arrangement, together with a duly completed and executed Letter of Transmittal and such other documents and instruments as the Depositary or Parent may reasonably require, the registered holder of the Company Shares represented by such surrendered certificate or DRS Advice shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, and the Depositary shall deliver to such holder (in each case less any amounts withheld pursuant to Section 3.7 (if any)), the Consideration that such holder has the right to receive, and the certificate or DRS Advice so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled.

D-8

(c) In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Shares which was not registered in the transfer records of Company, the Consideration to which the registered holder has the right to receive, subject to Section 2.3, shall be delivered to the transferee if the certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented Company Shares that were exchanged for the Consideration under the Arrangement is presented to the Depositary, accompanied by all documents reasonably required to evidence and effect such transfer. (d) After the Effective Time and until surrendered for cancellation as contemplated by Section 3.1(b), each certificate or DRS Advice that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented one or more Company Shares, other than the Dissent Shares, shall be deemed at all times to represent only the right to receive in exchange therefor the Consideration that the holder of such certificate or DRS Advice is entitled to receive in accordance with Section 2.3, less any amounts withheld pursuant to Section 3.7 (if any). 3.2 Distributions with Respect to Unsurrendered Certificates

No dividends or other distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to Consideration Shares with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Company Shares that were exchanged for Consideration Shares pursuant to Section 2.3(f) unless and until the holder of such certificate or DRS Advice shall surrender such certificate or DRS Advice in accordance with Section 3.1. Subject to applicable law and Section 3.7 hereof, at the time of such surrender of any such certificate or DRS advice (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, at the appropriate payment date), there shall be paid to the holder of the certificates or DRS Advices representing Company Shares that were exchanged for Consideration Shares pursuant to Section 2.3(f), without interest, (i) the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to the Consideration Shares to which such holder is entitled pursuant hereto, and (ii) to the extent not paid under clause (i), on the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to surrender and the payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect to such Consideration Shares.

3.3 Deemed Fully Paid and Non-Assessable Shares

All Consideration Shares issued pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement shall be deemed to be validly issued and outstanding as fully paid and non-assessable shares.

3.4 No Fractional Shares

No fractional Consideration Shares shall be issued upon the exchange of Company Shares pursuant to Sections 2.3(f) and 3.1. Where the aggregate number of Parent Shares to be issued to a Company Shareholder pursuant to Sections 2.3(f) and 3.1 as consideration under the Arrangement would result in a fractional Consideration Share being issuable, such fractional Consideration Share shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Parent Share in the event that a Company Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing 0.5 or more of a Parent Share and shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Parent Share in the event that a Company Shareholder is entitled to a fractional share representing less than 0.5 of a Parent Share.

D-9

3.5 Lost Certificates

In the event that any certificate which, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented one or more outstanding Company Shares, which were exchanged in accordance with Section 2.3(f) shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Depositary shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the aggregate Consideration which such holder is entitled to receive in accordance with this Plan of Arrangement. When authorizing such delivery of the aggregate Consideration which such holder is entitled to receive in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the holder to whom the Consideration is to be delivered shall, as a condition precedent to the delivery of such Consideration, give a bond satisfactory to Parent and the Depositary in such amount as Parent and the Depositary may direct (each acting reasonably), or otherwise indemnify Parent and the Depositary and/or any of their respective representatives or agents in a manner satisfactory to Parent and the Depositary (each acting reasonably), against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Company or the Depositary and/or any of their respective representatives or agents with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

3.6 Extinction of Rights

Any certificate or DRS Advice which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Company Shares that were exchanged pursuant to Section 2.3(f) that is not deposited with all other instruments required by Section 3.1 on or prior to the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date shall cease to represent a claim or interest of any kind or nature as a securityholder of Company or Purchaser, as applicable. On such date, the Consideration Shares, as applicable, to which the former registered holder of the certificate or DRS Advice referred to in the preceding sentence was ultimately entitled shall be deemed to have been surrendered for no consideration to Purchaser (or its successor(s)). None of Parent, Purchaser, Company or the Depositary shall be liable to any Person in respect of any Consideration Shares (or dividends, distributions and interest in respect thereof) delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

3.7 Withholding Rights; Tax Consequences

The Parent, the Company, the Depositary, their respective Subsidiaries and any other Person on their behalf, shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts payable to any Person pursuant to the Arrangement and under this Plan of Arrangement, including amounts distributed to any former Company Shareholder or former holders of Company Incentive Awards, such amounts as the Parent, the Company, the Depositary and their respective Subsidiaries, or any Person on behalf of any of the foregoing, is or may be required or permitted to deduct or withhold with respect to such payment under the Tax Act, the U.S. Tax Code, or any provision of local, state, federal, provincial or foreign Law, in each case, as amended, or under the administrative practice of the relevant Governmental Entity administering such Law, and to request from any recipient of any payment hereunder any necessary tax forms or any other proof of exemption from withholding or any similar information. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes hereof as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. Any Person that deducts or withholds any amount pursuant to this Section 3.7 shall remit such deducted or withheld amounts to the applicable Governmental Entity. In any case where the amount so required or permitted to be deducted or withheld from any payment to a holder exceeds the cash portion of the consideration otherwise payable, the Parent, the Company, the Depositary, their respective Subsidiaries, and any Person on behalf of the foregoing, as the case may be, is authorized to sell or otherwise dispose of such portion of the Consideration as is necessary in order to fully fund such liability, and such Person shall remit any unapplied balance of the net proceeds of such sale to the holder.

3.8 Transfer Free and Clear

For greater certainty, any transfer or exchange of securities pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement shall be free and clear of any Liens or other claims of third parties of any kind.

3.9 Interest

Under no circumstances shall interest accrue or be paid by the Company, Parent, Purchaser, the Depositary or any other Person to any Company Shareholder or other Persons depositing certificates or DRS Advices pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement in respect of the Company Shares immediately existing prior to the Effective Time.

D-10

ARTICLE 4

RIGHTS OF DISSENT

4.1 Dissent Rights (a) Pursuant to the Interim Order, Company Shareholders who are registered holders of Company Shares as of the record date of the Company Meeting may exercise rights to dissent in connection with the Arrangement under Division 2 of Part 8 of the BCBCA, as modified by this Article 4, the Interim Order and the Final Order ("Dissent Rights"), with respect to all (but not less than all) of the Company Shares held by such Company Shareholder, provided that the Notice of Dissent contemplated by Section 242 of the BCBCA, as may be modified by the Interim Order, must be received by Company by 4:00 p.m. on the date that is at least two business days prior to the date of the Company Meeting, or any date to which the Company Meeting may be postponed or adjourned, and provided further that each Dissenting Shareholder who: (i) is ultimately entitled to be paid the fair value of their Dissent Shares by the Company: (A) will be entitled to be paid the fair value of such Dissent Shares by the Company, which fair value, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the BCBCA, shall be the fair value of such Dissent Shares determined as of the close of business on the day immediately before the approval of the Arrangement Resolution; (B) shall be deemed not to have participated in the transactions in Article 2 (other than Section 2.3(e), if applicable); (C) shall be deemed to have transferred and assigned such Dissent Shares, free and clear of any Liens, to Company in accordance with Section 2.3(e); and (D) will not be entitled to any other payment or consideration, including any payment that would be payable under the Arrangement had such holder not exercised their Dissent Rights in respect of such Company Shares; or (ii) is ultimately not entitled, for any reason, to be paid fair value for such holder's Company Shares, shall be deemed to have participated in the Arrangement, as of the Effective Time, on the same basis as a non-dissenting registered holder of Company Shares, and shall be entitled to receive only the Consideration pursuant to Section 2.3(f) that such holder would have received pursuant to the Arrangement if such holder had not exercised Dissent Rights. (b) In no circumstances shall Parent, Purchaser, the Company or any other Person be required to recognize a Person exercising Dissent Rights unless such Person is the registered holder of those Company Shares in respect of which such rights are sought to be exercised as of the record date of the Company Meeting. (c) In no case shall Parent, Purchaser, Company or any other Person be required to recognize Dissenting Shareholders as holders of Company Shares after the time that is immediately prior to the Effective Time, and the names of the Dissenting Shareholders shall be deleted from the central securities register as holders of the Company at the time at which the step in Section 2.3(f) occurs. (d) For greater certainty, in addition to any other restrictions set forth in the Interim Order and under Section 238 of the BCBCA, none of the following shall be entitled to exercise Dissent Rights: (i) a holder of any Company Incentive Awards in respect of such holder's Company Incentive Awards; (ii) Company Shareholders who vote or have instructed a proxyholder to vote such Company Shares in favour of the Arrangement Resolution; and any other Person who is not a registered Company Shareholder as of the record date for the Company Meeting.

D-11

ARTICLE 5

GENERAL

5.1 Paramountcy

From and after the Effective Time (a) this Plan of Arrangement shall take precedence and priority over any and all rights related to the Company Shares and the Company Incentive Awards issued prior to the Effective Time, (b) the rights and obligations of the holders of Company Shares, the holders of Company Incentive Awards, the Parties, the Depositary and any trustee or transfer agent therefor in relation thereto, and any other Person having any right, title or interest in or to Company Shares and Company Incentive Awards, shall be solely as provided for in this Plan of Arrangement, and (c) all actions, causes of action, claims or proceedings (actual or contingent and whether or not previously asserted) based on or in any way relating to any securities of the Company subject to this Plan of Arrangement shall be deemed to have been settled, compromised, released and determined without liability except as set forth herein.

5.2 Amendment (a) Parent and the Company reserve the right to amend, modify or supplement this Plan of Arrangement at any time and from time to time prior to the Effective Time, provided that each such amendment, modification or supplement must be (i) agreed to in writing by the Company and Parent, (ii) filed with the Court and, if made following the Company Meeting, approved by the Court, and (iii) communicated to Company Shareholders and the holders of Company Incentive Awards if and as required by the Court. (b) Subject to the provisions of the Interim Order, any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement may be proposed by Parent and the Company at any time prior to the Company Meeting (provided, however, that the Company and Parent shall have consented thereto in writing), with or without any other prior notice or communication, and, if so proposed and accepted by the Persons voting at the Company Meeting (other than as may be required under the Interim Order), shall become part of this Plan of Arrangement for all purposes. (c) Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement that is approved or directed by the Court following the Company Meeting shall be effective only if: (i) it is consented to in writing by each of Parent and the Company (each acting reasonably); and (ii) if required by the Court, it is consented to by the Company Shareholders voting in the manner directed by the Court. (d) Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement may be made by the Company and Parent without the approval of or communication to the Court or the Company Shareholders, provided that it concerns a matter which, in the reasonable opinion of the Company and Parent, is of an administrative or ministerial nature required to better give effect to the implementation of this Plan of Arrangement and is not adverse to the financial or economic interests of any of the Company Shareholders or holders of Company Incentive Awards. (e) This Plan of Arrangement may be withdrawn prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Arrangement Agreement. 5.3 Further Assurances

Notwithstanding that the transactions and events set out in this Plan of Arrangement shall occur and be deemed to have occurred in the order set out herein, without any further act or formality, each of the Parties shall make, do and execute, or cause to be made, done and executed, all such further acts, deeds, agreements, transfers, assurances, instruments or documents as may reasonably be required by any of them in order to implement this Plan of Arrangement and to further document or evidence any of the transactions or events set out herein.

D-12

ARTICLE 6

U.S. SECURITIES LAW EXEMPTION

6.1 U.S. Securities Law Exemption

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Company and Parent each agree that this Plan of Arrangement will be carried out with the intention that, and they will use their commercially reasonable best efforts to ensure that all Consideration Shares issued under the Arrangement by Parent pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement, whether in the United States, Canada or any other country, be issued or granted, as the case may be, in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act, as provided by Section 3(a)(10) thereof and pursuant to exemptions from registration under any applicable state securities Laws, and pursuant to the terms, conditions and procedures set forth in the Arrangement Agreement.

D-13

Appendix E

Fairness Opinion of CIBC World Markets Inc.

See attached.

E-1

CIBC World Markets Inc. 
161 Bay Street, 6th Floor 
Toronto, Ontario M5J 2S8 


November 2, 2025

The Special Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Special Committee")

of New Gold Inc.

181 Bay St. #3320

Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3

To the Special Committee:

CIBC World Markets Inc. ("CIBC", "we", "us" or "our") understands that New Gold Inc. ("New Gold" or the "Company") and Coeur Mining, Inc. ("Coeur") intend to enter into an arrangement agreement (the "Arrangement Agreement") pursuant to which, among other things, Coeur will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company (each a "New Gold Share" and collectively, the "New Gold Shares") in exchange for consideration of 0.4959 newly-issued shares of common stock of Coeur (the "Coeur Shares" or the "Consideration") for each New Gold Share outstanding (such transaction as a whole being defined herein as the "Proposed Transaction").

We further understand that pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement:

a) the Proposed Transaction will be effected by way of a plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia); b) the completion of the Proposed Transaction will be conditional upon, among other things: i) approval by at least (1) 66 2/3% of the votes cast by the shareholders of New Gold (each a "New Gold Shareholder" and collectively, the "New Gold Shareholders") who are present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the special meeting (the "New Gold Special Meeting") of such shareholders to be held to consider the Proposed Transaction, and (2) to the extent required by Multilateral Instrument 61-101 ("MI 61-101"), a simple majority of the votes cast by New Gold Shareholders who are present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the New Gold Special Meeting, excluding votes from certain shareholders required to be excluded in accordance with MI 61-101; ii) approval by a simple majority of the votes cast by the stockholders of Coeur (the "Coeur Stockholders") who are present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the special meeting of such stockholders to be held to consider the issuance of the Consideration pursuant to the Proposed Transaction; iii) approval by the Supreme Court of British Columbia; and c) the terms and conditions of the Proposed Transaction will be described in a management information circular of the Company (the "Circular") that will be mailed to New Gold Shareholders in connection with the New Gold Special Meeting.

Engagement of CIBC

CIBC was initially contacted regarding its possible engagement by the Special Committee on September 25, 2025. By letter agreement dated October 14, 2025 (the "Engagement Agreement"), the Special Committee retained CIBC to act as financial advisor in connection with the Proposed Transaction. Pursuant to the Engagement Agreement, the Special Committee has requested that we prepare and deliver to the Special Committee our written opinion (the "Opinion") as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Consideration to be received by New Gold Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement.

E-2

CIBC will be paid a fixed fee for rendering the Opinion, whether or not the Proposed Transaction or any alternative transaction is completed. The Company has also agreed to reimburse CIBC for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify CIBC in respect of certain liabilities that might arise out of our engagement.

Credentials of CIBC

CIBC is one of Canada's largest investment banking firms with operations in all facets of corporate and government finance, mergers and acquisitions, equity and fixed income sales and trading and investment research. The Opinion expressed herein is the opinion of CIBC and the form and content herein have been approved for release by a committee of its managing directors and internal counsel, each of whom is experienced in merger, acquisition, divestiture, and valuation matters. The Opinion has been prepared in accordance with the Investment Dealer and Partially Consolidated Rules of Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization ("CIRO"), but CIRO has not been involved in the preparation or review of the Opinion.

Relationships with the Interested Parties to the Proposed Transaction

Neither CIBC, nor any of our affiliates, is an insider, associate or affiliate (as those terms are defined in the Securities Act (British Columbia) or the rules made thereunder) of the Company, Coeur, or any of their respective associates or affiliates (collectively, the "Interested Parties").

Within the past two years, in the ordinary course of business and unrelated to the Proposed Transaction, (i) CIBC participated in New Gold's US$400mm revolving credit facility, (ii) in April 2025, CIBC acted as Financial Advisor to New Gold on the acquisition of the remaining 19.9% free cash flow interest in the Company's New Afton mine from Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, (iii) CIBC has extended New Gold credit for its gold prepayment financing in connection with the previously mentioned transaction, (iv) in March 2025, CIBC participated in New Gold's issuance of US$400mm of 6.875% 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes, (v) in May 2024, CIBC acted as Financial Advisor to the Company on the acquisition of a 22.6% free cash flow interest in the New Afton mine, and (vi) CIBC acted as Lead Bookrunner in New Gold's issuance of US$173mm of common shares in connection with the previously mentioned transaction. The fees payable to CIBC and its affiliates in connection with the foregoing are not financially material to CIBC and its affiliates.

CIBC has not been engaged by Coeur to provide any financial advisory, investment banking, or lending services within the last two years.

Apart from any potential renewal of the arrangements referred to in the above paragraphs, there are no understandings, agreements or commitments between CIBC and any of the Interested Parties with respect to future business dealings. CIBC may, in the future, in the ordinary course of business and unrelated to the Proposed Transaction, provide financial advisory, investment banking, lending, or other financial services to one or more of the Interested Parties from time to time, for which CIBC or its affiliates may receive compensation.

In the ordinary course of its business and unrelated to the Proposed Transaction, CIBC and certain of our affiliates act as traders and dealers, both as principal and agent, in major financial markets and, as such, may have had and may in the future have positions in the securities of one or more of the parties to the Proposed Transaction and, from time to time, may have executed transactions on behalf of one or more of the parties to the Proposed Transaction for which CIBC or such affiliates received or may receive compensation. As investment dealers, CIBC and certain of our affiliates conduct research on securities and may, in the ordinary course of business and unrelated to the Proposed Transaction, provide research reports and investment advice to clients on investment matters, including with respect to one or more of the parties to the Proposed Transaction.

E-3

Scope of Review

In connection with rendering our Opinion, we have reviewed and relied upon, among other things, the following:

i) a draft of the Arrangement Agreement, dated November 1, 2025, and the schedules thereto; ii) a draft of the Plan of Arrangement dated October 31, 2025; iii) a draft of the Proposed Transaction announcement press release received on October 27, 2025; iv) the audited financial statements, annual reports, and management's discussion and analysis of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024; v) the audited financial statements, annual reports, and management's discussion and analysis of Coeur for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024; vi) the interim unaudited financial statements, and management's discussion and analysis of the Company for the three, six and nine months ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025; vii) the interim unaudited financial statements, and management's discussion and analysis of Coeur for the three, six and nine months ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025; viii) certain internal financial, operational, corporate and other information concerning the Company that was prepared or provided by the management of the Company, including internal operating and financial projections; ix) certain internal financial, operational, corporate and other information concerning Coeur that was prepared or provided by the management of Coeur, including internal operating and financial projections; x) trading statistics and selected financial information of the Company, Coeur and other selected public companies considered by us to be relevant; xi) various reports published by equity research analysts and industry sources regarding the Company and Coeur, the precious metals industry and other public companies, to the extent deemed relevant by us; xii) a certificate addressed to us, dated as of the date hereof, from two senior officers of the Company as to the completeness and accuracy of the Information (as defined below); and xiii) such other information, analyses, investigations, and discussions as we considered necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.

In addition, we have participated in discussions with members of the senior management of the Company regarding its past and current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of both the Company and Coeur, and with external legal counsel of the Company and the Special Committee regarding the terms and conditions of the Proposed Transaction, the Arrangement Agreement and related matters.

E-4

Prior Valuations

Among other things, the Company has represented to CIBC in a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company dated the date hereof (the "Officers' Certificate") that, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief after due inquiry of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, there are no independent appraisals or valuations or material non-independent appraisals or valuations relating to the Company or any of its affiliates or any of their respective material assets or liabilities which have been prepared as of a date within the two years preceding the date hereof and which have not been provided to CIBC.

Assumptions and Limitations

Our Opinion is subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth below.

We have not been asked to prepare and have not prepared a formal valuation or appraisal of any of the assets or securities of the Company, Coeur or any of their respective affiliates and our Opinion should not be construed as such, nor have we been requested to identify, solicit, consider or develop any potential alternatives to the Proposed Transaction.

With your permission, we have relied upon, and have assumed the completeness, accuracy and fair presentation of all financial and other information, data, advice, opinions and representations obtained by us from public sources, or provided to us by the Company, Coeur or their respective affiliates or advisors or otherwise obtained by us pursuant to our engagement, and our Opinion is conditional upon such completeness, accuracy and fair presentation. We have not been requested to or attempted to verify independently the accuracy, completeness or fairness of presentation of any such information, data, advice, opinions and representations. We have not met separately with the independent auditors of the Company or Coeur in connection with preparing this Opinion and with your permission, we have assumed the accuracy and fair presentation of, and relied upon, the audited financial statements of both the Company and Coeur, and the reports of the auditors thereon, as well as the interim unaudited financial statements of the Company and Coeur.

With respect to the historical financial data, operating and financial forecasts and budgets provided to us concerning both New Gold and Coeur and relied upon in our financial analyses, we have assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the most reasonable assumptions, estimates and judgments of management of each of New Gold and Coeur, respectively, having regard to the business, plans, financial condition and prospects of each of New Gold and Coeur.

We have also assumed that all of the representations and warranties contained in the Arrangement Agreement are correct as at the date specified therein and that the Proposed Transaction will be completed substantially in accordance with its terms and all applicable laws and that the Circular will disclose all material facts relating to the Proposed Transaction and will satisfy all applicable legal requirements.

The Company has represented to us in the Officers' Certificate, among other things, that the information, data and other material (financial or otherwise) provided to us by or on behalf of the Company, including the written information and discussions concerning the Company referred to above under the heading "Scope of Review" (collectively, the "Information"), are complete and correct as at the date the Information was provided to us and that, since the date on which the Information was provided to us, there has been no material change, financial or otherwise, in the financial condition, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), business, operations or prospects of the Company or any of its affiliates and no material change has occurred in the Information or any part thereof which would have or which would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Opinion.

We are not legal, tax or accounting experts and we express no opinion concerning any legal, tax or accounting matters concerning the Proposed Transaction or the sufficiency of this letter for your purposes.

Our Opinion is rendered on the basis of securities markets, economic and general business and financial conditions prevailing as at the date hereof and the conditions and prospects, financial and otherwise, of each of New Gold and Coeur as they are reflected in the Information and as they were represented to us in our discussions with management of the Company and its affiliates and advisors. In our analyses and in connection with the preparation of our Opinion, we made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, markets and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of any party involved in the Proposed Transaction.

E-5

The Opinion is being provided to the Special Committee for its exclusive use only in considering the Proposed Transaction and may not be published, disclosed to any other person, relied upon by any other person, or used for any other purpose, without the prior written consent of CIBC, other than the inclusion of the Opinion in its entirety and a summary thereof (in a form reasonably acceptable to CIBC) in the Circular. Our Opinion is not intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation to the Special Committee as to whether they should recommend the approval of the Arrangement Agreement to New Gold's board of directors or a recommendation to any New Gold Shareholder as to how to vote or act at the New Gold Special Meeting or as an opinion concerning the trading price or value of any securities of New Gold or Coeur following the announcement or completion of the Proposed Transaction.

CIBC believes that its financial analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and the factors considered by it, without considering all factors and analyses together, could create a misleading view of the process underlying the Opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is complex and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description and any attempt to carry out such could lead to undue emphasis on any particular factor or analysis.

The Opinion is given as of the date hereof and, although we reserve the right to change or withdraw the Opinion if we learn that any of the Information that we relied upon in preparing the Opinion was inaccurate, incomplete or misleading in any material respect, we disclaim any obligation to change or withdraw the Opinion, to advise any person of any change that may come to our attention or to update the Opinion after the date of this Opinion.

Should this Opinion be executed in any other language, the English version of this Opinion shall be controlling in all respects and any other version is provided solely as a translation. In the event of any inconsistency between the versions, the English version of this Opinion shall prevail.

Description of New Gold

New Gold is a Canadian-focused intermediate mining company with a portfolio of two 100%-owned, core producing assets in Canada, being the New Afton mine and Rainy River mine. New Afton is an underground mine located 10 kilometres west of Kamloops, British Columbia, producing gold, copper, and silver. New Afton has a current reserve life out to 2031, with the Company seeing potential to extend the mine life based on key exploration opportunities, including at the K-Zone where a maiden resource is expected to be released in early 2026 and will support the advancement of a feasibility study for K-Zone later in 2026. New Afton's 2025 production guidance consists of 60 - 70 thousand ounces ("koz") of gold and 50 - 60 million pounds ("mlbs") of copper. Rainy River is an open-pit and underground mine located 50 kilometres northwest of Fort Frances, Ontario, producing gold and silver. Rainy River has a current reserve life out to 2033, with 2025 production guidance of 265 - 295 koz of gold. New Gold's consolidated 2025 production guidance consists of 325 - 365 koz of gold and 50 - 60 mlbs of copper.

As of market close on October 31, 2025, New Gold had a market capitalization of approximately US$5.9 billion. New Gold is listed on the NYSE American and the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX"). New Gold is incorporated in British Columbia, with its head office located in Toronto, Ontario.

E-6

Description of Coeur

Coeur is a U.S.-based, diversified precious metals producer with five 100%-owned operations: the Las Chispas underground silver-gold mine in Sonora, Mexico, the Palmarejo underground gold-silver complex in Chihuahua, Mexico, the Rochester open-pit silver-gold mine in Nevada, the Kensington underground gold mine in Alaska, and the Wharf open-pit gold mine in South Dakota. In addition, Coeur has 100%-ownership in the Silvertip polymetallic critical minerals exploration project in British Columbia. Coeur's 2025 production guidance consists of 393 - 438 koz of gold and 17.1 - 19.2 million ounces ("Moz") of silver.

As of market close on October 31, 2025, Coeur had a market capitalization of approximately US$11.0 billion. Coeur is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and is a Delaware Corporation, with its head office located in Chicago, Illinois.

Approach to Fairness

In considering the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Consideration to be received by New Gold Shareholders, CIBC has considered that the Proposed Transaction is a fixed share-for-share exchange with no cash consideration, which would result in New Gold Shareholders owning approximately 38%, on a fully diluted basis, of the pro forma entity, while Coeur Stockholders would own the remaining approximately 62%. In addition, the Board of Directors of the combined entity is expected to include two New Gold directors. Taking these factors into account, CIBC concluded that the appropriate comparisons for assessing the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Consideration to be received by the Company's shareholders, included a value analysis of each of the New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares, respectively, with such analyses based on the methodologies and assumptions that we considered appropriate in the circumstances for the purposes of arriving at our Opinion.

CIBC primarily considered and relied upon the following methodologies, in support of the Opinion:

  i)     a net asset value ("NAV") approach for each of New Gold and Coeur; 
  ii)    a comparable precedent transactions analysis for New Gold, and; 
  iii)   a comparable companies analysis for Coeur. 


Additionally, CIBC reviewed and considered other factors and analyses as we considered appropriate, including the 52-week trading range and volume-weighted average trading prices of New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares, equity research analyst target prices for New Gold Shares and Coeur Shares, and precedent change of control premiums.

For the New Gold Shares, CIBC conducted an analysis of the relevant trading metrics of comparable companies to New Gold. In the comparable company approach for New Gold, CIBC reviewed public market trading statistics for select publicly-listed precious metal mining companies that we considered relevant. Using the trading statistics, we then determined ranges of multiples that would be applied to financial metrics of New Gold, including Price-to-NAV per share and Price-to-2026E Cash Flow per share, as these are commonly used methodologies employed by equity research analysts and investors in the precious metals sector to estimate the value of a given company. However, CIBC relied primarily on the precedent transactions analysis as the comparable company and other trading metrics reflect minority discount values and do not factor in a premium for control. A summary of CIBC's precedent transaction analysis with respect to New Gold is provided below.

For the Coeur Shares, CIBC relied upon trading value approaches since New Gold Shareholders receiving Coeur Shares as Consideration will, individually and collectively, be receiving a minority interest in Coeur and will not be able to affect the control of Coeur. Accordingly, CIBC concluded that it was not appropriate to consider methodologies that are based on the assumption of a change of control transaction or an en bloc value. A summary of CIBC's comparable companies analysis with respect to Coeur is provided below.

In evaluating the Coeur Shares, CIBC also considered the liquidity of the Coeur Shares in assessing whether the current trading price of the Coeur Shares could be considered a reasonable, market-determined proxy for the fair trading value of the Coeur Shares. We observed that during the period ending October 31, 2025, trading volume equivalent to Coeur's public float required only 38 days to trade, demonstrating strong liquidity for the Coeur Shares.

E-7

Financial Projections

To support our financial analysis, CIBC has relied on unaudited financial models for both the Company and Coeur that have been provided to us by management of the Company. These financial projections include, among other things, assumptions on future commodity prices, production levels, operating costs, capital costs, depreciation, and taxes which reflect (or reflected at the time of preparation) the best currently available assumptions and which, in the reasonable belief of management as confirmed to us by management, continue to be reasonable in the circumstances.

CIBC has adjusted the financial projections for both the Company and Coeur to reflect the consensus equity research analyst estimates for future commodity prices rather than relying on the estimates for future commodity prices provided by management. This has been done to incorporate market consensus views into our analysis and to ensure commodity price comparability in the forecasts for both companies. These adjustments were made to ensure commodity price forecasts are comparable with those used by the equity research analysts in calculating the net asset values and other financial metrics which underpin the comparable company analysis herein and because, in our experience, it is common practice in the precious metals sector for companies to use consensus research analyst pricing in analyzing value.

Below we have outlined the consensus commodity prices we have used in our analysis:1

                              2025E           2026E           2027E           2028E           2029E           2030E &Long-Term   
Gold Price (US$/oz)       $   3,304       $   3,735       $   3,562       $   3,463       $   3,296       $   3,040              
Silver Price (US$/oz)     $   37.03       $   43.33       $   41.59       $   39.86       $   37.69       $   33.95              
Copper Price (US$/lb)     $   4.42        $   4.70        $   4.78        $   4.76        $   4.85        $   4.49               


For New Gold, CIBC has relied on the internal base case forecast (the "New Gold Base Case") provided by management of the Company. The New Gold Base Case includes life of mine ("LoM") projections for each of the Company's material operating assets and reflects management's current view of the business and its operations.

For Coeur, CIBC has relied on the internal base case forecast (the "Adjusted Coeur Base Case") provided by management of the Company. The Adjusted Coeur Base Case was originally provided by Coeur and has been adjusted based on the due diligence findings of New Gold management. The Adjusted Coeur Base Case includes LoM projections for each of Coeur's material operating and development assets and reflects New Gold management's baseline view of the business and its operations.

NAV Approach

In the NAV approach, CIBC separately considered each mining asset, the corporate overhead costs, and the financial assets and liabilities for the Company and Coeur, respectively. The value of each mining asset is summed to produce a total asset value, from which the attributable corporate overhead costs and financial assets and liabilities are added or subtracted.

For mining assets, CIBC calculated the present value of the proportionate, unlevered, after-tax, constant-dollar free cash flows of each asset over the life of the asset as provided in the New Gold Base Case or the Adjusted Coeur Base Case, at the real discount rate outlined below.

The NAV method considers a variety of valuation techniques in the context of individual assets, is less biased with respect to the transaction's timing within a commodity cycle or development stage of a particular project due to its reliance principally on long-term price forecasts, and explicitly addresses the unique characteristics of the geographical location and jurisdiction of each asset, as the case may be, from a long-term operating and production perspective.

1 Consensus commodity prices as at October 21, 2025.

E-8

In determining the NAV of each of New Gold and Coeur, we have applied a real discount rate of 5% to the future free cash flows of all the assets and corporate overhead costs as outlined above, using consensus equity research estimates for future commodity prices. The discount rate reflects the figure commonly used by equity research analysts in calculating net asset values for assets of this nature.

To calculate the NAV contribution from mining assets where a financial forecast could not be reasonably estimated, CIBC has relied on a total enterprise value/gold equivalent ounce ("TEV/AuEq oz") approach, which is consistent with that used by equity research analysts in the precious metals sector. The TEV/AuEq oz multiples applied to the resources of these mining assets were provided by management of the Company, and vary by deposit based on a variety of factors, including, among other things, (i) mineral type, (ii) mine type, (iii) stage of exploration, (iv) quality and grade of the deposits, and (v) jurisdiction and location of the deposit. CIBC has reviewed and validated the TEV/AuEq oz trading multiples provided by management based on comparable publicly listed precious metal development and exploration companies.

Precedent Transactions Analysis - New Gold

The precedent transactions methodology considers observed transaction multiples paid in the context of the sale of a comparable company or asset(s) to estimate the "en bloc" value of a particular asset(s) or company. The prices paid for companies or assets in the precious metals sector which are subject to arm's length transactions provide an indication of value.

CIBC examined selected precedent M&A transactions involving precious metals transactions in the Americas and Australia that we considered relevant. CIBC notes that none of the companies in the selected precedent transactions were identical to New Gold and certain of these precedent transactions may have had characteristics that were materially different from those of New Gold, including, but not limited to, differences in company-specific factors, or prevailing economic and market conditions.

CIBC considered the multiples of price-to-NAV and price-to-cash flow to be the most relevant metrics for New Gold in consideration of the precedent transactions analysis as investors and the majority of equity research analysts of New Gold use these multiples in determining a value for New Gold, and this approach is consistent with how other precious metal producers are typically valued. For each of the selected transactions, CIBC considered the ratio of the target's equity value, implied by the transaction, to its NAV and cash flow forecast prior to the announcement of the transaction, as estimated by equity research analysts where publicly available.

E-9

CIBC reviewed the following transactions:

Set of Precedent Transactions 
AnnouncementDate  Acquiror                                              Target 
10-Sep-25         Carcetti Capital Corp.                                Hemlo Gold Mine 
5-May-25          Gold Fields Ltd.Gold Road Resources Ltd. 
23-Feb-25         Equinox Gold Corp.Calibre Mining Corp.2
25-Nov-24         Dhilmar Ltd.                                          Éléonore Gold Mine2
18-Nov-24         Orla Mining Ltd.                                      Musselwhite Gold Mine2
27-Mar-24         Alamos Gold, Inc.Argonaut Gold, Inc. 
10-Apr-23         Newmont Corp.Newcrest Mining Ltd. 
4-Nov-22          Pan American Silver Corp. /Agnico Eagles Mines Ltd.   Yamana Gold, Inc. 
8-Nov-21          Newcrest Mining Ltd.Pretium Resources, Inc. 
16-Dec-19         Northern Star Resources Ltd.Kalgoorlie Consolidated Gold MinesPty Ltd (50%) 
25-Nov-19         Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd.Detour Gold Corp. 
18-Nov-19         Saracen Mineral Holdings Ltd.Kalgoorlie Consolidated Gold MinesPty Ltd (50%) 
14-May-19         St. Barbara Ltd.                                      Atlantic Gold Corp. 
14-Jan-19         Newmont Mining Corp.Goldcorp, Inc.

Below we have outlined the range of transaction multiples for the list of precedent transactions outlined above:

Price / NAV Per Share   Price / Cash Flow Per Share 
Multiples               Multiples 
High                    1.41x   High   12.0x 
Low                     0.70x   Low    3.0x 
Mean                    1.08x   Mean   6.8x 


Precedent Price-to-NAV Multiples

Based on the results of this analysis, CIBC's professional judgment and other factors that we considered appropriate, CIBC selected a multiple reference range of 1.10x to 1.30x NAV and applied this reference range to the Company's implied NAV based on: (i) equity research analyst estimates; and (ii) the New Gold Base Case.

The selected range compares to implied Price-to-NAV per share multiples for the Proposed Transaction of (i) 1.57x based on the consensus equity research estimate of NAV per share for the Company, and (ii) 1.34x based on the New Gold Base Case NAV per share.

Precedent Price-to-Cash Flow Multiples

Based on the results of this analysis, CIBC's professional judgment and other factors that we considered appropriate, CIBC selected a multiple reference range of 3.0x to 5.0x cash flow and applied this reference range to the Company's implied cash flow based on: (i) equity research analyst estimates; and (ii) the New Gold Base Case. In determining appropriate Price / Cash Flow multiples, CIBC emphasized precedent transactions involving operations with relatively short reserve lives given the short reserve lives of New Afton and Rainy River.

The selected range compares to implied Price-to-2026E Cash Flow per share multiples for the Proposed Transaction of (i) 4.7x based on the consensus equity research estimate of 2026E cash flow per share for the Company, and (ii) 4.4x based on the New Gold Base Case 2026E cash flow per share.

2 Targets with operations with relatively short remaining mine lives.

E-10

Comparable Companies Analysis - Coeur

In the comparable company approach for Coeur, CIBC reviewed public market trading statistics for select publicly-listed precious metal mining companies that we considered relevant. Using the trading statistics, we then determined ranges of multiples that would be applied to financial metrics of Coeur for the purpose of our analysis. The following financial metrics, which are discussed further below, were used to determine the implied equity value of Coeur:

1) Price-to-NAV per share; and 2) Price-to-2026E Cash Flow per share.

Price-to-NAV and Price-to-Cash Flow are commonly-used methodologies employed by equity research analysts and investors in the precious metals sector to estimate the value for a given company. Using the Price-to-NAV approach, we have applied ranges of Price-to-NAV multiples to Coeur's implied NAV based on: (i) consensus research analyst estimates, and (ii) the Adjusted Coeur Base Case. Using the Price-to-Cash Flow approach, we have applied ranges of 2026E Cash Flow multiples to the 2026E Cash Flow estimate for Coeur, respectively, based on: (i) consensus research analyst estimates, and (ii) the Adjusted Coeur Base Case.

No company utilized in the comparable company analysis is identical to Coeur. Accordingly, an analysis involving the trading multiples on NAV and Cash Flow requires complex considerations and judgments concerning the similarities and differences between the comparable companies and Coeur with respect to a number of factors, including but not limited to, scale, asset quality, jurisdictional risk, and commodity distribution, among others.

To determine the range of appropriate NAV per share and cash flow per share multiples for Coeur, we have selected the following companies which we have deemed relevant given their status as silver producers of similar market and operational scale as Coeur:

First Majestic Silver Corp.Hecla Mining Co.Fresnillo PlcPan American Silver Corp.

Below we have outlined the range of observed trading multiples for Coeur and the list of Coeur's comparable companies outlined above, which are based on consensus research analyst estimates for NAV per Share, and 2026E Cash Flow per Share:

Price / NAV Per Share   Price / 2026E Cash Flow Per Share 
Multiples3,4            Multiples 
High                    2.42x   High   13.4x 
Low                     1.34x   Low    7.8x 
Mean                    1.95x   Mean   11.0x 


3 Pan American Silver Corp.'s P/NAV excludes NAV contribution from Escobal mine due to the non-operational status of Escobal mine as of October 31, 2025.

4 Fresnillo's P/NAV has not been adjusted to reflect contribution from the pending acquisition of Probe Gold Inc. which is not material to Fresnillo.

E-11

To determine the range of appropriate Price-to-NAV and Price-to-Cash Flow multiples for Coeur, we took into consideration a number of factors including: geopolitical risk exposure, scale and asset quality, growth, and execution risk, among others. Based on the range of observed trading multiples and these considerations, we have applied the following multiples:

(i) 1.7x to 2.0x to the consensus equity research analyst estimate of NAV per share and the Adjusted Coeur Base Case NAV per share, respectively; and (ii) 10.0x to 13.0x to the 2026E consensus equity research analyst Cash Flow per share and the Adjusted Coeur Base Case 2026E Cash Flow per share, respectively.

Findings from Comparable Companies Analysis

The selected range compares to implied Price-to-NAV per share multiples for Coeur based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares on October 31, 2025 of (i) 1.55x based on the consensus equity research estimate of NAV per share for Coeur, and (ii) 1.67x based on the Adjusted Coeur Base Case NAV per share.

In addition, the selected ranges compare to implied Price-to-Cash Flow per share multiples for Coeur based on the closing price of the Coeur Shares on October 31, 2025 of (i) 10.6x based on the 2026E consensus equity research estimate of Cash Flow per share for Coeur, (ii) 8.4x based on the Adjusted Coeur Base Case 2026E Cash Flow per share.

Based on this analysis, along with our assessment of the liquidity of the Coeur Shares, CIBC concluded that Coeur's current share price as at October 31, 2025 represents a reasonable proxy for fair value for the Coeur shares.

Opinion

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and such other matters as we considered relevant, it is our opinion, as of the date hereof, that the Consideration to be received by New Gold Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to New Gold Shareholders.

Yours very truly,

/s/ CIBC World Markets Inc.

E-12

Appendix F

Fairness Opinion of National Bank Financial Inc.

See attached.

F-1

November 2, 2025

The Board of Directors of

New Gold Inc.

181 Bay Street, Suite 3320

Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3

Canada

To the Board of Directors:

National Bank Financial Inc. ("NBF", "we", or "us") understands that New Gold Inc. ("New Gold" or the "Company") and Coeur Mining, Inc. (the "Acquiror") propose to enter into a definitive arrangement agreement to be dated November 2, 2025 (the "Arrangement Agreement"), pursuant to which a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Acquiror will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of the Company (the "Company Shares") and pursuant to which each holder of Company Shares will be entitled to receive, in exchange for each Company Share held, 0.4959 of a share of common stock of the Acquiror (the "Consideration").

The transaction contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement will be effected pursuant to a court-approved plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the "Arrangement") and will require the approval of (i) at least 66 2/3% of the votes cast by holders of Company Shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting held by the Company for such purpose (the "Meeting"), and (ii) a simple majority of the votes cast by holders of Company Shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Meeting, excluding votes from certain shareholders, as required under Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions ("MI 61-101") and (iii) a simple majority of the votes cast by holders of common stock of the Acquiror ("Acquiror Shares") present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting held by the Acquiror for such purpose, to allow the Acquiror to issue the Consideration under the terms of the Arrangement Agreement. The terms and conditions of the Arrangement Agreement will be more fully described in a management information circular of the Company (the "Circular") which will be mailed to the holders of Company Shares (each, a "Shareholder") in connection with the Arrangement.

Engagement of National Bank Financial

The Company initially contacted NBF in August 2025 regarding a potential advisory assignment and was formally retained by the Company pursuant to an engagement agreement dated October 8, 2025 (the "Engagement Agreement") to act as financial advisor to the Company which services include providing financial advice and assistance to the Company with respect to the Arrangement, including the preparation and delivery of an opinion (the "Opinion") to the board of directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors") as to the fairness from a financial point of view of the Consideration to be received by the Shareholders, other than the Acquiror, pursuant to the Arrangement.

NBF understands that the Opinion and a summary thereof will be included in the Circular and, subject to the terms of the Engagement Agreement, NBF consents to such disclosure. NBF has not been asked to prepare and has not prepared a formal valuation under MI 61-101 of the Company or the Acquiror, or a valuation of any of the securities or assets of the Company or the Acquiror and this Opinion should not be construed as such.

F-2

NBF will be paid fees for its services as financial advisor to the Company, including for the delivery of the Opinion. A substantial portion of the fees payable to NBF are contingent on completion of the Arrangement or an alternative transaction. In addition, NBF is to be reimbursed for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to be indemnified by the Company in certain circumstances.

Relationship with Interested Parties

Neither NBF nor any of its affiliates is an insider, associate or affiliate (as those terms are defined in the Securities Act (British Columbia)) of the Company, the Acquiror, or any other interested party (as such term is defined in MI 61-101) or any of their respective associates or affiliates (collectively, the "Interested Parties"). Neither NBF nor any of its affiliates has been engaged to provide any financial advisory services, nor has NBF or any of its affiliates participated in any financing, involving the Interested Parties within the past two years, other than: (i) acting as financial advisor to the Company pursuant to the Engagement Agreement; (ii) acting as a participant to the Company as part of its corporate credit facilities; (iii) acting as an underwriter for the Company's US$173 million common share offering, which closed on April 26, 2024; (iv) participating in the US$100 million of gold prepay arrangements with the Company on April 7, 2025; (v) acting as an underwriter for the Company's US$400 million senior notes offering, which closed on March 18, 2025; (vi) acting as a participant to the Acquiror as part of its corporate credit facilities; and (vii) acting as a provider of treasury management services such as foreign exchange, commodity and interest rate hedging services to the Company and the Acquiror.

Other than as set forth above, there are no understandings, agreements or commitments between NBF and the Interested Parties with respect to any future business dealings. NBF may, in the future, in the ordinary course of its business, perform financial advisory or investment banking services for the Interested Parties. In addition, National Bank of Canada ("NBC"), of which NBF is a wholly-owned subsidiary, or one or more affiliates of NBC, may provide banking or other financial services to one or more of the Interested Parties in the ordinary course of business.

NBF acts as a trader and dealer, both as principal and agent, in major financial markets and, as such, may have had and may in the future have positions in the securities of the Company or the Acquiror, or their respective subsidiaries, and, from time to time, may have executed or may execute transactions for such companies and clients from whom it received or may receive compensation. NBF, as an investment dealer, conducts research on securities and may, in the ordinary course of its business, provide research reports and investment advice to its clients on investment matters, including with respect to the Company or the Acquiror, or their respective subsidiaries.

Credentials of NBF

NBF is a leading Canadian investment dealer whose businesses include corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, equity and fixed income sales and trading and investment research. NBF has been a financial advisor in a significant number of transactions throughout North America involving public companies in various industry sectors and has extensive experience in preparing valuations and fairness opinions.

The Opinion expressed herein is the opinion of NBF, and the form and content herein has been reviewed and approved for release by a group of managing directors of NBF, each of whom is experienced in merger, acquisition, divestiture, valuation and fairness opinion matters.

F-3

Scope of Review

In connection with rendering our Opinion, we have reviewed, considered and relied upon, or carried out (as the case may be), among other things, the following:

a) a draft of the Arrangement Agreement dated November 2, 2025; b) a draft of the Plan of Arrangement dated November 2, 2025; c) publicly available documents regarding the Company, including annual and quarterly reports, financial statements, management's discussion and analysis, annual information forms, management circulars, NI 43-101 technical reports, and other filings deemed relevant; d) publicly available documents regarding the Acquiror, including annual and quarterly reports, financial statements, management's discussion and analysis, Form 10-Ks, proxy circulars, technical reports, and other filings deemed relevant; e) certain internal management budgets, analysis and financial models prepared by or on behalf of the management of the Company and the Acquiror that were provided to us in the course of our engagement; f) certain other non-public information prepared and provided to us by the Company, primarily financial in nature, concerning the Company's and the Acquiror's business, assets, liabilities and prospects (the "Financial Projections"); g) various reports published by equity research analysts and industry sources regarding the Company, the Acquiror and other public companies, to the extent deemed relevant by us, in the exercise of our professional judgment; h) trading statistics and selected financial information of the Company, the Acquiror and other selected public companies, to the extent deemed relevant by us, in the exercise of our professional judgment; i) public information with respect to selected precedent transactions considered by us to be relevant, in the exercise of our professional judgment; j) consultation with Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg LLP, legal advisors to the Company; k) a certificate addressed to NBF, from senior officers of the Company regarding the completeness and accuracy of the information upon which this Opinion is based; and l) such other information, discussions and analyses as NBF considered, in the exercise of our professional judgment, necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.

NBF has not, to the best of its knowledge, been denied access by the Company to any information under the control of the Company that has been requested by NBF.

Prior Valuations

Senior Officers of the Company have represented to NBF that, to the best of their knowledge, there have been no prior valuations (as defined for the purposes of MI 61-101) of the Company or any of its material assets or subsidiaries prepared within the past twenty-four (24) months.

Assumptions and Limitations

NBF has relied upon the completeness, accuracy and fair presentation of all financial and other information, data, advice, opinions, representations and other material obtained by us from public sources, or provided to us orally by, or in the presence of, an officer or employee of the Company, or in writing by the Company, its subsidiaries or their respective directors, officers, associates, affiliates, consultants, advisors and representatives (collectively, the "Information"). We have assumed that the Information, was at the date the Information was provided to us and is (except to the extent superseded by more current Information) as of the date hereof, complete, true and correct in all material respects, and did not and does not contain a misrepresentation and did not and does not omit to state any material fact or any fact necessary to be stated to make the Information not misleading. Our Opinion is conditional upon such completeness, accuracy and fair presentation of the Information. We have not been requested to nor, subject to the exercise of professional judgment, have we attempted to verify independently the completeness, accuracy or fair presentation of the Information.

F-4

Senior officers of the Company have represented to NBF in a certificate delivered as of the date hereof, among other things, that (i) the Information provided orally by, or in the presence of, an officer or employee of the Company or in writing by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associates or affiliates or their respective representatives, was, at the date the Information was provided to NBF, and is at the date hereof complete, true and correct in all material respects, and did not and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact in respect of the Company, its subsidiaries or the Arrangement and did not and does not omit to state a material fact in respect of the Company, its subsidiaries or the Arrangement necessary to make the Information or any statement contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which the Information was provided or any such statement was made; and (ii) since the dates on which the Information was provided to NBF, except as disclosed to NBF, there has been no material change, financial or otherwise, in the financial condition, assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), business, operations or prospects of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and no material change has occurred in the Information or any part thereof which would have or which would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Opinion.

With respect to any forecasts, projections, estimates and/or budgets provided by the Company or, in the case of forecasts, projections, estimates and/or budgets in respect of the Acquiror, reviewed by the Company, and used in its analyses, NBF notes that projecting future results of any company is inherently subject to uncertainty. NBF has assumed, however, that such forecasts, projections, estimates and/or budgets were prepared or reviewed using the assumptions identified therein and that such assumptions in the opinion of the Company, are (or were at the time) reasonable in the circumstances. NBF has relied upon forecasts, projections, estimates and budgets provided by the Company, including the Financial Projections, each assumed to be reasonably prepared, reflecting the best currently available assumptions, estimates and judgments of Company management considering the Company's business, plans, financial condition and prospects, and are not, in the reasonable belief of Company management, misleading in any material respect. In respect of the Acquiror, NBF has relied upon forecasts, projections, estimates, and budgets provided by the Acquiror and reviewed by the Company, each assumed to be reasonably prepared, reflecting the best currently available assumptions, estimates and judgements of the Acquiror and Company management considering the financial and other information and data, advice, opinions, representations and other material provided to the Company by the Acquiror with respect to the Acquiror's business, plans, financial condition and prospects. NBF has assumed that there are no independent valuations or appraisals or material non-independent appraisals or valuations relating to the Company, the Acquiror, or any of their respective subsidiaries or any of their respective material assets or liabilities that have been prepared in the two years preceding the date hereof and which have not been provided to NBF.

NBF has assumed that, in all respects material to its analysis, the Arrangement Agreement executed by the parties will be in substantially the form and substance of the draft provided to us, the representations and warranties of the parties to the Arrangement Agreement contained therein are complete, true and correct in all material respects, such parties will each perform all of the respective covenants and agreements to be performed by them under the Arrangement Agreement, and all conditions to the obligations of such parties as specified in the Arrangement Agreement will be satisfied or waived. NBF has also assumed that all material approvals and consents required in connection with the consummation of the Arrangement will be obtained and that, in connection with any necessary approvals and consents, no limitations, restrictions or conditions will be imposed that would have an adverse effect on the Company or the Acquiror.

This Opinion does not address the relative merits of the Arrangement as compared to other business strategies or transactions that might be available with respect to the Company or the Company's underlying business decision to effect the Arrangement or any other term or aspect of the Arrangement or the Arrangement Agreement or any other agreement entered into or amended in connection with the Arrangement.

F-5

NBF did not meet with the auditors of the Company or the Acquiror and has assumed the accuracy, completeness and fair presentation of, and has relied upon, without independent verification, the financial statements of the Company and the Acquiror and any reports of the auditors thereon. NBF has assumed that all financial information provided to it was prepared on a basis consistent in all material respects with the accounting policies applied in the Company's most recent audited consolidated financial statements and does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact. We are not legal, tax or accounting experts and we express no opinion concerning any legal, tax or accounting matters concerning the Arrangement and have relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment by the Company and the Acquiror and their legal and tax advisors with respect to such matters. We express no opinion as to the value at which the Acquiror Shares may trade following completion of the Arrangement.

This Opinion is rendered as at the date hereof and on the basis of securities markets, economic and general business and financial conditions prevailing as at the date hereof and the conditions and prospects, financial and otherwise, of the Company and the Acquiror as they are reflected in the Information and as they were represented to us in our discussions with the management and directors of the Company. In our analyses and in connection with the preparation of our Opinion, we made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, market and economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of NBF and any party involved in the Arrangement. NBF disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any change in any fact or matter affecting the Opinion which may come or be brought to the attention of NBF after the date hereof. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that there is any material change in any fact or matter affecting the Opinion after the date hereof, NBF reserves the right to change, modify or withdraw the Opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily capable of being partially analyzed or summarized. NBF believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the analyses or the factors considered by it, without considering all factors and analyses together, could create an incomplete view of the process underlying the Opinion. The Opinion should be read in its entirety.

This Opinion is addressed to and is for the sole use and benefit of the Board of Directors and may not be referred to, summarized, circulated, publicized or reproduced or disclosed to or used or relied upon by any party without the express written consent of NBF, other than in the Circular in its entirety and a summary thereof (in a form acceptable to us, acting reasonably). This Opinion is not to be construed or used as a recommendation to Shareholders to vote in favour or against the Arrangement.

Conclusion

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and such other matters as we considered relevant, it is our opinion, as of the date hereof, that the Consideration to be received by the Shareholders pursuant to the Arrangement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Shareholders .

Yours very truly,

/s/ NATIONAL BANK FINANCIAL INC.

NATIONAL BANK FINANCIAL INC.

F-6

Appendix G

Information Concerning New Gold

Notice to Reader

Capitalized terms used in this Appendix G but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the "Glossary of Terms" in this Circular.

Unless otherwise indicated, all references to "$" or "US$" in this Appendix G refer to United States dollars and all references to "C$" in this Appendix G refer to Canadian dollars.

Overview

New Gold is a Canadian-focused intermediate gold mining company engaged in the exploration, development and operation of mineral properties. New Gold holds a 100% interest in each of the Rainy River Mine, a gold mine in Ontario, Canada, and New Afton Mine, a copper and gold mine in British Columbia, Canada. New Gold has been engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties since 1980. New Gold's current structure arose through two accretive business combinations in mid-2008 and mid-2009. New Gold is continually working to maximize shareholder value through diversified production, maintaining an attractive risk profile and enhancing growth potential in a safe and an environmentally and socially responsible manner.

Disclaimer

New Gold Inc. published this content on December 22, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed via EDGAR, the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system operated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, on December 22, 2025 at 11:50 UTC.

Document SAEXC00020251222elcm002bd




Nuevo jugador financiero en México

De jefes . 
734 words
22 December 2025
El Financiero
ELFINA
Spanish
© 2025 Copyright El Financiero  S.A. de C.V. / El Financiero Comercial S.A. de C.V. Directiva de Privacidad/Aviso Legal 

La firma estadounidense SilverBlue inició operaciones en el mercado mexicano con una tesis de inversión que se fundamenta en la disciplina de capital, estructuras financieras flexibles y un modelo de gobernanza institucional alineado con estándares internacionales.

En un periodo de reconfiguración económica para el país, impulsado por el nearshoring, el financiamiento alternativo presenta crecimientos importantes; por ello, la firma estadounidense SilverBlue, respaldada por el empresario Javier Garza Buffington, inició operaciones en el mercado mexicano con una tesis de inversión que se fundamenta en la disciplina de capital, estructuras financieras flexibles y un modelo de gobernanza institucional alineado con estándares internacionales.

El contexto macroeconómico sustenta la entrada de nuevos jugadores, dado que México registró anuncios de Inversión Extranjera Directa superiores a los 4 mil millones de dólares en 2023, con proyecciones que alcanzan los 110 mil millones de dólares hacia 2026 debido al nearshoring. A pesar de este flujo de capital, mientras que la banca atiende apenas el 23 por ciento del crédito empresarial, el capital privado y la deuda institucional han crecido 17 por ciento en tres años, con un portafolio que supera los 11 mil millones de dólares.

La estrategia operativa de SilverBlue se despliega en tres líneas de negocio que incluyen la deuda estructurada, la adquisición de activos de largo plazo y el financiamiento para empresas en etapa de expansión. Al frente de la organización se encuentra César Urrea, con más de dos décadas de trayectoria en mercados internacionales y quien anteriormente dirigió el Fondo México-China, que gestionó un capital comprometido de mil 200 millones de dólares.

Orbia avanza en química de alto valor

En un momento en que la relocalización manufacturera acelera y define cadenas de suministro, Orbia, liderada por Sameer Bharadwaj, apuesta por polímeros de alto desempeño, materiales avanzados y químicos con menos huella ambiental.

Desde 2019, Orbia redujo en 26 por ciento sus emisiones directas e indirectas y en 33 por ciento las de su cadena de valor, mientras que 89 por ciento de sus plantas ya operan sin enviar residuos a rellenos sanitarios. Programas como Vinilo en Movimiento, con más de 500 toneladas de PVC recuperadas al año, y su portafolio Future-Fit PVC confirman que la circularidad ya es una ventaja competitiva tangible.

En química de especialidad, Orbia avanza en uno de los segmentos más sensibles y regulados del planeta: propelentes médicos y refrigerantes. Su línea Zephex 152a y los nuevos refrigerantes de bajo potencial de calentamiento global (Klea Edge) gana tracción en mercados donde la industria debe cumplir con regulaciones cada vez más estrictas para reducir significativamente los efectos calentamiento global en el planeta. A esto se suman los materiales para baterías de ion-litio, fundamentales para que EU consolide una cadena de suministro regional para vehículos eléctricos.

Orbia está expandiendo capacidades, invirtiendo en tecnologías más limpias y fortaleciendo operaciones en el país para posicionarse como un actor clave de la manufactura competitiva, sostenible y con mayor contenido regional.

Novedad láctea de Alpura

Bajo la dirección de Tanya Avellán, Grupo Alpura lanzó su nueva leche sabor Caramel Toffee para fortalecer su presencia en la categoría de leches saborizadas. Esta edición especial se integra al portafolio de la compañía con el objetivo de capitalizar el consumo estacional de la temporada decembrina mediante una propuesta de valor diferenciada en el mercado.

Según los indicadores de la firma, esta estrategia permitió obtener un crecimiento del 1.7 por ciento en la participación de mercado durante sus primeros dos meses de implementación, lo que refleja la respuesta del consumidor ante la diversificación de la oferta tradicional.

Refuerzos en Pérez-Llorca

Pérez-Llorca promovió a Antonio De Lisi, Patricio Martínez y Enrique Muñoz como nuevos socios de su oficina en CDMX, en línea con su estrategia de crecimiento en el país. Los nombramientos fortalecen áreas clave como M&A, Competencia Económica, Proyectos, Energía e Infraestructura, así como Ambiental y Regulación Sanitaria, prácticas relevantes para clientes en sectores altamente regulados y operaciones complejas. La firma, cuya oficina en México está encabezada por Jorge Mondragón, amplía sus capacidades locales como parte de una ronda global que incorpora 12 nuevos socios en España, México y Colombia.

La estrategia operativa de SilverBlue, respaldada por el empresario Javier Garza Buffington, se despliega en tres líneas de negocio que incluyen la deuda estructurada, la adquisición de activos de largo plazo y el financiamiento para empresas en etapa de  expansión.

Document ELFINA0020251222elcm000p8




CENAFTAENG
T-MEC review, an opportunity to strengthen the Development Poles: Marcelo Ebrard

Pool CEO 
562 words
21 December 2025
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

For Mexico, 2026 will mean a year with different challenges in the economic outlook, among other things, due to the revision of the trade agreement with the United States and Canada (T-MEC), which could mean the boost that the Mexican economy needs to accelerate the Development Poles of Plan Mexico.

Marcelo Ebrard, Secretary of Economy, pointed out that after the revision of the trade agreement there will be many companies, both foreign and domestic, seeking to define their future investments, which is why the government's reaction will be fundamental to attract this capital for the advancement of the Development Poles.

When you are late, the train is leaving. We have the pretension, the objective, the purpose of not wasting time [...] we will try to close as soon as possible the window of uncertainty related to the treaty, and at the same time promote the acceleration that we start producing more here, said Ebrard during the First National Meeting of Economic Development Poles for Wellbeing.

According to his analysis, after the revision of the T-MEC, Mexico will continue to be the main trading partner of the United States, which increases the country's attractiveness to attract foreign investment and boost the country's private sector, due to its strategic role in international trade.

The head of the Ministry of Economy (SE), assured that the government of President Claudia Sheinbaum has already carried out the relevant analysis to knock on the doors of investors once the negotiation of the trilateral treaty is completed. The investments they intend to attract will be to promote Plan Mexico and therefore the Development Poles.

The importance of the Development Poles

Since the beginning of President Claudia Sheinbaum's administration, they have sought to attract greater private investment for the development of the Poles, in order to increase production in Mexico, boost local industry and reduce the country's current dependence on imports.

The former head of government of Mexico City (CDMX) between 2006 and 2012, indicated that there are some industries where Mexico has a great attraction due to its proximity to the United States and low production costs, something that could bring greater investment with the revision of the T-MEC.

Among these industries is the technology industry where Mexico has sought to attract more companies to build data centers, especially in states such as Querétaro where electrical conditions and costs are more favorable for investors.

Data centers, well, it is cheaper to do it here than to do it in the United States. We recently announced an investment of this type in Querétaro, it is 6 billion dollars, very high salaries, increase in electric energy, etc. More are going to come," said Ebard.

However, although he remarked that in 2026 investment will increase and the projects of the Development Poles will be accelerated, he also indicated that this is a long-term project, so the results could be reflected in the Mexican economy during the next decade.

It is not possible to create poles and be successful in one year, China took more than 20 years. I am not saying that we are going to take 20 years, but many of these initiatives take time [...] their full effects will be seen in the next decade, concluded the Secretary of Economy.

Document NAFTA00020251222elcl0002v




CE Noticias Financieras English
ABB Mexico celebrates 70 years with 2,300 MDD  investment  and national  expansion 

308 words
21 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City. - In the framework of its 70th anniversary in Mexico, the Swiss company ABB, a global leader in electrification and automation, announced the consolidation of its operations in Mexico after a strategic investment of 2.3 billion dollars this year. Strategic expansion from north to south

The technology firm explained that the capital injected allowed it to strengthen its infrastructure in three key points of the country:

- San Luis Potosí: Expansion of its main production capacity.

- Nuevo León: Opening of a new regional center in San Pedro Garza García.

- Yucatán: Expansion of its technology center in Mérida.

This operational growth resulted in the creation of 350 new direct jobs, strengthening a workforce that adds to the eight plants the company currently operates in the country. "Swissness": The hallmark of Swiss investment

Karina Lerma, president of the Swiss Chamber, emphasized that ABB is a pillar of long-term foreign investment, characterized by innovation and sustainability.

"ABB is a clear example of Swiss commitment in Mexico. Over seven decades, it has contributed significantly to industrial development and the training of national talent," said Lerma. Social responsibility and young talent

Beyond industrial figures, the company reported on its social impact through the execution of 30 community projects promoted by 1,200 volunteers. The company also reaffirmed its attractiveness to new generations by being recognized by the Best Internship Experiences (BIE) ranking as one of the 25 best companies for interns in Mexico. Projections to 2026

With a global trajectory of 140 years and a workforce of 110,000 employees worldwide, ABB Mexico is already preparing its roadmap for 2026, the year in which it plans to launch new strategic initiatives to maintain its leadership in industrial automation and the country's energy transition.

Document NFINCE0020251222elcl000rz




CE Noticias Financieras English
Fare increase feared as a result of Volaris and Viva merger

735 words
20 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

The intention of Volaris and Viva Aerobus to form a single Mexican group of companies under a holding company structure may affect competition in the low-cost airline market, according to analysts consulted by EL UNIVERSAL.

The airlines claim that the objective of creating a holding company, i.e., a parent company that controls both through the ownership of its shares, but allowing them to operate independently, is to increase air travel at low prices, raise capital to grow and make their costs more efficient. However, a concentration may be created that affects competition and raises consumer fares on routes where they currently compete.

"From the point of view of economic competition or antitrust regulation, which seeks precisely that there be competition in open markets such as aviation, to achieve better quality of service and more competitive rates for the benefit of the user, this clearly qualifies as a concentration that will necessarily require the authorization of the new National Antitrust Commission," said Juan Carlos Machorro, lead attorney of the Transactional Practice of the Santamarina y Steta law firm.

In his opinion, the first thing the commission must analyze is to delimit the relevant market in which both airlines operate to see what the impact of the concentration is.

"They have more than 40% of the aviation market share, twice what Aeromexico has, which is more or less 20%, it is a considerable percentage and it turns on the red lights of a competition authority to approve or not a merger of this type," he said.

"But if the low-cost airline market is considered, they are the only two players, because Interjet no longer exists, and that 40% becomes 100% of the low-cost market," Machorro explained.

In addition, it should be reviewed if there are overlaps in the routes to the cities where they fly, because they can become the only company that operates a certain destination.

"Competition is over".

Thirdly, he indicated that the Antitrust Commission should review how competitive or not the fares offered by the two economic agents are or are not compared to others that participate in the market.

"Competition between the low-cost airlines will end and there is a risk that, despite what they say now, they will cease to be low-cost companies and there would be, at least, the temptation to raise fares if Aeromexico's fares are indeed higher than theirs," he added.

Volaris and Viva claim that this union will allow them to have greater economies of scale through their new airline group, benefit from lower fleet ownership costs, better access to capital and a stronger financial position.

"This will allow both airlines to expand their low-cost, high-quality service offerings, making air travel more accessible to a broader group of passengers, with the goal of expanding market reach and stimulating demand," they said.

In the EU's sights

The merger will have to be scrutinized by antitrust authorities in both Mexico and the United States.

Jonathan Felix, airline industry analyst at Verum, said that the intention of both airlines is to remain with low costs, in addition, they do not compete with each other in several routes, since almost 40% of the routes operated by Volaris have no competition, as does Viva.

Where there could perhaps be an impact is on routes to high density cities such as Mexico City, Guadalajara, Tijuana or Cancun, but that will be seen over time.

"If they comply with what they said, it is positive in the sense of providing cheaper flights, but only time will tell," commented Felix.

Viva and Volaris detailed that the holding structure allows them to retain their unique brands and current operations under their independent operating certificates, maintaining existing options for passengers and increasing their point-to-point travel.

They need approval from the National Antitrust and Foreign Investment Commission in Mexico; the Hart-Scott-Rodino (HSR) Antitrust Act in the United States; and the Colombian antitrust agency. The transaction is expected to close in 2026.

For employees, stability in their jobs is promised and although both have collective bargaining agreements with the same union, STIA, they will maintain their separate union contracts.

Volaris shares soared 14.1%, their best day since April 2020, and achieved the highest increase among companies on the Mexican Stock Exchange.

Document NFINCE0020251220elck00407




CE Noticias Financieras English
Thierry Blouet: 35 years of passion and art in the kitchen

1,385 words
20 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

For the gastronomic sector of the country, chef Thierry Blouet is the pioneer of gourmet signature cuisine in Mexico: 35 years ago he opened Café des Artistes, a small space in the heart of Puerto Vallarta, with an original menu, a sustainable idea with products from the region and personalized attention; a concept that was later replicated throughout the country.Over the years it evolved: "with the passing of time and also with the effort of our own economy, because this restaurant started from scratch, without national or foreign investment", explains chef Thierry Blouet, during a visit to celebrate the 35 years of the restaurant, to get to know the new spaces and the new experiences, which was opened this December 17th.Café des Artistes, the beginning of it allDuring the tour of the new spaces, Chef Blouet recalls that the office "was two boxes...one more where we kept the vegetables, but little by little it grew...gaining space on the sides".The last remodeling began five years ago,

 under the supervision of Thierry Blouet: now the Rosé-Thierry boutique is at the front (with original pieces made by his wife), at the entrance a gigantic kitchen, the larger P'yote Loungede bar with an oval bar and mixology - "to start or end the evening", he says, the garden of delights is also larger - "it is the favorite space of our visitors", he adds - as well as one of the most complete wine cellars in the region, which includes "our own wines, from Zacatecas and the Guadalupe Valley", says the chef.In addition to paintings and sculptures that enhance the beauty of the place, the walls were intervened by different artists. It is recommended to go with time to enjoy the works created by the Mexican Rogelio Manzo; the French Serge Bloch, and the Chilean Sebastián Hermidia.Although the restaurant is already full, the chef said that he will open "a little terrace, where we will serve during the day: coffee, salads, sandwiches or bread, all gourmet, but informal; at night, to have a drink," he says. During the evening we had the opportunity to try some of the dishes that have made the restaurant famous, paired with their wines and some others from the cellar: miniature lemon caviar very crispy with a little salmon roe. Then a fermented corn aguachile with a catch of chile chintex. And some small crudités. This was followed by a ravioli of morels and fruits. Then a zarandeado fish, Café des Artistes style: zarandeado in a charcoal and wood oven with saffron corn esquites with a little zacatecan aged cheese.A duo of lamb was also served: saddle and rack with lamb juice reduction and chickpea foam. In addition, foie gras crème brûlée with a cassis sorbet, which is an "antepostre", as it starts between salty and sweet. And then a very sweet one: a whisky banana tart with ice cream. At the end of our visit, while tasting mixology with raicilla and mezcal-based drinks, smoked and complex, I ask Thierry if the growth of the group and the reopening of the restaurant was the pinnacle of his career: "yes, for sure... until today", he answers with a smile. I believe him: the chef is a character that is always developing new projects, hence his fame that has gone beyond our borders.Vallarta-Riviera Nayarit, gourmet destinations in MexicoDuring these 35 years, the restaurant was not the only thing that grew: the concept also expanded: now there is the Café des Artistes Group integrated by: Tuna Blanca, located in Punta de Mita, which just turned 18 years old; Café des Artistes Los Cabos, with a decade inside the JW Marriott. A year ago they opened in Bucerías (Nayarit), La Casa by Thierry Blouet, a project developed together with his daughter Vanessa. "Of my five children, only Vanessa, followed the cooking theme: since she was 10 years old, every Friday, Saturday and sometimes Sundays, she would come here and mess with all the cooks; she is also passionate about gastronomy. It is a totally homemade project, the menu started with what we like to cook at home, so it is less formal, but very cozy, with a rooftop and a herb garden", explains Thierry, his daughter Vanessa, told us that the menu of La Casa is composed of dishes "of Mediterranean, French and Mexican cuisine: it is more for sharing, more familiar. We open from 5:00 p.m. onwards, let's say for late lunches and dinners".For the occasion we served heirloom tomato with avocado and jocoque, baby corn with truffle hollandaise sauce and grana padano cheese, warm oysters with pore confit and butter air, wood-fired red snapper with lemon arugula salad and roasted cauliflower, short rib with red wine sauce, accompanied by a ricotta cheese tamale and grilled asparagus with orchard geranium seasoning, and finally strawberries romanoff. Another concept that Thierry has developed is dinners in Zacatecas (where his wife is from), "it is the most beautiful and best preserved colonial city in all of Mexico", he says. It is a finca that is located in one of the main squares of the city. Half of the house is a kitchen and dining room: "I make dinners there and put the whole group of guests to work with me: if they want to cook they have to come earlier. Some of them have to pour the water, others are sommeliers, they have to pour the wines, others carry dishes and clean up, and if they misbehave: they wash the dishes," he says with a smile. "They are very fun interactive events, which I really like to organize," he says.In addition, the chef plans to open a new French and Mediterranean cuisine restaurant at the Grand Hyatt Cancun by 2026.Tireless promoter of gastronomyThis year also marked the 30th anniversary of the International Gourmet Festival, which was held in November in Puerto Vallarta, Riviera Nayarit and Tepic. It was created by Thierry Blouet to promote the gastronomy and restaurants of this region; it is the most important in Mexico. For three decades it has brought together more than 600 chefs from 55 countries, including Michelin stars and figures from The World's 50 Best Restaurants.The International Gourmet Festival continues to be a pillar in the promotion of Mexican gastronomy to the world, which includes different experiences that combine culinary excellence, hospitality and gastronomic innovation.This year 27 restaurants and chefs participated, including Romain Dupeyre (Michelin Star, Racines Restaurant, Hong Kong); Thalia Barrios (Michelin Star, Levadura de Olla, Oaxaca); Victor Howard (Winner of 4 World Barbecue Championships, including the prestigious Houston Rodeo), as well as chefs Boran Tas, from Alemani; Erick Bautista, from Oaxaca, Ignacio del Rio, from Jalisco, among others. "There are several events during the eight days. The biggest is the opening day with more than a thousand attendees. Guest chefs share some of their dishes and representatives from more than 50 vineyards hand out wine. Then everyone goes around tasting wines and snacks throughout the afternoon and evening with live music; it's an incredible celebration. But there are also the guest chefs' tables in the restaurants and the dinner of the stars: we had two chefs who collaborated with us on a nine-course tasting menu for two batches of 60 people each," the chef explains enthusiastically, and he also organizes the Thierry Blouet Trophy, to promote young Mexican talent. The competition has been held in Zacatecas, Guadalajara, Morelia, Mexico City and Puerto Vallarta for almost two decades. The winner participates as representative of our country in a World Cooking Competition for young chefs under 27 years of age, which is related to the Chaîne des Rôtisseurs, chaired in Mexico by Thierry Blouet. "We have 350 members in 10 clubs in Mexico of the Chaîne des Rôtisseurs; in the world there are around 25 thousand of us. It is made up of chefs, restaurant owners or managers, winemakers, vineyard owners, in other words, those involved in hospitality and linked to gastronomy, and 70% are foodies in general, so it is the only worldwide association that mixes professionals and non-professionals", concludes chef Thierry Blouet.RRR

Document NFINCE0020251220elck001xj




CE Noticias Financieras English
Nuevo León is a leader in industrial development

455 words
18 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Nuevo León was crowned in first place in the Industrial Development Index (IDI) conducted by Finsa, obtaining a score of 82.71, well above the national average of 26.22, and far behind the last place, Guerrero, which obtained 8.12 points.

In its third edition of this index, the second and third place were Chihuahua and Coahuila, with 57.14 and 53.84 points, respectively. The IDI 2025 rated five dimensions that were infrastructure, economic environment, environment, talent and innovation, with a total of 30 indicators.

"The IDI 2025 aims to measure the capacity of the federal entities in Mexico to support industrial activity and favor its growth in the future," described Finsa, leader in the industrial development segment. Within the five elements analyzed, Nuevo León obtained first place in Infrastructure, which analyzes the space available to each entity for the development of industrial activity and how these spaces have grown in recent years.

"Nuevo León extends its leadership by reaching 17.9 million square meters of industrial space, in addition to accelerating its historical pace of construction to an average of 1.3 million square meters per year in the last five years. Chihuahua and Baja California remain among the entities with the highest installed capacity and sustained growth". The other dimension in which the State led was in Economic Environment, which evaluated the economic conditions for the development of industrial activity through indicators such as the weight in GDP, Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) flows and exports and the size of the Economically Active Population, which allow the sophistication and growth potential of the industry to be assessed.

In other dimensions, Nuevo León ranked seventh in Social Environment, the same position in Talent and Innovation, and 16th in Environment.

Sergio Argüelles, president and CEO of Finsa, said that today it is not enough to attract investment; it is essential to understand where it is possible to develop sustainably and generate greater added value, and the coming years will be decisive for more regions of the country to capitalize on these trends. "Mexico has a historic window of opportunity to consolidate a balanced, competitive industrial policy that is aligned with the challenges of sustainability, innovation and logistics security imposed by the new global order," said Argüelles.

The states with the highest score according to the Industrial Development Index take the lead. TOP 10 PLACE SCORE 1 Nuevo León 82.71 2 Chihuahua 57.14 3 Coahuila 53.84 4 Baja California 53.04 5 State of Mexico 49.40 6 Jalisco 44.32 7 Guanajuato 44.31 8 Tamaulipas 36.51 9 Querétaro 33.81 10 Mexico City 33.44 Source: Finsa

Document NFINCE0020251218elci005lr




CE Noticias Financieras English
Sheinbaum assembles her legal-judicial team

1,513 words
18 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

President Claudia Sheinbaum finished closing one of the most important clamps of her government: that of the Security Cabinet and the legal-judicial scaffolding of the State. The departure of Alejandro Gertz Manero from the Attorney General's Office, the arrival of Ernestina Godoy to that position and the appointment of Esthela Damián as the new legal advisor to the Federal Executive respond to a logic of control, political alignment and loyalty that is far from the fragmented model with which Andrés Manuel López Obrador began his six-year term.

Godoy is the lawyer closest to Claudia Sheinbaum. Their relationship was consolidated starting in 2018, when Sheinbaum became Mexico City's Chief of Government and placed Godoy at the head of the local Attorney General's Office, a position that was later transformed into the Prosecutor General's Office. From that position, Godoy became the main legal operator of the capital's government, with a central role in the institutional conduction of the most sensitive cases for the local administration, such as the tragedy of Line 12 of the Metro and other high-impact files, including matters against the opposition in the city.

Her departure from the Office of the District Attorney in 2023, after failing to achieve ratification in the local Congress, did not remove her from the circle of power. On the contrary, it took her directly to Sheinbaum's campaign team, then to the Consejería Jurídica and since a few days ago to the center of the federal apparatus of justice procurement. At the head of the FGR, Godoy will be an official 100% aligned to the presidential project, with full knowledge of sensitive files and a direct relationship with the National Palace.

The second key move is the arrival of Esthela Damian to the Legal Counsel of the Federal Executive. Damián is, for many in the presidential environment, the second closest lawyer to Sheinbaum. Former local and federal deputy, former undersecretary of Security in Mexico City and of Violence Prevention with Omar García Harfuch, Damián has been a constant figure in the political and legal operation of Sheinbaum's group. Her time in security areas and her knowledge of the administrative apparatus give her a more operational profile.

"It's time for women," Sheinbaum often says to justify some of her appointments, although this one, like Godoy's, is a matter of proven loyalties. That is why, despite the fact that Arturo Zaldívar's name sounded strongly to occupy the Legal Counsel's Office, his promotion did not materialize. Zaldívar remains in his current position, close to power but without direct control of the legal architecture of the Executive. Sheinbaum preferred to close ranks with her own profiles rather than widen the circle with others who do not come directly from the movement.

This redesign contrasts with the triad with which López Obrador began his government in 2018: Gertz Manero in the FGR, Alfonso Durazo in the Security Secretariat and Julio Scherer in the Legal Counsel's Office. That configuration was marked by tensions, parallel agendas and an evident lack of coordination. Durazo left the SSPC in October 2020 to seek the governorship of Sonora; Scherer left the Legal Counsel's Office in September 2021, amid internal rifts and finger-pointing; and the FGR operated for years as a power practically independent from the rest of the security cabinet.

Subsequent replacements attempted to correct this dispersion. Rosa Icela Rodríguez assumed the SSPC in November 2020, and María Estela Ríos González -currently a minister of the SCJN- became the Legal Counsel after Scherer's departure. Even so, the distance with the Attorney General's Office remained.

With Sheinbaum, the bet is that the Prosecutor's Office, the Legal Counsel's Office and the Security Cabinet will be articulated under the same political and strategic logic. With all that power concentrated and aligned, things should not go wrong. They cannot go wrong. Because if they fail, there will no longer be room to blame inheritances. The responsibility will be total.

The testimony of U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer before the U.S. Senate Ways and Means and Finance Committees sent relevant signals to Mexico in the run-up to the T-MEC review. Beyond the usual political tone, the USTR put hard data on the table: US exports to its treaty partners have grown 56% and the agreement has been a central factor of certainty for investment and supply chains in North America.

In his presentation, Greer explicitly acknowledged the advances derived from the agreements with Mexico. In a context of protectionist pressures and growing concerns about economic security, the USTR admits that the dialogue that has allowed moving from ad hoc discussions to structural talks, a key point towards the joint review process of the agreement.

Another element was the U.S. government's openness to negotiate both bilaterally and trilaterally. Greer said that Washington does not rule out differentiated adjustments, as anticipated by Secretary Marcelo Ebrard, but maintains the T-MEC as the central axis of the trade relationship with Mexico and Canada, instead of betting on a rupture or isolated agreements that fragment the region.

Greer's message suggests that, although complex negotiations and additional demands - on rules of origin, trade with Asia and economic security issues - will be forthcoming, the T-MEC is not in the balance. On the contrary, everything points to the fact that it will continue to be the reference framework for regional trade, with adjustments, but with continuity.

The Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) announced an investment package for 4,328 million dollars (some 81 billion pesos) to strengthen Mexico's electricity generation through five strategic power plant projects totaling 2,913.9 megawatts (MW) of new capacity. The largest of these is the Francisco Pérez Ríos Tula II Combined Cycle Power Plant in Hidalgo, with 1,013.8 MW, followed by plants in Guanajuato, Tamaulipas, Sinaloa and a generation unit in Baja California Sur, all with engineering ready and contracts signed to begin construction in the short term. The Secretary of Energy, Luz Elena González Escobar, stated that these investments contribute to ensure that the State maintains at least 54% of the national electricity generation, in accordance with the sector's current law.

The announcement is part of a series of public commitments made by the CFE and the Ministry of Energy since the beginning of the current six-year term. In November 2024, CFE's General Director, Emilia Calleja Alor, presented the 2025-2030 Expansion Plan, with a general investment strategy of 23.4 billion dollars to strengthen generation, transmission and distribution, of which 13 billion were specifically earmarked for state electricity generation, with projects designed to increase the capacity and reliability of the national system.

Last August, it was announced that during the administration of President Claudia Sheinbaum, 8 billion 177 million dollars will be allocated to the construction of 275 new transmission lines, together with substations and associated works, in what was described as a historic investment to modernize the grid and meet the growth in demand by more than 50 million users.

The Mexican Social Security Institute, headed by Zoé Robledo, closed the year with the award of procedure IA-50-GYR-050GYR975-I-22-2025, corresponding to PNAEC VI, for 765.2 million pesos, the lowest economic offer presented in the tender.

The winning company was Provectus Tecnología, which will supply 37,805 desktop computers, 101 intermediate laptops and 115 advanced laptops, all of the Hewlett-Packard brand. This is one of the most important technological equipment packages of the year in the federal public sector.

The process registered five participants in the clarification meeting and four in the proposal presentation stage. The decision confirmed that the award was based on price and technical compliance.

The equipment will be destined to IMSS' network of clinics and hospitals, with the aim of strengthening administrative and medical operations. With this, the Institute will close 2025 with concrete progress in technological infrastructure, a key area for internal management and the care of beneficiaries.

The figure of 40,906 million dollars of Foreign Direct Investment that arrived in Mexico between January and September 2025, although surprising due to the low growth of economic activity, is beginning to take shape with information presented by the country's states. Part of these flows have been directed to Baja California, one of the states that has managed to capture investments associated with industrial reconfiguration and nearshoring.

Yesterday, Governor Marina del Pilar Avila stated that Baja California is the fourth state with the highest FDI attraction and the first at national level in investment announcements. She detailed that capital is mainly concentrated in high value-added sectors such as semiconductors, biotechnology, automotive and aerospace, and assured that three of the most relevant global companies in semiconductors are already operating in the state. He also acknowledged that there is a natural turnover of companies, with closures and openings, but said that the net balance remains positive.

Document NFINCE0020251218elci00441




CE Noticias Financieras Spanish
Sheinbaum arma su equipo jurídico-judicial

1,544 words
18 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFNRAS
Spanish
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

La presidenta Claudia Sheinbaum terminó de cerrar una de las pinzas más importantes de su gobierno: la del gabinete de Seguridad y del andamiaje jurídico-judicial del Estado. La salida de Alejandro Gertz Manero de la Fiscalía General de la República, la llegada de Ernestina Godoy a ese cargo y el nombramiento de Esthela Damián como nueva consejera jurídica del Ejecutivo Federal responden a una lógica de control, alineación política y lealtad que dista del modelo fragmentado con el que Andrés Manuel López Obrador arrancó su sexenio.

Godoy es la abogada más cercana a Claudia Sheinbaum. Su relación se consolidó a partir de 2018, cuando Sheinbaum llegó a la Jefatura de Gobierno de la Ciudad de México y colocó a Godoy al frente de la Procuraduría local, cargo que después se transformó en Fiscalía. Desde esa posición, Godoy se convirtió en la principal operadora jurídica del gobierno capitalino, con un papel central en la conducción institucional de los casos más sensibles para la administración local, como la tragedia de la Línea 12 del Metro y otros expedientes de alto impacto, incluidos asuntos en contra de la oposición en la ciudad.

Su salida de la Fiscalía capitalina en 2023, tras no alcanzar la ratificación en el Congreso local, no la alejó del círculo de poder. Por el contrario, la llevó directamente al equipo de campaña de Sheinbaum, luego a la Consejería Jurídica y desde hace unos días al centro del aparato federal de procuración de justicia. Al frente de la FGR, Godoy será una funcionaria alineada 100% al proyecto presidencial, con conocimiento pleno de los expedientes sensibles y una relación directa con Palacio Nacional.

El segundo movimiento clave es la llegada de Esthela Damián a la Consejería Jurídica del Ejecutivo Federal. Damián es, para muchos en el entorno presidencial, la segunda abogada más cercana a Sheinbaum. Exdiputada local y federal, exsubsecretaria de Seguridad en la Ciudad de México y de Prevención de las Violencias con Omar García Harfuch, Damián ha sido una figura constante en la operación política y jurídica del grupo de Sheinbaum. Su paso por áreas de seguridad y su conocimiento del aparato administrativo le dan un perfil más operativo.

“Es tiempo de mujeres”, suele decir Sheinbaum para justificar algunos de sus nombramientos, aunque este, como el de Godoy, es un asunto de lealtades probadas. Por eso, a pesar de que sonó con fuerza el nombre de Arturo Zaldívar para ocupar la Consejería Jurídica, su promoción no se concretó. Zaldívar se mantiene en su posición actual, cercano al poder pero sin el control directo de la arquitectura legal del Ejecutivo. Sheinbaum prefirió cerrar filas con perfiles propios antes que ampliar el círculo con otros que no provienen directamente del movimiento.

Este rediseño contrasta con la triada con la que López Obrador inició su gobierno en 2018: Gertz Manero en la FGR, Alfonso Durazo en la Secretaría de Seguridad y Julio Scherer en la Consejería Jurídica. Aquella configuración estuvo marcada por tensiones, agendas paralelas y una falta evidente de coordinación. Durazo dejó la SSPC en octubre de 2020 para buscar la gubernatura de Sonora; Scherer salió de la Consejería Jurídica en septiembre de 2021, en medio de rupturas internas y señalamientos; y la FGR operó durante años como un poder prácticamente independiente del resto del gabinete de seguridad.

Los relevos posteriores intentaron corregir esa dispersión. Rosa Icela Rodríguez asumió la SSPC en noviembre de 2020, y María Estela Ríos González —actual ministra de la SCJN— llegó a la Consejería Jurídica tras la salida de Scherer. Aun así, la distancia con la Fiscalía se mantuvo.

Con Sheinbaum la apuesta es que la Fiscalía, la Consejería Jurídica y el gabinete de Seguridad queden articulados bajo una misma lógica política y estratégica. Con todo ese poder concentrado y alineado, las cosas no tendrían que salir mal. No pueden salir mal. Porque si fallan, ya no habrá margen para culpar a herencias. La responsabilidad será total.

El testimonio del representante comercial de Estados Unidos, Jamieson Greer, ante los comités de Medios y Finanzas del Senado estadounidense lanzó señales relevantes para México en la antesala de la revisión del T-MEC. Más allá del tono político habitual, el USTR puso sobre la mesa datos duros: las exportaciones de Estados Unidos a sus socios del tratado han crecido 56% y el acuerdo ha sido un factor central de certidumbre para la inversión y las cadenas de suministro en América del Norte.

En su exposición, Greer reconoció explícitamente los avances derivados de los acuerdos con México. En un contexto de presiones proteccionistas y de creciente preocupación por la seguridad económica, el USTR admite que el diálogo que ha permitido pasar de discusiones puntuales a conversaciones de carácter estructural, un punto clave rumbo al proceso de revisión conjunta del acuerdo.

Otro elemento fue la apertura del gobierno estadounidense a negociar tanto de manera bilateral como trilateral. Greer adelantó que Washington no descarta ajustes diferenciados, como lo ha anticipado el secretario Marcelo Ebrard, pero mantiene al T-MEC como el eje central de la relación comercial con México y Canadá, en lugar de apostar por una ruptura o por acuerdos aislados que fragmenten la región.

El mensaje de Greer sugiere que, aunque vendrán negociaciones complejas y exigencias adicionales —sobre reglas de origen, comercio con Asia y temas de seguridad económica—, el T-MEC no está en la cuerda floja. Al contrario, todo apunta a que seguirá siendo el marco de referencia del comercio regional, con ajustes, pero con continuidad.

La Comisión Federal de Electricidad (CFE) anunció un paquete de inversiones por 4 mil 328 millones de dólares (unos 81 mil millones de pesos) para reforzar la generación firme de electricidad en México a través de cinco proyectos estratégicos de centrales eléctricas que suman 2 mil 913.9 megawatts (MW) de nueva capacidad. El mayor de estos es la Central de Ciclo Combinado Francisco Pérez Ríos Tula II, en Hidalgo, con 1,013.8 MW, seguido por plantas en Guanajuato, Tamaulipas, Sinaloa y una unidad de generación en Baja California Sur, todas con ingeniería lista y contratos firmados para iniciar obras a corto plazo. La secretaria de Energía, Luz Elena González Escobar, expuso que estas inversiones contribuyen a asegurar que el Estado mantenga al menos 54 % de la generación eléctrica nacional, conforme a la ley vigente del sector.

El anuncio se inscribe en una serie de compromisos públicos de la CFE y la Secretaría de Energía desde el inicio del actual sexenio. En noviembre de 2024, la directora general de la CFE, Emilia Calleja Alor, presentó el Plan de Expansión 2025-2030, con una estrategia general de inversión de 23 mil 400 millones de dólares para fortalecer generación, transmisión y distribución, de los cuales 13 mil millones estaban destinados específicamente a generación eléctrica estatal, con proyectos diseñados para ampliar capacidad y confiabilidad del sistema nacional.

En agosto pasado se anunció que durante la administración de la presidenta Claudia Sheinbaum se destinarán 8 mil 177 millones de dólares a la construcción de 275 nuevas líneas de transmisión, junto con subestaciones y obras asociadas, en lo que se describió como una inversión histórica para modernizar la red y atender el crecimiento de la demanda en más de 50 millones de usuarios.

El Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, a cargo de Zoé Robledo, cerró el año con la asignación del procedimiento IA-50-GYR-050GYR975-I-22-2025, correspondiente al PNAEC VI, por 765.2 millones de pesos, la oferta económica más baja presentada en el concurso.

La empresa ganadora fue Provectus Tecnología, que suministrará 37,805 equipos de escritorio, 101 laptops intermedias y 115 laptops avanzadas, todos de la marca Hewlett-Packard. Se trata de uno de los paquetes de equipamiento tecnológico más relevantes del año dentro del sector público federal.

El proceso registró cinco participantes en la junta de aclaraciones y cuatro en la etapa de presentación de propuestas. El fallo confirmó que la adjudicación se definió por precio y cumplimiento técnico.

El equipamiento será destinado a la red de clínicas y hospitales del IMSS, con el objetivo de fortalecer la operación administrativa y médica. Con ello, el Instituto cierra 2025 con un avance concreto en infraestructura tecnológica, un rubro clave para la gestión interna y la atención a derechohabientes.

El dato de 40 mil 906 millones de dólares de Inversión Extranjera Directa que llegó a México entre enero y septiembre de 2025, si bien sorprendió por el bajo crecimiento de la actividad económica, comienza a tomar forma con información presentada por los estados del país. Parte de esos flujos se han dirigido a Baja California, uno de los estados que ha logrado capturar inversiones asociadas a la reconfiguración industrial y al nearshoring.

Ayer, la gobernadora Marina del Pilar Ávila expuso que Baja California se ubica como el cuarto estado con mayor captación de IED y como el primero a nivel nacional en anuncios de inversión. Detalló que los capitales se concentran principalmente en sectores de alto valor agregado como semiconductores, biotecnología, industria automotriz y aeroespacial, y aseguró que tres de las empresas globales más relevantes en semiconductores ya operan en la entidad. También reconoció que existe una rotación natural de empresas, con cierres y aperturas, pero sostuvo que el balance neto se mantiene positivo.

Document NFNRAS0020251218elci003pr




Merger Control 2026

Gustavo Alcocer 
6,072 words
18 December 2025
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2025 Mondaq Ltd 

Relevant Authorities and Legislation1. 

1.1 Who is/are the relevant merger authority(ies)? If relevant, please include details of: (i) independence from government; (ii) who the senior decision-makers are (e.g. Chair, Chief Executive, Chief Economists), how long they have been in position, and their professional background (lawyer, economist, academia, industry, professional services, politics, etc.); and (iii) any relevant key terms of appointment (e.g. duration of appointment) of those in leadership positions (such as Chair, Chief Executive, and Chief Economist).

As a result of the structural reform published in the Official Gazette (Diario Oficial de la Federación) on July 16, 2025, the Federal Economic Competition Commission (“COFECE”) was abolished. Additionally, the authority of the Federal Telecommunications Institute (“IFT”) to oversee economic competition matters related to the telecommunication sector was removed. The authority of those administrative bodies was fully transferred to the newly created National Antitrust Commission (Comisión Nacional Antimonopolio, “Commission” or “CNA”), which now acts as the sole authority responsible for competition law enforcement in Mexico.

The CNA has jurisdiction over all sectors, including telecommunications, broadcasting, energy, financial services, health care, and technology. It is a decentralised public agency derived from the Ministry of Economy, but with technical, operational and decision-making autonomy. It has its own legal personality and assets, and its decisions are made independently from the Executive Branch.

Senior decision-makers

The CNA has a Board, which serves as its highest decision-making body. The Board is composed of five Commissioners, including the Chairperson.

Commissioners are appointed on a staggered basis by the President of Mexico, subject to ratification by a majority of the Senators, or, during legislative recess, by the Permanent Commission. The Senate has a non-extendable period of 30 calendar days to issue a decision from the date the nomination of the candidate by the President is submitted. 

Each Commissioner serves a single, non-renewable term of seven years and may not be reappointed under any circumstances. 

The Chairperson is selected by the President from among the sitting Commissioners and appointed for a three-year term, renewable only once. If the Chair's appointment coincides with the final part of their Commissioner term, they may only serve the remainder of that term as Chair.

Pursuant to the Ninth Transitory Article of the July 16, 2025 Decree, the internal rules of procedure, organisational structure, and other secondary regulations necessary for the CNA's full operation must be issued by the Ministry of Economy within 180 calendar days following the appointment of all five Commissioners. 

As of August 2025, final appointments of the Commissioners are still pending Senate ratification.

1.2 What is the merger legislation?

Listed in order of hierarchy, the merger legislation in Mexico is as follows: (i) Article 28 of the Mexican Constitution, which establishes the antitrust prohibition, concentrations and the monopoly exception regime in the case of intellectual property (patents, trademarks and copyrights) and certain state monopolies (oil, electricity and the postal service, among others); (ii) international treaties to which Mexico is a party, containing antitrust provisions, including, among others, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”) and the European Union Free Trade Agreement (“EUFTA”), which include competition-related provisions; (iii) the Federal Antitrust Law (Ley Federal de Competencia Económica, as amended on July 16, 2025), together with its forthcoming implementing regulations and secondary rules issued by the CNA; (iv) the Federal Law for the Protection of Industrial Property; (v) the Federal Copyright Law; (vi) the Foreign Investment Law, which imposes sectoral limitations on foreign capital participation; (vii) the Federal Consumer Protection Law, which governs fair trade practices, advertising, and consumer rights; (viii) the Federal Criminal Code, which establishes sanctions for certain anticompetitive behaviours; (ix) the Federal Tax Code, which includes provisions relevant to reportable transactions and information sharing with authorities; and (x) the General Law of Business Companies, which governs corporate structures and corporate combinations subject to merger review.

1.3 Is there any other relevant legislation for foreign mergers?

There is no other legislation specifically applicable to foreign mergers from a competition or antitrust perspective. However, sector-specific limitations and approval requirements under the Foreign Investment Law still apply to certain strategic industries, such as energy, transportation, financial services, telecommunications, and broadcasting.

1.4 Is there any other relevant legislation for mergers in particular sectors (e.g. digital)?

No; however, sector-specific restrictions under the Foreign Investment Law may apply.

1.5 Is there any other relevant legislation for mergers which might not be in the national interest?

Apart from the aforementioned legislation in questions 1.2 and 1.4 above, there is no other relevant legislation for mergers in terms of economic competition and free commercial practices. However, the authorities have issued guides, guidelines, and opinions that clarify the procedures and criteria they apply in merger control transactions that must be reported.

Likewise, sectoral restrictions under the Foreign Investment Law remain applicable to foreign investors in certain strategic industries, such as energy, telecommunications, air transport, and satellite communications, which may indirectly affect the feasibility or structure of a merger.

Transactions Caught by Merger Control Legislation2. 

2.1 Which types of transaction are caught - in particular, what constitutes a “merger” and how is the concept of “control” defined?

The types of transactions caught under merger control provisions are subject to monetary threshold tests related to the value of each transaction or series of transactions. The Federal Antitrust Law defines a “merger or concentration” as any acquisition of control, or combination of legal entities or assets or capital (commercial or civil), including trusts or general asset combinations, among competitors, suppliers, customers, or any economic agents, that result in a transfer of control or influence in the relevant market.

On the other hand, the term “control” is not explicitly defined in the antitrust law; however, the Antitrust Authorities' Guidelines make reference to the definition of “control” set forth in the Securities Market Law. Under this definition, control is understood as the ability of an individual or group of individuals to: directly or indirectly influence decisions at general shareholders' meetings (or any equivalent governing body); appoint or remove the majority of a company's board members (or equivalent governing body); hold the majority of a company's voting rights; or, through share ownership, agreements, or other means, directly or indirectly determine the company's management, strategy, or principal policies.

2.2 Can the acquisition of a minority shareholding or other form of influence amount to a “merger”?

The acquisition of a minority shareholding does not constitute an exception under the antitrust law; therefore, if the transaction falls within the monetary thresholds mentioned in question 2.4 below, it will be subject to prior notification and clearance by the CNA.

2.3 Are joint ventures subject to merger control?

Yes. Joint ventures may qualify as reportable mergers if they meet the applicable monetary thresholds. Please refer to questions 2.1 and 2.4 for further details.

2.4 What are the jurisdictional thresholds for the application of merger control?

Pursuant to Article 86 of the Federal Antitrust Law (as amended in July 2025), the following transactions are subject to prior notification and clearance by the CNA, regardless of the place of execution:

When the transaction or a series of transactions results, directly or indirectly, in a transfer of assets or rights in Mexico with a value exceeding 16 million times the daily Unit of Measure and Update (“UMA”), equivalent to approximately USD?95,889,990.09.

When the transaction or a series of transactions results in the acquisition of 30% or more of the shares or assets of an economic agent, whose total assets or annual sales in Mexico exceed 16 million times UMA, also approximately USD?95,889,990.09.

When the transaction or series of transactions results in a transfer of assets or paid-in capital in Mexico exceeding 7.4 million times UMA (approximately USD?44,349,120.42), and two or more economic agents are involved, each or jointly holding assets or annual sales in Mexico exceeding 40 million times UMA (approximately USD?239,724,975.24).

In the third case, the first part refers to the value of the assets or shares to be acquired in Mexico, and the second part refers to the total assets or annual sales, either separately or combined, of the economic agents involved in the transaction. Both conditions must be met for the threshold to apply.

For these purposes, the daily UMA for 2025 is MXN $113.14 (USD?5.99), and the USD equivalent was calculated using the exchange rate of MXN $18.8783 per USD, as published by Mexico's Central Bank in the Official Gazette on August 5, 2025.

2.5 Does merger control apply in the absence of a substantive overlap?

Yes. Merger control in Mexico is mandatory when the monetary thresholds set forth in Article 86 of the antitrust law are met, regardless of whether the transaction involves a substantive overlap in markets or parties.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is no overlap the notification procedure may be simplified as referred in question 3.11. 

2.6 In what circumstances is it likely that transactions between parties outside your jurisdiction (“foreign-to-foreign” transactions) would be caught by your merger control legislation? Is there a specific local nexus test or safe harbour?

Merger control applies when the transaction, regardless of the place of execution, results in a direct or indirect economic impact in Mexico, such as the acquisition of assets, paid-in capital, or sales value exceeding the jurisdictional thresholds described in question 2.4.

There is no specific local nexus test defined in the statute, but the assessment is based on whether the transaction produces effects in Mexico, either through local sales, assets, or the participation of economic agents active in the Mexican market.

Similarly, there is no safe harbour provision exempting transactions that meet the thresholds solely because the parties are foreign. Notification is mandatory if the monetary thresholds are exceeded, regardless of the jurisdiction of the parties involved or the place of execution.

2.7 Please describe any mechanisms whereby the operation of the jurisdictional thresholds may be overridden by other provisions.

There are no such mechanisms in Mexican law.

2.8 Where a merger takes place in stages, what principles are applied in order to identify whether the various stages constitute a single transaction or a series of transactions?

The CNA may assess whether successive steps form part of a single transaction based on several substantive factors. These include: the relevant market; the existence of free and effective competition; the identification of the economic agents involved; the business rationale of the transaction; the timing between stages; the effects on competitors; and the commercial relationship between the entities involved.

Additionally, even if a merger takes place in stages, the CNA may consider the aggregate value of the combined acts for purposes of determining whether the thresholds described in question 2.4 are met.

Notification and its Impact on the Transaction Timetable3. 

3.1 Where the jurisdictional thresholds are met, is notification compulsory and is there a deadline for notification?

Yes, notification is mandatory when any of the thresholds outlined in Article 86 of the Federal Antitrust Law are met. To determine when in the timetable a merger needs to be notified, please refer to our response to question 3.6 below, which outlines that notification must be filed before completing the transaction and prior to certain events.

3.2 Please describe any exceptions where, even though the jurisdictional thresholds are met, clearance is not required.

Transactions are exempt from clearance, even when the monetary thresholds described in question 2.4 are exceeded, in the following cases:

when the transaction implies a corporate restructure involving only entities within the same economic interest group, and no third party participates in the merger;

when a shareholder increases its equity participation in a company over which it already has control from its incorporation or whose acquisition of control was previously authorised by the CNA;

when a trust is created (administrative or guarantee), whereby an economic agent contributes its assets, shares or equity interests, provided such contribution does not result in the transfer of such assets to any entity other than the settlor or the trustee. Nevertheless, upon enforcing a guarantee trust, notification is required if thresholds are met;

when the acquirer is an equity investment company and the purpose of the transaction is to acquire shares, debentures, securities, credit instruments or equity participations with proceeds obtained from a public offering of the investment company's stock, except if as a result of the transaction such investment company has a meaningful influence on the decision-making of the relevant economic agent;

in the acquisition of shares or instruments (including derivatives) representing equity in public companies, where: the purchaser acquires less than 10% of such assets; and does not gain authority to (a) appoint or remove board members, (b) impose decisions in shareholders' meetings, (c) vote 10% or more of the capital, or (d) influence management or strategy directly or indirectly; and

in any other case as set forth by secondary regulations.

3.3 Is the merger authority able to investigate transactions where the jurisdictional thresholds are not met? When is this more likely to occur and what are the implications for the transaction?

Yes. The CNA may investigate transactions that were not subject to mandatory notification when there is objective evidence suggesting they may have the purpose or effect of hindering, restricting, or distorting competition in the relevant market.

These investigations may be initiated ex officio, upon request from the Federal Executive, the Ministry of Economy, or any third party. The CNA has up to three years from the moment the transaction produces legal or material effects to initiate such a review.

Additionally, transactions that were notified and cleared may still be subject to investigation if: clearance was granted based on false or misleading information; or conditions imposed by the CNA were not fulfilled.

The implications for the transaction include potential uncertainty, delays, structural remedies, or monetary sanctions if anticompetitive effects are found. In serious cases, partial divestitures or behavioural remedies may be imposed.

3.4 Where a merger technically requires notification and clearance, what are the risks of not filing? Are there any formal sanctions?

Yes. When a merger exceeds the thresholds under Article 86 and is carried out without prior clearance, the Commission may initiate a verification process under Article 93 bis. If the violation is confirmed, it may: (i) order the partial or total divestiture of what has been improperly concentrated; (ii) declare the transaction null and void; (iii) deny registration in corporate books and public registries; and (iv) impose monetary sanctions.

These sanctions include fines ranging from 50,000 UMA to 8% of the economic agent's income. If the transaction had been previously objected to by the Commission and was nonetheless completed, fines may increase to 200,000 UMA and up to 15% of income.

3.5 Is it possible to carve out local completion of a merger to avoid delaying global completion?

Yes, it is possible to carve out local completion through the establishment of conditions precedent applicable to the perfection of mergers in Mexico, such as the issuance of a favourable resolution by the Commission.

3.6 At what stage in the transaction timetable can the notification be filed?

Notification must be filed prior to the completion of the transaction, and before any of the following events occur:

the underlying act is perfected under applicable law, or the condition precedent to which such act is subject is fulfilled;

control is acquired or exercised de facto or de jure over another entity, or before assets, trust interests, capital contributions or shares are acquired;

a merger agreement is signed without including a condition that clearance from the CNA must be obtained prior to its effectiveness; or

in the case of a succession of acts, before the last act that causes the thresholds under Article 86 to be exceeded becomes effective.

For foreign-to-foreign transactions, notification must occur before the transaction produces legal or material effects within Mexican territory.

3.7 What is the timeframe for scrutiny of the merger by the merger authority? What are the main stages in the regulatory process? Can the timeframe be suspended by the authority?

Once the notification is filed, the CNA has a period of 30 calendar days to issue a resolution. If the CNA does not issue a resolution within such period, the transaction will be approved by default (afirmativa ficta).

In exceptionally complex cases, the CNA may extend the resolution period by up to 20 additional calendar days, but only if the transaction does not involve a matter of national interest previously raised by the Federal Executive.

If the CNA requires additional information or documentation, the resolution period is deemed suspended until all requirements are fulfilled. Once this occurs, the 30-day term restarts.

It is worth pointing out that if a merger falls within the jurisdictional thresholds outlined in question 2.4, the resulting acts of a merger may not be filed at the Public Registry of Commerce (Registro Público de Comercio), executed in a public deed, or registered in the company's corporate books, until a favourable resolution of the Commission is obtained, or the resolution term lapses without objection by the Commission.

3.8 Is there any prohibition on completing the transaction before clearance is received or any compulsory waiting period has ended? What are the risks of completing before clearance is received? Have penalties been imposed in practice?

Yes. If the referred thresholds are met, economic agents must obtain clearance prior to completing the transaction as stated in question 3.6 above. Otherwise, the acts carried out will be considered null and void, without prejudice to the administrative, civil or criminal liability of the economic agents, of the individuals who ordered or contributed to the execution of the transaction, and of any notary public who intervened. Legal acts concerning the merger shall not be registered in the company's corporate books, formalised under a public deed, nor registered in the Public Registry of Commerce, until a favourable resolution is obtained or the statutory deadline lapses without objection from the Commission.

Likewise, failure to notify a reportable transaction may result in a fine of up to 8% of the economic agent's income, or up to 15% if the merger was completed despite prior objection by the Commission.

As to penalties imposed in practice, these are common so it is advisable to include the merger control clearance as a condition precedent for closing.

3.9 Is a transaction which is completed before clearance is received deemed to be invalid? If so, what are the practical consequences? Can validity be restored by a subsequent clearance decision?

Yes. As referenced in question 3.8, if a transaction subject to mandatory notification is completed before receiving clearance, the acts are deemed null and void. Additionally, such conduct may give rise to administrative, civil or criminal liability for the involved parties and any notary public who formalised the transaction.

Even if the economic agents cure all breaches and file all requirements, the CNA may consider the validity of the notification restored; however, the early violation remains, and sanctions still applies. 

3.10 Where notification is required, is there a prescribed format?

The notice shall be made in writing through a free form writ, in which a copy of the underlying agreements shall be enclosed. Such writ must include, among others, the names of the relevant parties, their financial statements of the last fiscal year, their market share, and any additional information through which the merger is documented.

3.11 Is there a short form or accelerated procedure for any types of mergers? Are there any informal ways in which the clearance timetable can be speeded up?

The law does not provide for an accelerated procedure per se; however, if at the time of filing the notice the parties provide as much information as available, such as analyses, reports, evidence, etc., to support the fact that such a merger will notably not result in diminishing, damaging or preventing competition, the Commission may expedite the issuance of the resolution.

In order to speed up the clearance timetable, close contact and lobbying with the staff at the Commission is highly recommended; this frequently results in a more expedited process and is a good way of anticipating additional information requests.

3.12 Who is responsible for making the notification?

The parties participating in the underlying merger are jointly responsible for filing the notification and appointing a sole representative. In addition, when the parties cannot for any reason provide the notice, the merging entity, the party acquiring control of the corporation, or the entity intending to enter into the transactions or to aggregate the shares, equity interest, trust interests or assets, are responsible for filing the notice.

3.13 Are there any fees in relation to merger control? When are these payable?

Yes. A government filing fee must be paid for the reception, study and processing of the merger notice. As of August 2025, the applicable fee is of MXN $247,820.00 (USD 13,127.24).

The fee is payable at the time the notification is submitted.

3.14 What impact, if any, do rules governing a public offer for a listed business have on the merger control clearance process in such cases?

There is no impact; however, listed companies have a detailed and broad disclosure standard, facilitating the determination of notice thresholds.

3.15 Are notifications published?

Yes. The authority publishes all merger notifications on its website; however, the parties involved in the transaction may request to keep certain details of it as confidential.

Substantive Assessment of the Merger and Outcome of the Process4. 

4.1 What is the substantive test against which a merger will be assessed?

The parties are subject to scrutiny in order to determine whether, as a result of the concentration, the parties would obtain or increase substantial power or joint substantial power in the relevant market, could fix prices, materially restrict competitors' access to the relevant market, or engage in illicit monopolistic practices. The analysis also considers whether the concentration generates sustained market efficiencies that outweigh any potential anticompetitive effects and improve consumer welfare.

4.2 To what extent are efficiency considerations taken into account?

Efficiency considerations are taken into account by the Commission when reviewing concentrations, provided that the parties present evidence of market efficiencies that would result from the transaction and have a favourable impact on the process of competition and free market access. In addition, the parties must demonstrate that such efficiencies will specifically derive from the concentration, will continuously outweigh any potential anticompetitive effects in the relevant market, and will result in an improvement to consumer welfare.

4.3 Are non-competition issues (e.g. employment, economic policy, investment and economic growth) taken into account in assessing the merger?

Non-competition issues such as employment, economic policy, investment, or economic growth are generally not part of the substantive test under the LFCE. The Commission focuses its assessment on competition-related factors. However, in specific cases, it may consider information on such issues when they are directly linked to market efficiencies or other competition-related effects.

4.4 What is the scope for the involvement of third parties (or complainants) in the regulatory scrutiny process?

As a general rule, the law allows third parties to submit written complaints regarding mergers and alleged monopolistic practices. Once a claim is filed and during the scrutiny process, the Commission will not grant access to the case file, and only entities with legal standing will be entitled to access such information during the procedure.

4.5 What information gathering powers (and sanctions) does the merger authority enjoy in relation to the scrutiny of a merger? Is there a requirement to provide internal documents as part of the filing?

When exercising its powers, the Commission may request from the relevant parties information deemed material (including documentation, books and records, information generated in electronic, optic or in any other media or technology), as well as summon those involved in the corresponding cases for the purposes of merger scrutiny, and request and verify information from third parties, including competitors and clients, among others. Additionally, the Commission has the power to conduct verification visits at its discretion, with the assistance of the public force and federal, state or municipal authority.

4.6 During the regulatory process, what provision is there for the protection of commercially sensitive information?

Any information filed before the Commission or obtained by it during an investigation process will be classified as reserved, confidential or public. Reserved information is that which is available only to those entities with legal standing in the investigation process; confidential information refers to information that, if disclosed to any entity with legal standing in the investigation process, such disclosure will result in damages to the disclosing party. Confidential information will only be treated as such if the disclosing party requests so. The Commission, each of its Commissioners on an individual basis, its Executive Secretary, and any public officer of the Commission must refrain from revealing reserved or confidential information relating to the files or administrative procedures that are part of a legal proceeding, as this may cause damage to the underlying parties, until the investigated party has been notified of a resolution, on the understanding that the information will continue to be classified or confidential.

The End of the Process: Remedies, Appeals and Enforcement5. 

5.1 How does the regulatory process end?

The regulatory process concludes with a resolution by the Commission, or the expiration of the applicable term to issue their resolution.

5.2 Where competition problems are identified, is it possible to negotiate remedies which are acceptable to the parties?

Yes, provided that such remedies are agreed upon, parties are notified by the Commission prior to the issuance of the resolution. The Commission may notify the parties of the criteria that must be met (e.g. excessive terms for non-compete provisions) and which parties need to comply with the set criteria to allow for the favourable resolution to be issued.

5.3 Are there any (formal or informal) policies on the types of remedies which the authority will accept, including in relation to vertical mergers?

According to the law, the Commission is authorised to impose or accept remedies only if they are directly related to addressing the merger effects that may diminish, damage or impede free competition. These conditions must be proportionate to the corrective action required, for example:

Perform a specific action or refrain from doing so; split, spin-off or transfer specific assets, rights, social interests, or shares to third parties.

Alter or remove terms or conditions of the intended actions the economic agents plan to undertake.

Require execution of actions designed to encourage competitor participation in the market, including granting access to or selling goods or services to them.

5.4 To what extent have remedies been imposed in foreign-to-foreign mergers? Are national carve-outs possible and have these been applied in previous deals?

Conditions have been imposed by the Commission in both foreign-to-foreign mergers and cross-border mergers, relating to non-compete provisions in scope and term, divestiture of certain assets and/or business units, among others. In such cases, remedies may be proposed and implemented by the parties as necessary to comply with the conditions and ensure that no antitrust conduct is present. On the other hand, national carve-outs may apply under specific circumstances.

5.5 At what stage in the process can the negotiation of remedies be commenced? Please describe any relevant procedural steps and deadlines.

During the assessment period and prior to the issuance of the final resolution, the negotiation of remedies may be initiated. While there is no formalised procedure for such negotiations, any agreed remedies must be settled before the resolution is issued. In practice, parties may submit proposals during the review phase to address potential competition concerns identified by the Commission.

5.6 If a divestment remedy is required, does the merger authority have a standard approach to the terms and conditions to be applied to the divestment?

No, the divestment remedy is customarily resolved as a condition precedent to clearing the merger notice.

5.7 Can the parties complete the merger before the remedies have been complied with?

Yes, but only in the case of post-closing remedies. Under the CNA's practice, remedies may be classified as pre-closing (to be fulfilled before the transaction is implemented) or post-closing remedies (which may be complied with after closing). If the remedies are pre-closing, the transaction cannot be completed until they are fully implemented and receive clearance from the authority. If they are post-closing, the parties may proceed with closing but remain bound to comply within the agreed timeframe and scope.

5.8 How are any negotiated remedies enforced?

Once a remedy is approved, the authority grants the economic agents a term to comply with it. Negotiated remedies must be complied with in order to avoid a negative resolution by the Commission or the revocation of a granted authorisation. Likewise, failure to comply with the remedies may trigger sanctions and, where applicable, the CNA may order partial or total divestitures. 

5.9 Will a clearance decision cover ancillary restrictions?

On a case-by-case basis, there can be orders for ancillary restrictions to be resolved prior to a clearance decision or to be set as conditions precedent to the clearance decision becoming effective.

5.10 Can a decision on merger clearance be appealed?

The decisions of the Commission can be appealed through administrative recourse, Nullity Trial (Juicio de Nulidad) and/or Amparo Trial (Juicio de Amparo).

5.11 What is the time limit for any appeal?

To file an administrative recourse and/or an Amparo Trial, the economic agents have a 15-business-day term counted from the date the resolution was notified; and for the Nullity Trial, the parties have a 30-business-day term, also counted from the date the resolution was notified.

5.12 Is there a time limit for enforcement of merger control legislation?

The authority of the Commission to initiate proceedings that may result in the application of sanctions expires 10 years after the date on which the illicit or non-authorised merger was carried out, or in other cases, from the date on which the prohibited conduct ceased.

For mergers that do not require prior notification, the Commission may not investigate them after three years from their completion date.

Miscellaneous6. 

6.1 To what extent does the merger authority in your jurisdiction liaise with those in other jurisdictions?

Mexico is a party to international treaties and arrangements to cooperate in competition enforcement matters, among which are USMCA, EUFTA, and treaties with the European Free Trade Association, Japan, Korea and USA. Such treaties and arrangements include commitments related to international coordination and cooperation matters.

6.2 What is the recent enforcement record of the merger control regime in your jurisdiction?

Mergers, acquisitions or alliances between companies of a certain size and/or value of sales can affect consumers if the result is a considerable concentration of power in the market and, therefore, they must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Commission. Pursuant to the official information of the COFECE, in May 2024, the Commission imposed a fine of MXN $58 million (approximately USD 3,102,765.74) to six economic agents in the oil and gas industry sector for not notifying two mergers. This case illustrates the Commission's active enforcement of prior notification obligations and its willingness to apply significant monetary sanctions for non-compliance.

6.3 Are there any proposals for reform of the merger control regime in your jurisdiction?

No, there are currently no proposals for a reform of the merger control regime in Mexico. The most recent reform to the Federal Economic Competition Law entered into force on July 16, 2025.

6.4 Please identify the date as at which your answers are up to date.

The answers are up to date as at August 5, 2025.

Is Merger Control Fit for Digital Services & Products, Including AI?7. 

7.1 In your view, are the current merger control tools suitable for dealing with digital mergers?

As the digital economy grows and the globalisation of digital business expands, we are challenged to rethink competition occurring in the digital space, as it relates to overall antitrust conduct and practices including merger control tools. One of the challenges is the geographic expansion of markets based on users' consumption preference in the digital world. 

In Mexico, as in other jurisdictions, there is increasing debate in this area, as the demographic potential of Mexico's population is huge in the digital space. We are seeing more and more disruptive players and industries changing the landscape of competition, such as 360-degree e-commerce, including financial services. In Mexico, there are a range of concerns that draw the regulator's eye and that we are currently observing closely, for example: consumers' privacy; competition; and suppliers and owners of digital content interaction.

As of today, we believe Mexico needs to implement a more specific approach to merger control tools focused on digital mergers. The most recent reform to the Federal Economic Competition Law, enacted in July 2025, did not include specific provisions on digital mergers, so this remains an open debate.

Additionally, it is important to note that digital mergers, unlike traditional ones, are often valued not by tangible assets but by access to data, technology, and user bases. This creates an additional challenge for the authority, as the methodology to measure their impact on competition is not always fully developed. Therefore, any discussion about the adequacy of the current tools should also consider whether the evaluation metrics and assessment criteria in Mexican law need to be updated to properly address intangible assets in the context of merger review.

7.2 Have there been any changes to law, process or guidance in relation to digital mergers (or are any such changes being proposed or considered)?

As stated above, there have been debates regarding digital mergers in Mexico; however, none of them have resulted in any change to Mexican legislation. As the digital market continues to expand, it will be necessary to make such changes but always bearing in mind the inherent characteristics of a “digital” environment in order to guarantee the effectiveness of the law.

7.3 In your view, have any cases highlighted the difficulties of dealing with digital mergers? How has the merger authority dealt with such difficulties?

In recent years, there have been several cases that have been resolved by the former authority (COFECE) that address the challenges of assessing mergers in digital markets. For instance, in Walmart-Cornershop, the Commission identified potential exclusionary conduct and risks from the strategic use of sensitive data, ultimately denying clearance. In contrast, other transactions involving digital platforms and fintech companies, such as Banamex, Inbursa, Pagos Móviles, Privalia, Grupo Axo, PayClip, and Konfio were authorised after concluding that they were unlikely to produce significant adverse effects.

These cases illustrate the authority's ability to analyse digital business models and assess risks arising from platform control and data use. While the authority has so far had the technical capacity to handle such cases, it recognises that digital markets are constantly growing and evolving, creating new forms of product and service exchanges. In response to this dynamism, the authority's strategic planning emphasises the need to continuously strengthen its analytical tools, technical expertise, and market understanding. However, despite these concerns, there has not been any change to the Mexican merger framework.

Originally published by ICLG

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2025 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Mr Gustavo Alcocer

OLIVARES

Pedro Luis Ogazon 17

Col. San Angel

Mexico City

C.P. 01000

MEXICO

Tel: 555322 3000

Fax: 555322 3001

E-mail: Evangelina.villafuerte@olivares.mx

URL: www.olivares.com.mx

Document BBPUB00020251218elci0005z




Executive Order Tracker

Littler Mendelson 
20,161 words
18 December 2025
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2025 Mondaq Ltd 

Littler's Executive Order Tracker is your go-to resource for staying up to date on executive orders issued by the Trump administration. For the First 100 Days, we tracked every order, analyzing its impact, and providing summaries to help you understand the changes and the implications to your business. Beginning May 1, 2025, only those orders that impact compliance with labor and employment directives are included. In addition, only labor and employment orders in this tracker are identified with a topic.

The First 100 Days

December 11, 2025

Ensuring a National Policy Framework for Artificial Intelligence

(AI and Technology)

The order establishes within the Department of Justice an “AI Litigation Task Force” charged with challenging state AI laws on the grounds that they are unconstitutional regulations of commerce, preempted by federal regulations, or otherwise unlawful. The order then directs the Commerce Department to adopt a policy halting any remaining funding under the Broadband Equity Access and Deployment Act to states that have laws in conflict with the order. The Federal Communications Commission is directed to determine whether the federal government should adopt a federal reporting and disclosure standard that preempts conflicting laws. Finally, the order directs the Federal Trade Commission to adopt a policy statement explaining how state laws that require alterations to truthful outputs of AI models are preempted by federal law prohibiting deceptive acts or practices that affect commerce, and calls on the White House Office of Legislative Affairs to prepare a legislative recommendation for a uniform national framework to regulate AI and preempt state law in conflict with the order.

LITTLER'S TAKE:  President Signs Executive Order to Limit State Regulation of Artificial Intelligence

Protecting American Investors from Foreign-Owned and Politically-Motivated Proxy Advisors

(Employee Benefits)

The executive order calls for increased federal oversight of proxy advisory firms that influence shareholder voting in major U.S. companies. It instructs the Securities and Exchange Commission to review and potentially revise regulations related to proxy advisors and shareholder proposals. It also directs federal agencies to review and potentially limit the influence of proxy advisors on diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives. The order also calls for the Federal Trade Commission to investigate potential anticompetitive or deceptive practices by proxy advisors, and for the Department of Labor to strengthen fiduciary standards and transparency for retirement plans using proxy advisory services. The order further directs the Secretary of Labor to take appropriate action to “enhance transparency” with the use of proxy advisors, particularly with regards to DEI and ESG investment practices.

September 19, 2025

Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers

(Immigration)

This proclamation temporarily restricts the entry of foreign nationals seeking H-1B visas for specialty occupations unless their petitions are accompanied by a $100,000 payment, with exceptions allowed if deemed in the national interest. It responds to concerns that the H-1B program, originally designed to supplement the U.S. workforce with high-skilled talent, has been widely used to replace American workers with lower-paid labor, particularly in the IT sector, contributing to wage suppression, job displacement, and national security risks. The proclamation directs federal agencies to implement procedures for verifying payments, enforcing compliance, and preventing misuse of visa categories. It also calls for rulemaking to revise prevailing wage levels and prioritize admission of high-skilled, high-paid workers. The restriction is set to last 12 months from its effective date, with a review for possible extension. 

LITTLER'S TAKE:  White House Proclamation Imposes $100,000 H-1B Fee: Immediate Action Items

September 19, 2025

The Gold Card

(Immigration)

This executive order establishes the "Gold Card" program, an immigration initiative aimed at expediting visa eligibility for foreign nationals who demonstrate both the ability and intent to advance U.S. interests. Administered by the Department of Commerce in coordination with the Departments of State and Homeland Security, the program allows individuals or entities to qualify through a substantial voluntary financial contribution—$1 million for individuals and $2 million for corporations or similar entities—which is treated as evidence of exceptional business ability and national benefit under existing immigration law. The funds are designated to support American commerce and industry, and the order outlines procedures for implementation, including application processing, fee structures, and potential expansion, while ensuring compliance with legal and security standards.

September 16, 2025

Establishing an Emergency Board To Investigate Disputes Between the Long Island Rail Road Company and Certain of Its Employees Represented by Certain Labor Organizations

(Labor Management Relations)

This Executive Order establishes an Emergency Board under the Railway Labor Act to investigate ongoing labor disputes between the Long Island Rail Road Company and several unions representing its employees. The board, composed of three members appointed by the President, is tasked with reporting its findings within 30 days. During the 120-day period following the board's formation, neither party may alter the conditions that led to the dispute unless both sides agree. The goal is to provide a neutral, structured process to help resolve the conflict without disrupting rail services.

August 28, 2025

Further Exclusions from the Federal Labor-Management Relations Program

(Labor Management Relations)

This executive order determines that certain federal agencies and subdivisions, primarily involved in intelligence, counterintelligence, investigative, or national security work, are excluded from coverage under the federal labor-management relations programs outlined in Chapter 71 of Title 5 of the U.S. Code. It amends an executive order from March 27, 2025 to add specific units, including the Bureau of Reclamation, the Department of Commerce, the International Trade Administration, the Patent and Trademark Office, NOAA, NASA, and the U.S. Agency for Global Media, to the list of exclusions. This means that employees in these units will no longer be able to engage in collective bargaining through federal unions. The order also extends the deadline for related orders from the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs and clarifies that it does not create enforceable rights for any party.

August 7, 2025

Democratizing Access to Alternative Assets for 401(K) Investors

(Employee Benefits)

This executive order seeks to expand access to alternative assets—such as private equity, real estate, and digital investments—for Americans participating in defined-contribution retirement plans such as 401(k)s. The order argues that current regulations and litigation risks discourage fiduciaries from offering these investment options, limiting diversification and potential returns for retirement savers. The order directs the Department of Labor to review and potentially revise existing guidance under ERISA to support broader inclusion of alternative assets. The order also calls for collaboration with the SEC to explore regulatory changes that could ease access to these investments. The overarching goal is to align individual retirement plans more closely with the investment strategies used by institutional investors. The order emphasizes that all actions must comply with existing laws and budgetary constraints.

July 24, 2025

Saving College Sports 

(Labor Management Relations)

This executive order addresses the evolving challenges facing collegiate athletic programs and highlights concerns about the sustainability of college sports following the removal of limits on athlete compensation, recruiting incentives, and transfer rules. The order acknowledges the importance of maintaining increased benefits for student-athletes while emphasizing the need for balanced regulations to preserve the viability of non-revenue sports. To support this goal, the order establishes policies aimed at expanding scholarship opportunities and roster spots in women's and non-revenue sports. It also discourages third-party pay-for-play arrangements that may divert resources away from non-revenue programs, while allowing fair market compensation for endorsements and similar activities. The Secretary of Education, in coordination with other federal officials, is directed to develop a plan to implement these policies through regulatory, enforcement, and funding mechanisms. Additionally, the Secretary of Labor and the National Labor Relations Board are tasked with clarifying the employment status of student-athletes to ensure alignment with educational objectives. To protect college athletics from legal challenges, the Attorney General and the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission are instructed to review and revise litigation strategies and policies. The order also calls for consultation with Olympic and athletic organizations to safeguard the role of collegiate sports in preparing athletes for international competition.

July 23, 2025

Preventing Woke AI in the Federal Government

(Discrimination and Harassment & IED)

This executive order establishes guidelines for the federal procurement of large language models (LLMs) to ensure they produce accurate and ideologically neutral outputs. It emphasizes the importance of trustworthy AI in supporting how Americans learn, access information, and make decisions. The order outlines two core principles for AI used by federal agencies: (1) truth-seeking, requiring LLMs to prioritize factual accuracy and objectivity, and (2) ideological neutrality, requiring that models avoid embedding partisan or ideological perspectives unless explicitly prompted by the user. To implement these principles, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), in coordination with other federal entities, is directed to issue guidance within 120 days. This guidance will provide flexibility for vendors, allow for transparency without disclosing sensitive technical data, and outline when exceptions may apply, such as for national security systems.

Federal agencies will be required to include these principles in new contracts for LLMs and, where feasible, revise existing contracts. Agencies must also establish procedures to ensure compliance within 90 days of the OMB's guidance. The order builds on prior federal efforts to promote trustworthy AI and applies specifically to AI systems procured for government use, without regulating private sector AI development.

May 1, 2025

Establishment of the Religious Liberty Commission

(Discrimination and Harassment)

This executive order was issued to reinforce the protection of religious liberty in the US. It establishes the Religious Liberty Commission to identify and address threats to religious freedom, promote awareness, and advise on policies to protect this right. The Commission will produce a comprehensive report on various topics related to religious liberty, including the First Amendment rights of pastors, religious leaders, houses of worship, faith-based institutions, and religious speakers; the First Amendment rights of teachers, students, military chaplains, service members, employers, and employees; conscience protections in healthcare and vaccine mandates; parents' authority to direct the care, upbringing, and education of their children, including the right to choose a religious education; voluntary prayer and religious instruction at public schools; and the free exercise of faith without fear of government censorship or retaliation. The Commission will advise the White House Faith Office and the Domestic Policy Council on religious liberty policies and recommend steps to secure domestic religious liberty through executive or legislative actions.

April 29, 2025

Addressing Certain Tariffs On Imported Articles

This executive order addresses the issue of overlapping tariffs imposed on certain articles to protect national security and address various threats. It establishes that tariffs should not have a cumulative effect when applied to the same article, as this would exceed the necessary rate to achieve policy goals. The order outlines specific procedures to determine which tariffs apply when an article is subject to multiple tariffs, ensuring that only one tariff is applied in such cases. Additionally, it clarifies that the order does not affect the validity of the individual actions imposing these tariffs, nor does it alter the application of other duties, taxes, or fees. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with other relevant officials, is tasked with implementing the necessary changes to enforce this policy.

April 28, 2025

Strengthening and Unleashing America's Law Enforcement to Pursue Criminals and Protect Innocent Citizens

This executive order aims to support state and local law enforcement by providing resources, legal defense, and best practices to effectively combat crime and protect communities. It emphasizes the importance of empowering law enforcement officers and ensuring they are not hindered by local policies that may impede their duties. The order directs the Attorney General to create mechanisms for legal support, review consent decrees, and utilize national security assets to assist law enforcement. It also calls for holding state and local officials accountable for obstructing law enforcement and engaging in discriminatory practices. The order includes provisions for implementation and emphasizes the goal of maintaining safe and law-abiding communities.

Protecting American Communities from Criminal Aliens

This executive order emphasizes federal authority over immigration, national security, and foreign policy. It aims to address public safety and national security risks associated with illegal immigration and the presence of criminal organizations at the southern border. The order directs the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security to identify and notify states and local jurisdictions that obstruct federal immigration law enforcement. It outlines consequences for these "sanctuary" jurisdictions, including potential suspension of federal funds and legal actions to ensure compliance. The order also seeks to prevent federal benefits for individuals in sanctuary jurisdictions and ensure equal treatment of American citizens. It includes provisions for implementation and emphasizes the importance of restoring enforcement of U.S. law.

Enforcing Commonsense Rules of the Road for America's Truck Drivers

(Workplace Safety)

This executive order mandates English proficiency for commercial motor vehicle drivers. The order emphasizes the importance of truck drivers being able to read traffic signs, communicate with safety officials, and provide feedback in English to ensure road safety. It rescinds previous guidance on English language proficiency testing and enforcement, and directs the Secretary of Transportation to revise inspection procedures and out-of-service criteria to enforce compliance. Additionally, the order aims to strengthen commercial driver's license security and improve the working conditions of truck drivers.

April 24, 2025

Unleashing America's Offshore Critical Minerals and Resources

This executive order aims to accelerate the responsible development of seabed mineral resources, quantify the United States' endowment of seabed minerals, spearhead associated extraction and processing technologies, and ensure secure supply chains for defense, infrastructure, and energy sectors. The order tasks several agencies with expediting the exploration, characterization, collection, and processing of seabed mineral resources.

Strengthening Probationary Periods in the Federal Service

(Federal Employees)

This executive order asserts that that federal agencies have not been utilizing federal employee probationary and trial periods as effectively as they could to remove appointees whose continued employment is not in the public interest, and that the regulations at subpart H of part 315 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, which purport to limit agency action with respect to employees serving a probationary period, are not statutorily required. The executive order promulgates a new Civil Service Rule XI that will supersede subpart H. Under the new rule, agencies must affirmatively determine that the continued employment of individuals serving probationary or trial periods would benefit the federal service before the individuals' appointments are finalized.

April 23, 2025

Advancing Artificial Intelligence Education for American Youth

This executive order aims to ensure the US remains a leader in AI by equipping its youth with necessary skills and understanding. It emphasizes early exposure to AI concepts to foster curiosity and creativity, preparing students for future workforce participation and innovation. The order establishes a White House Task Force on Artificial Intelligence Education to coordinate federal efforts and implement policies promoting AI literacy and proficiency. It also introduces a Presidential Artificial Intelligence Challenge to encourage student and educator achievements in AI and foster collaboration across sectors. The order calls for public-private partnerships to develop AI educational resources and improve K-12 education through AI. Additionally, it prioritizes AI training for educators and promotes AI-related registered apprenticeships to enhance workforce readiness.

Restoring Equality of Opportunity and Meritocracy

(Discrimination and Harassment & IED)

This executive order aims to restore equality of opportunity and meritocracy by eliminating the use of disparate-impact liability. It emphasizes treating individuals equally under the law, without race- or sex-based favoritism, and promotes merit-based decisions in employment and other areas. The order directs federal agencies to deprioritize enforcement of regulations that include disparate-impact liability and mandates the repeal or amendment of related Title VI regulations. Within 45 days of the date of the order, the Attorney General and the Chair of the EEOC shall assess all pending investigations, civil suits, or positions taken in ongoing matters under every federal civil rights law within their respective jurisdictions, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, that rely on a theory of disparate-impact liability, and shall take appropriate action with respect to such matters consistent with the policy of this order. Overall, it seeks to uphold the principles of the Civil Rights Movement by ensuring that success is determined by individual effort and achievement.

LITTLER'S TAKE:Reinstating Common Sense School Discipline Policies Trump Administration Moves to Eliminate Federal Government's Use of Disparate Impact Theory Liability

This executive order aims to eliminate school discipline practices based on discriminatory equity ideology, which have been found to compromise student safety and well-being. It rescinds previous guidance that required schools to consider racial disparities in discipline, instead emphasizing discipline based on objective behavior. The order mandates new guidance to prevent racial discrimination in school discipline and calls for coordination among various federal and state agencies to ensure compliance. It also requires a comprehensive report on the impact of discriminatory equity-based discipline practices and proposes model policies to promote common sense and safety in schools.

Preparing Americans for High-Paying Skilled Trade Jobs of the Future

(Workplace Training)

This executive order aims to enhance America's reindustrialization and economic growth by equipping workers with the skills needed to produce world-class products and technologies. It consolidates fragmented Federal workforce development programs to better align with high-demand jobs. The order mandates a comprehensive review of these programs to identify opportunities for integration, reform, and investment in emerging industries. It also focuses on expanding Registered Apprenticeships and improving transparency and accountability in workforce development outcomes. Overall, the order seeks to optimize Federal investments to support the evolving needs of the American workforce.

White House Initiative to Promote Excellence and Innovation at Historically Black Colleges and Universities

This executive order aims to enhance the role of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) in advancing educational and economic opportunities, and to support their capacity to provide high-quality education. The order establishes the White House Initiative on HBCUs, which will collaborate with various stakeholders, including federal agencies, private-sector employers, and philanthropic organizations, to strengthen HBCUs through improved planning, infrastructure, and professional development opportunities for students. The initiative also seeks to enhance HBCUs' capabilities by supporting the implementation of the HBCU PARTNERS Act, promoting innovation, and fostering partnerships to improve research and program excellence. Additionally, the President's Board of Advisors on HBCUs will be established to advise on related matters, and the Department of Education will provide support for the board. The executive order revokes a previous order from 2021 and outlines the accountability and implementation measures for the initiative.

Reforming Accreditation to Strengthen Higher Education

This executive order aims to reform the accreditation system for higher education in the United States. It criticizes accreditors for approving low-quality institutions and for focusing on discriminatory practices rather than student outcomes. The order highlights that many accredited programs offer poor returns on investment, leaving students in debt. It mandates the Secretary of Education to hold accreditors accountable for unlawful actions, including discrimination under the guise of "diversity, equity, and inclusion" standards. The order also calls for new principles of accreditation that emphasize high-quality education, intellectual diversity, and the elimination of credential inflation. Additionally, it seeks to increase competition among accreditors and streamline processes to ensure institutions are not forced to comply with standards that conflict with their values and missions.

Transparency Regarding Foreign Influence at American Universities

This executive order mandates that higher education institutions must disclose significant foreign funding sources to ensure transparency and protect American interests. It highlights past failures in reporting foreign gifts and emphasizes the need for robust enforcement of Section 117 of the Higher Education Act. The Secretary of Education is directed to reverse previous actions that allowed secrecy, require detailed disclosures, and ensure public access to information. Compliance with these requirements is tied to eligibility for federal grant funds, and non-compliance will result in enforcement actions.

April 17, 2025

Restoring American Seafood Competitiveness

This executive order aims to reduce regulatory restrictions on the the U.S. commercial fishing industry and make the U.S. less dependent on imported seafood. The Secretary of Commerce must identify the most heavily regulated fisheries and take appropriate action to reduce the regulatory burden, in cooperation with the Regional Fishery Management Councils, interagency partners, and through public-private partnerships. The Secretary and the United States Trade Representative, in consultation with members of the Interagency Seafood Trade Task Force, must assess seafood competitiveness issues and jointly develop a comprehensive seafood trade strategy.

April 16, 2025

Ensuring Commercial, Cost-Effective Solutions in Federal Contracts

The executive order aims to enhance the efficiency of federal procurement by prioritizing commercially available products and services over custom or non-commercial solutions. It mandates a review of current procurement practices to ensure compliance with the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act and requires agencies to report their progress to the Office of Management and Budget within 120 days. The order also establishes a framework for oversight and accountability, with approval authorities responsible for evaluating and approving non-commercial procurement proposals.

April 15, 2025

Ensuring National Security and Economic Resilience Through Section 232 Actions on Processed Critical Minerals and Derivative Products

This executive order underscores the critical role of processed critical minerals in national security and economic resilience and highlights the vulnerabilities in global supply chains and the risks posed by reliance on a limited number of foreign suppliers, which could impair U.S. national security and economic stability. The executive order calls for an investigation under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 to assess whether imports of these minerals and their derivative products threaten national security. The Secretary of Commerce is tasked with considering measures such as tariffs, import restrictions, and other policies to incentivize domestic production and recycling to mitigate these risks.

Restoring Common Sense to Federal Office Space Management

This executive order suggests that suburban and rural areas may be underserved by federal facilities. The executive order revokes two previous orders: Executive Order 12072, which prioritized central business districts for federal facilities, and Executive Order 13006, which encouraged locating facilities in historic properties within central cities. These revocations aim to allow federal agencies to choose facilities based on cost-effectiveness, enhancing their operational efficiency. The order directs the Administrator of General Services to amend relevant federal regulations to align with this new policy. Additionally, agencies using federally owned or leased space under different authorities must conform to this order, as long as it is consistent with applicable law.

Lowering Drug Prices by Once Again Putting Americans First

The executive order aims to lower prescription drug prices. The order requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to propose and seek comment on guidance for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program for initial price applicability year 2028 and manufacturer effectuation of maximum fair price under the program in 2026, 2027, and 2028. The guidance must improve the transparency of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, prioritize the selection of prescription drugs with high costs to the Medicare program, and minimize any negative impacts of the maximum fair price on pharmaceutical innovation within the United States. The order also mandates the development of a payment model to obtain better value for high-cost drugs in Medicare. Additionally, the order calls for streamlining drug importation processes and improving transparency in pharmacy benefit manager fee disclosures. 

Restoring Common Sense to Federal Procurement

This executive order is intended to reform the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). The order requires the Administrator of the Office of Federal Public Procurement Policy, the FAR Council, and the heads of agencies, and appropriate senior acquisition and procurement officials from agencies, to take appropriate actions to amend the FAR to ensure that it contains only provisions that are required by statute or that are otherwise necessary to support simplicity and usability, strengthen the efficacy of the procurement system, or protect economic or national security interests.

April 9, 2025

Modifying Defense Acquisitions and Spurring Innovation in the Defense Industrial Base

This executive order focuses on reforming the defense acquisition processes to enhance the United States military's capabilities. It emphasizes the need for a comprehensive overhaul to deliver state-of-the-art capabilities efficiently and effectively. It requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a plan to reform acquisition processes within 60 days, emphasizing the use of commercial solutions and streamlining decision-making. Additionally, it directs a reform of the acquisition workforce, including restructuring performance evaluation metrics and establishing field training teams. A comprehensive review of major defense acquisition programs is mandated, with potential cancellation for programs significantly behind schedule or over budget.

Addressing Risks from Susman Godfrey

This executive order addresses concerns that the law firm Susman Godfrey allegedly engages in activities detrimental to American interests, including by maintaining illegal DEI programs. The order mandates the suspension of security clearances for individuals at Susman Godfrey, reviews government contracts with the firm, and requires disclosure of any business with Susman Godfrey by government contractors. It also calls for limiting access to federal buildings for Susman Godfrey employees and refraining from hiring them without a waiver. 

Directing the Repeal of Unlawful Regulations

(Legislative and Regulatory, Labor Management Relations, Wage and Hour, Discrimination and Harassment & IED, Whistleblowing and Corporate Ethics)

Citing Executive Order 14219 (Ensuring Lawful Governance and Implementing the President's “Department of Government Efficiency” Deregulatory Initiative), which directed the heads of all executive departments and agencies to identify certain categories of unlawful and potentially unlawful regulations within 60 days and begin plans to repeal them, this executive order requires that the review-and-repeal effort must prioritize evaluating each existing regulation's lawfulness under the following United States Supreme Court decisions:

Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, 603 U.S. 369 (2024);

West Virginia v. EPA, 597 U.S. 697 (2022);

SEC v. Jarkesy, 603 U.S. 109 (2024);

Michigan v. EPA, 576 U.S. 743 (2015);

Sackett v. EPA, 598 U.S. 651 (2023);

Ohio v. EPA, 603 U.S. 279 (2024);

Cedar Point Nursery v. Hassid, 594 U.S. 139 (2021);

Students for Fair Admissions v. Harvard, 600 U.S. 181 (2023);

Carson v. Makin, 596 U.S. 767 (2022); and

Roman Cath. Diocese of Brooklyn v. Cuomo, 592 U.S. 14 (2020).

In repealing these regulations, the executive order directs agency heads to finalize rules without notice and comment, where doing so is consistent with the “good cause” exception in the Administrative Procedure Act. 

Reducing Anti-Competitive Regulatory Barriers

(Labor Management Relations, Wage and Hour, Government Contractors)

This executive order requires agency heads, in consultation with the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and the Attorney General, to complete a review of all regulations subject to their rulemaking authority and identify those that: (1) create, or facilitate the creation of, de facto or de jure monopolies; (2) create unnecessary barriers to entry for new market participants; (3) limit competition between competing entities or have the effect of limiting competition between competing entities; (4) create or facilitate licensure or accreditation requirements that unduly limit competition; (5) unnecessarily burden the agency's procurement processes, thereby limiting companies' ability to compete for procurements; or (6) otherwise impose anti-competitive restraints or distortions on the operation of the free market. Agencies must then make recommendations regarding repeal or amendment of the impacted regulations.

Restoring America's Maritime Dominance

This executive order establishes a comprehensive Maritime Action Plan (MAP) designed to strengthen U.S. maritime industries. The executive order creates a Maritime Security Trust Fund, serving as the financial backbone of the MAP, and a financial incentives program to stimulate private investment in domestic shipbuilding.

Zero-Based Regulatory Budgeting to Unleash American Energy

This executive order directs specified agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA); the Department of Energy (DoE); the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC); and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) to incorporate a sunset provision into their regulations governing energy production to the extent permitted by law, thus compelling those agencies to reexamine their regulations periodically to ensure that those rules serve the public good. Each covered regulation (those implementing the list of federal statutes specified in the executive order) in effect on the date of this order must have a Conditional Sunset Date of one year after the effective date of the sunset rule.

Reforming Foreign Defense Sales to Improve Speed and Accountability

This executive order instructs the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to develop a list of priority partners for conventional arms transfers and prioritize end-items for potential transfer to those partners. It also instructs the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State, along with the Secretary of Commerce, to submit a plan to the President within 90 days that improves defense sales transparency via accountability metrics, secures exportability as a requirement earlier in the acquisition cycle, and consolidates the sale approvals process.

Maintaining Acceptable Water Pressure in Showerheads

This executive order calls for the repeal of the regulation defining “showerhead” and directs the Secretary of Energy to publish in the Federal Register a notice rescinding Energy Conservation Program: Definition of Showerhead, 86 Fed. Reg. 71797 (December 20, 2021), including the definition of “showerhead” codified at 10 C.F.R. 430.2. The rescission takes effect 30 days from the date of publication of the notice.

Modifying Reciprocal Tariff Rates to Reflect Trading Partner Retaliation and Alignment

This executive order focuses on the modification of reciprocal tariff rates in response to trading partner retaliation. It addresses the national emergency declared due to significant U.S. trade deficits and outlines the authority to adjust the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS) to ensure effective trade measures. It modifies HTSUS to increase tariffs on imports from the People's Republic of China (PRC), a temporary 10% additional duty on imports from certain trading partners, and details specific amendments to tariff headings, such as increasing the duty rate to 125% for certain goods. It also outlines increases in de minimis tariff rates and postal item duties, with implementation directed by the Secretaries of Commerce and Homeland Security, and the U.S. Trade Representative.

April 8, 2025 

Amendment to Reciprocal Tariffs and Updated Duties as Applied to Low-Value Imports from the People's Republic of China

This executive order amends tariffs and duties on low-value imports from China in response to China's retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods. It increases tariffs on specific goods and postal items to address the national security and economic threat posed by large trade deficits. The order directs relevant departments and agencies to implement these changes and ensure compliance with applicable laws. It emphasizes the importance of protecting U.S. economic interests and maintaining fair trade practices.

Strengthening the Reliability and Security of the United States Electric Grid

This executive order addresses the increasing electricity demand driven by technological advancements, such as AI data centers and domestic manufacturing. It aims to ensure the reliability, resilience, and security of the electric power grid by utilizing all available power generation resources. The order directs the Secretary of Energy to streamline processes for issuing emergency orders, develop a methodology for analyzing reserve margins, and establish protocols to retain critical generation resources. It emphasizes the importance of a reliable energy supply for national and economic security and technological innovation.

Protecting American Energy From State Overreach

The executive order aims to enhance American energy dominance by removing barriers to the development and use of domestic energy resources, including oil, natural gas, coal, hydropower, geothermal, biofuel, critical minerals, and nuclear energy. It addresses concerns about state and local regulations that may exceed their authority and negatively impact energy production and national security. The order directs the Attorney General to identify and take action against state laws that burden energy resources and recommends further actions to ensure compliance with federal law. It emphasizes the importance of affordable and reliable energy for national and economic security.

Reinvigorating America's Beautiful Clean Coal Industry and Amending Executive Order 14241

This executive order aims to enhance American energy dominance by removing barriers to the development and use of domestic energy resources, including oil, natural gas, coal, hydropower, geothermal, biofuel, critical minerals, and nuclear energy. It addresses concerns about state and local regulations that may exceed their authority and negatively impact energy production and national security. The order directs the Attorney General to identify and take action against state laws that burden energy resources and recommends further actions to ensure compliance with federal law. Additionally, it emphasizes the importance of affordable and reliable energy for national and economic security, including supporting the infrastructure needed for artificial intelligence (AI) data centers. The order calls for identifying regions where coal-powered infrastructure can support AI data centers and assessing the potential for expanding coal-based infrastructure to meet the electricity needs of AI and high-performance computing operations.

April 4, 2025

Extending the TikTok Enforcement Delay

This executive order extends the enforcement delay of the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications Act, specifically affecting TikTok, until June 19, 2025. During this period, the Department of Justice will not enforce the Act or impose penalties for noncompliance related to TikTok. The Attorney General is directed to issue guidance and letters to providers, including TikTok, stating there has been no violation of the statute during the specified period. The order emphasizes the exclusive authority of the Executive to enforce the Act and aims to protect national security interests. It includes provisions to ensure implementation aligns with existing laws and does not create new legal rights.

April 2, 2025

Further Amendment to Duties Addressing the Synthetic Opioid Supply Chain in the People's Republic of China as Applied to Low-Value Imports

This executive order addresses the issue of deceptive shipping practices by shippers based in the People's Republic of China (PRC) that contribute to the synthetic opioid crisis in the United States. It suspends the duty-free treatment for certain low-value products from the PRC and Hong Kong, requiring them to be subject to duties when imported into the United States. The order outlines the procedures for assessing and collecting these duties, including specific duty rates and bond requirements for carriers transporting these goods. It also empowers the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies to implement and enforce the order, and mandates a report on its impact within 90 days. 

Regulating Imports with a Reciprocal Tariff to Rectify Trade Practices that Contribute to Large and Persistent Annual United States Goods Trade Deficits

This executive order declares a national emergency due to large and persistent U.S. goods trade deficits, which are seen as a threat to national security and the economy. The order attributes these deficits to non-reciprocal trade practices, disparate tariff rates, and non-tariff barriers by U.S. trading partners, which have led to the decline of U.S. manufacturing and defense-industrial capacity. To address this, the order imposes an additional ad valorem duty on imports, starting at 10%, with specific rates for certain trading partners. The order also details exceptions and implementation measures, including the role of various government departments in enforcing the new tariffs and the potential for further modifications based on the effectiveness of these measures and any retaliatory actions by trading partners.

March 31, 2025

Combating Unfair Practices in the Live Entertainment Market

This executive order aims to address issues in the live concert and entertainment industry caused by ticket middlemen who impose high fees and use unfair methods to acquire and resell tickets at inflated prices. It directs the Attorney General and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to enforce competition laws, ensure price transparency, and prevent unfair practices in the ticketing market. Additionally, the FTC is tasked with collaborating with state officials and taking necessary actions to regulate the industry. A report on the implementation of these measures is to be submitted within 180 days.

Establishing the United States Investment Accelerator

(Legislative and Regulatory)

The executive order aims to streamline and modernize regulatory processes to attract domestic and foreign investment in the United States. The order notes that complex and overlapping federal, state, and local regulations significantly delay construction and hamper investment, permitting, and site selection. It establishes the United States Investment Accelerator office within the Department of Commerce to facilitate investments over $1 billion by helping investors navigate regulatory processes and by reducing regulatory burdens, increasing access to national resources, and facilitating research collaborations. The Investment Accelerator will also work with state governments to reduce regulatory barriers.

March 28, 2025

Making the District of Columbia Safe and Beautiful

This executive order was issued to enhance the safety, cleanliness, and beauty of Washington, D.C., the nation's capital. The order establishes the D.C. Safe and Beautiful Task Force to coordinate efforts among federal and local agencies to fight crime, enforce immigration laws, and improve public safety. It also mandates a program to beautify the city, including restoring monuments, removing graffiti, and ensuring clean public spaces. The Secretary of the Interior is directed to lead these beautification efforts and coordinate with other officials and local entities. The order emphasizes the importance of making Washington, D.C. a safe, welcoming, and inspiring place for residents, commuters, and tourists.

March 27, 2025

Exclusions from Federal Labor-Management Relations Programs

(Labor Management Relations)

An executive order was issued to enhance national security by excluding certain agencies and subdivisions from federal labor-management relations programs. The order identifies specific departments and their subdivisions that primarily perform intelligence, counterintelligence, investigative, or national security work. The order also amends previous executive orders to include additional exclusions and outlines the specific agencies and subdivisions affected. The order significantly impacts collective bargaining by suspending the application of federal labor-management relations statutes to the specified agencies and subdivisions. This means that employees in these areas will no longer be able to engage in collective bargaining through federal unions. The Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs are delegated authority to suspend these exclusions if they certify that collective bargaining can be applied in a manner consistent with national security requirements. Similarly, the Secretary of Transportation is granted authority to exclude subdivisions from labor-management relations coverage to ensure the safety and integrity of the national transportation system. The order also includes provisions for reassignment of employees and termination of agency participation in pending grievance proceedings for those previously part of a bargaining unit but now excluded.

Restoring Truth and Sanity to American History

This executive order addresses concerns about historical revisionism and ideological influences on federal sites dedicated to history, including parks and museums. The order aims to restore these sites to reflect America's heritage and progress. It establishes policies to remove divisive narratives and improper ideologies from the Smithsonian Institution and other historical sites. The Vice President, in consultation with other officials, will work to ensure future appropriations to the Smithsonian prohibit expenditure on exhibits that degrade shared American values or promote divisive ideologies. The order also mandates improvements to Independence National Historical Park and reviews of public monuments to ensure they appropriately represent American history.

Addressing Risks From WilmerHale

This executive order addresses concerns about certain large law firms, particularly WilmerHale, that allegedly engage in activities detrimental to American interests. The order mandates the suspension of security clearances for individuals at WilmerHale, reviews government contracts with the firm, and requires disclosure of any business with WilmerHale by government contractors. It also calls for limiting access to federal buildings for WilmerHale employees and refraining from hiring them without a waiver. 

March 25, 2025

Protecting America's Bank Account Against Fraud, Waste, and Abuse

This executive order highlights the federal government's role in processing trillions of dollars annually, with transactions flowing into and out of the United States General Fund. The document identifies the Department of the Treasury as the largest financial payment manager but notes its lack of sufficient controls to track transactions. It emphasizes the threat of financial fraud to the integrity of federal programs and the fragmentation of disbursing authority, which leads to expensive and duplicative financial reporting. Key findings include the policy to defend against financial fraud and improper payments by increasing transparency and accountability. The document mandates the Treasury Verification of Agency Payments Information to ensure all payments are subject to pre-certification verification processes. It requires agency heads to review and modify their systems of records under the Privacy Act of 1974. The order also calls for the consolidation of core financial systems to comply with federal accounting standards and the reduction of Non-Treasury Disbursing Offices (NTDOs). 

Addressing Risks from Jenner & Block

This executive order addresses the risks associated with law firm, Jenner & Block, citing involvement in partisan representations, diversity policies, and other pro bono activities. The order suspends security clearances and ceases government provisions to Jenner & Block. It requires government contractors to disclose business with the firm and whether the business is related to the government contract. The order requires federal agencies to the extent permitted by law to take steps to terminate any contract for which the firm has been hired to perform any service. The order also includes measures to limit access to Federal Government buildings and restrict hiring of Jenner employees to protect national security.

Preserving and Protecting the Integrity of American Elections

This executive order aims to enhance the integrity of U.S. elections. It mandates state governments to comply with federal laws to safeguard voting rights and maintain accurate voter registration lists. The order emphasizes enforcing the citizenship requirement for federal elections, improving the security of voting systems, and ensuring compliance with federal laws regarding the national election day, including limitations on counting mail-in or absentee ballots that arrive after Election Day. It directs federal agencies to assist states in verifying voter eligibility and prosecuting election crimes. Additionally, the order seeks to prevent foreign interference in elections by enforcing laws that prohibit foreign nationals from contributing to U.S. elections.

Modernizing Payments To and From America's Bank Account

(Government Contractors)

This executive order mandates the transition from paper-based payments to electronic payments for all Federal disbursements and receipts to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance security. Effective September 30, 2025, the Secretary of the Treasury will cease issuing paper checks for Federal payments, and all executive departments and agencies must comply by transitioning to electronic funds transfer (EFT) methods. Exceptions will be granted for individuals without access to banking services, certain emergency payments, and specific national security or law enforcement activities. The order also includes a public awareness campaign and coordination with financial institutions to support the transition. Agency heads are required to submit compliance plans to the Office of Management and Budget within 30 days of this order. Within 180 days the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an implementation report to the President.

March 24, 2025

Imposing Tariffs on Countries Importing Venezuelan Oil

The executive order addresses a national emergency concerning Venezuela, citing the actions of the Maduro regime and the Tren de Aragua gang as threats to U.S. national security and foreign policy. It maintains existing sanctions and, effective April 2, 2025, introduces a 25% tariff on goods from countries importing Venezuelan oil. The order also mandates periodic reports on the effectiveness of the tariffs and the conduct of the Maduro regime.

March 20, 2025

Addressing Remedial Action by Paul Weiss

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

This executive order rescinds Executive Order 14237, signed March 14, 2025, which suspended security clearances for individuals at Paul Weiss, would potentially terminate contracts with the firm, and limited their access to federal buildings and government employees. This action came after Paul Weiss agreed to provide pro bono legal services in support of the current administration's causes and to adopt politically neutral policies.

Stopping Waste, Fraud, and Abuse by Eliminating Information Silos

(Unemployment)

This executive order mandates that agency heads ensure federal officials have access to unclassified agency records and data to eliminate waste, fraud, and abuse. It requires that within 30 days, agency heads rescind or modify barriers to inter- and intra-agency sharing of unclassified information and data sharing. It further mandates reviews of classified information policies to prevent unnecessary classification and supersedes prior orders that hinder information sharing. The order also grants the Secretary of Labor immediate access to unemployment data from the Department of Labor's Office of Inspector General.

Eliminating Waste and Saving Taxpayer Dollars by Consolidating Procurement

This executive order aims to consolidate agency procurement functions under the General Services Administration (GSA) to enhance efficiency, reduce duplication, and save taxpayer dollars with the goal of streamlining procurement processes and eliminating wasteful spending. Agency heads are required to submit proposals to the GSA within 60 days to consolidate the procurement of common goods and services. The GSA will then develop a comprehensive plan to manage these procurements across the government. This consolidation is expected to reduce redundancy and improve the efficiency of procurement operations.

Immediate Measures to Increase American Mineral Production

This executive order aims to end the United States' dependence on critical minerals produced by other countries by facilitating domestic mineral production. Specified federal agencies are directed to identify and expedite the approval process for mineral production projects. This includes streamlining permitting processes and removing regulatory barriers that may hinder the development of these projects.

Improving Education Outcomes by Empowering Parents, States, and Communities

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

This executive order requires the Secretary of Education to take the necessary steps to facilitate the closure of the Department of Education (DOE) and return authority over education to the states and local communities. The Secretary must also ensure that the allocation of any DOE funds is subject to rigorous compliance with federal law and administration policy, including the requirement that any program or activity receiving federal assistance terminate DEI programs as well as programs related to gender identity. (Note: in order to effectuate the full closure of the DOE, Congress must also pass a law mandating the closure; legislation to this effect has been introduced.)

March 18, 2025

Achieving Efficiency Through State and Local Preparedness

This executive order emphasizes the role of state and local governments in enhancing preparedness and national security and resilience through infrastructure investments, supported by the federal government. Key actions include: (1) within 90 days, develop a National Resilience Strategy to be reviewed every four years; (2) within 180 days, update Critical Infrastructure and National Continuity Policies; (3) within 240 days, review and update Preparedness and Response Policies and create a National Risk Register. Within one year of this order, the Secretary of Homeland Security will propose policy changes and implement to ensure state and local governments and individuals understand the federal role and improve communications.

March 15, 2025

Invocation of the Alien Enemies Act Regarding the Invasion of The United States by Tren De Aragua

This executive order invokes the Alien Enemies Act against Tren de Aragua (TdA), a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, due to its infiltration and hostile activities within the United States. TdA is associated with the Cártel de los Soles, a group linked to the Nicolas Maduro regime in Venezuela, and is involved in various criminal activities. The proclamation declares that Venezuelan citizens aged 14 or older, who are members of TdA and present in the U.S., are subject to apprehension and removal as Alien Enemies. It outlines the legal framework for these actions and establishes regulations for the seizure of property used in hostile activities.

March 14, 2025

Continuing the Reduction of the Federal Bureaucracy

The executive order aims to reduce the scope of the federal bureaucracy by eliminating non-statutory components and functions of certain governmental entities including the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, the Minority Business Development Agency, US Agency for Global Media, the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in the Smithsonian, the Institue of Museum and Library Services, the US Interagency Counseil on Homelessness, and the Community Development Financial Institutions fund. It directs these entities to minimize their statutory functions and personnel to the extent required by law. The order mandates a review of budget requests to ensure compliance and rejects funding inconsistent with the order's objectives. It includes provisions to ensure implementation aligns with existing laws and does not create new legal rights.

Addressing Risks from Paul Weiss 

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

This executive order aims to end government sponsorship of activities by the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP (Paul Weiss) that are deemed harmful to American interests. It directs the suspension of security clearances for individuals at Paul Weiss, reviews and potentially terminates contracts with the firm, and limits their access to federal buildings and engagement with government employees. The order also addresses concerns about racial discrimination and ensures implementation aligns with existing laws and does not create new legal rights.

Additional Recissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D, Labor Management Relations, Wage and Hour)

This executive order revokes several executive actions from the previous administration to advance the policy of restoring common sense to the federal government and empowering American citizens. It rescinds orders related to COVID-19 response, foreign policy, human rights, minimum wage for federal contractors, energy supply, infant formula, solar modules, insulation, electrolyzers, fuel cells, heat pumps, biotechnology, defense supply chains, worker empowerment, tribal funding, apprenticeships, and investments in American workers.

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Decreases Minimum Wage for Federal Contractors

March 7, 2025

Restoring Public Service Loan Forgiveness

This executive order revises the PSLF Program to exclude individuals working for organizations involved in illegal activities, such as violating immigration laws, supporting terrorism, child abuse, illegal discrimination, and other unlawful acts. The Secretary of Education, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, will propose these revisions to ensure the program aligns with national security and public interest goals.

Establishing The White House Task Force on the FIFA World Cup 2026

This executive order establishes a White House Task Force to coordinate preparations for the FIFA Club World Cup 2025 and the FIFA World Cup 2026, which the United States will host. The Task Force, chaired by the President and vice-chaired by the Vice President, will include various government officials and agencies to ensure a coordinated effort. The Department of Homeland Security will provide administrative support. The Task Force will focus on planning, organization, and execution of the events, with agencies required to submit reports on their activities by June 1, 2025. The Task Force will terminate on December 31, 2026, unless extended.

March 6, 2025

Establishment of the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve and United States Digital Asset Stockpile

This executive order establishes a Strategic Bitcoin Reserve and a US Digital Asset Stockpile to manage the nation's digital assets. The Secretary of the Treasury is tasked with creating and administering these reserves, which will include Bitcoin and other digital assets obtained through forfeiture proceedings. The order outlines strategies for acquiring additional Bitcoin without imposing costs on taxpayers and mandates a review of legal and investment considerations. Agencies are required to provide a full accounting of their digital assets to facilitate the transfer to these reserves. The order emphasizes responsible stewardship and compliance with applicable laws.

Amendment to Duties to Address the Flow of Illicit Drugs Across Our Southern Border

3/6/2025 AMENDMENT3/2/2025 AMENDMENT2/3/2025 EO No. 141982/1/2025 EO No. 14194: The amendment to Executive Order 14194 adjusts tariffs on Mexican goods to minimize disruption to the U.S. automotive industry and workers. It exempts certain Mexican goods from additional tariffs and reduces the tariff on potash from 25% to 10%. These changes take effect on March 7, 2025. The order also includes provisions to ensure it does not affect the authority of executive departments or the functions of the Office of Management and Budget.

: The amendment to Executive Order Nos. 14194 and 14198 specifies that duty-free treatment for certain provisions will cease once the Secretary of Commerce confirms that systems are in place to efficiently process and collect applicable tariff revenue. Pursuant to EO No. 14198, on March 4, 2025 at 12:01 a.m. EST, tariffs of 25% are scheduled to take effect.

: This follow-up executive order acknowledged Mexico's recent efforts to mitigate these issues and paused the implementation of additional tariffs on Mexican products until March 4, 2025. 

: This executive order was issued to address the influx of undocumented immigrants and illicit drugs, which pose significant threats to public health and safety in the United States. The memorandum expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the failure of Mexico to control drug trafficking organizations (DTOs) and human traffickers. It imposes additional tariffs on Mexican products and directs federal agencies to take necessary actions to enhance enforcement and cooperation.

Establishment of the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve and United States Digital Asset Stockpile

The executive order establishes a Strategic Bitcoin Reserve and a United States Digital Asset Stockpile to manage the government's holdings of Bitcoin and other digital assets, which are acquired through criminal or civil asset forfeiture proceedings. The Secretary of the Treasury is tasked with creating offices to oversee the reserves. Within 30 days of the order, agencies must review authorities to transfer any Bitcoin or other digital assets supply to the new Strategic Bitcoin Reserve or United States Digital Asset Stockpile and report their holdings of these assets. The Reserve will be maintained as reserve assets and not sold. The order also directs the development of budget-neutral strategies for acquiring additional Bitcoin without incurring costs to taxpayers, and the Secretary of the Treasury, within 60 days of the order, will deliver an evaluation of the legal and investment considerations for managing these reserves.

Addressing Risks from Perkins Coie LLP

(Discrimination and Harassment)

An executive order was issued to address concerns about the law firm Perkins Coie LLP, citing its involvement in activities that allegedly undermine democratic elections and engage in discriminatory practices. The order directs the suspension of security clearances for individuals at Perkins Coie, reviews government contracts with the firm, and mandates investigations into its hiring and promotion practices. It also calls for limiting access to federal buildings and refraining from hiring Perkins Coie employees unless a waiver is granted. Additionally, the order instructs the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to review the practices of large law firms for compliance with non-discrimination laws, particularly regarding race-based and sex-based hiring and promotion practices. The order emphasizes compliance with non-discrimination laws and national security interests.

Amendment to Duties to Address the Flow of Illicit Drugs Across Our Northern Border

3/6/2025 AMENDMENT3/2/2025 AMENDMENT2/3/2025 EO No. 141972/1/2025 EO No. 14193: The amendment to Executive Order 14193 adjusts tariffs on Canadian goods to minimize disruption to the U.S. automotive industry and workers. It exempts certain Canadian goods from additional tariffs and reduces the tariff on potash from 25% to 10%. These changes take effect on March 7, 2025. The order also includes provisions to ensure it does not affect the authority of executive departments or the functions of the Office of Management and Budget.

: The amendment to Executive Order Nos. 14193 and 14197 specifies that duty-free treatment for certain provisions will cease once the Secretary of Commerce confirms that systems are in place to efficiently process and collect applicable tariff revenue. Pursuant to EO No. 14197, on March 4, 2025 at 12:01 a.m. EST, tariffs of 25% and 10% on energy products are scheduled to take effect.

: This follow-up executive order acknowledged Canada's recent efforts to mitigate these issues and paused the implementation of additional tariffs on Canadian products until March 4, 2025. 

: This executive order addresses the influx of illicit opioids and other drugs, which pose a significant threat to public health and safety in the United States. The order expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the northern border and imposes additional tariffs on Canadian products to compel cooperation in combating drug trafficking. It directs federal agencies to review and take necessary actions to enhance border security and reduce the flow of illicit drugs.

March 5, 2025

Honoring Jocelyn Nungaray

This Executive Order renames the Anahuac National Wildlife Refuge to the Jocelyn Nungaray National Wildlife Refuge in honor of Jocelyn Nungaray, a young girl who was murdered in 2024. The Secretary of the Interior is directed to update all relevant references and documents to reflect this change within 30 days.

March 3, 2025

Further Amendment to Duties Addressing the Synthetic Opioid Supply Chain in the People's Republic of China

3/3/2025 AMENDMENT: The amendment to Executive Order Nos. 14195 and 14200 increases tariffs from 10% to 20% due to the PRC's alleged inadequate steps to address the illicit drug crisis.

2/7/2025 AMENDMENT (EO No. 14200): The amendment to Executive Order No. 14195 specifies that duty-free treatment will cease once the Secretary of Commerce confirms that systems are in place to efficiently process and collect applicable tariff revenue.

2/1/2025 EO No. 14195: This executive order was issued to address the influx of synthetic opioids, which have severe consequences on public health and safety in the United States. The memorandum expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the failure of the People's Republic of China (PRC) to control the export of precursor chemicals and support transnational criminal organizations involved in drug trafficking. It imposes additional tariffs on PRC products and directs federal agencies to take necessary actions to enhance enforcement and cooperation.

March 2, 2025

Amendment to Duties to Address the Situation at our Southern Border

3/2/2025 AMENDMENT: The amendment to Executive Order Nos. 14194 and 14198 specifies that duty-free treatment for certain provisions will cease once the Secretary of Commerce confirms that systems are in place to efficiently process and collect applicable tariff revenue. Pursuant to EO No. 14198, on March 4, 2025 at 12:01 a.m. EST, tariffs of 25% are scheduled to take effect.

2/3/2025 EO No. 14198: This follow-up executive order acknowledged Mexico's recent efforts to mitigate these issues and paused the implementation of additional tariffs on Mexican products until March 4, 2025.

2/1/2025 EO No. 14194: This executive order was issued to address the influx of undocumented immigrants and illicit drugs, which pose significant threats to public health and safety in the United States. The memorandum expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the failure of Mexico to control drug trafficking organizations (DTOs) and human traffickers. It imposes additional tariffs on Mexican products and directs federal agencies to take necessary actions to enhance enforcement and cooperation.

Amendment to Duties to Address the Flow of Illicit Drugs Across Our Northern Border

3/2/2025 AMENDMENT: The amendment to Executive Order Nos. 14193 and 14197 specifies that duty-free treatment for certain provisions will cease once the Secretary of Commerce confirms that systems are in place to efficiently process and collect applicable tariff revenue. Pursuant to EO No. 14197, on March 4, 2025 at 12:01 a.m. EST, tariffs of 25% and 10% on energy products are scheduled to take effect.

2/3/2025 EO No. 14197: This follow-up executive order acknowledged Canada's recent efforts to mitigate these issues and paused the implementation of additional tariffs on Canadian products until March 4, 2025.

2/1/2025 EO No. 14193: This executive order addresses the influx of illicit opioids and other drugs, which pose a significant threat to public health and safety in the United States. The order expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the northern border and imposes additional tariffs on Canadian products to compel cooperation in combating drug trafficking. It directs federal agencies to review and take necessary actions to enhance border security and reduce the flow of illicit drugs.

March 1, 2025

Designating English as the Official Language of The United States

(Discrimination and Harassment, Legislative and Regulatory)

This order designates English as the official language of the United States. Emphasizes that a unified national language promotes societal cohesion and civic engagement. The order revokes Executive Order 13166, which aimed to improve access to services for those with limited English proficiency, but allows agencies to continue providing services in other languages if necessary. The Attorney General is tasked with updating guidance to align with this new order.

Immediate Expansion of American Timber Production

This order emphasizes the importance of timber production for the nation's well-being and economic security. It criticizes federal policies that have hindered domestic timber production, leading to reliance on foreign imports. The order directs the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture to issue new guidance to increase timber production and streamline forest management. It also calls for strategies to expedite forestry project approvals and reduce regulatory burdens. The goal is to enhance domestic timber production, create jobs, and improve forest management to prevent wildfires.

Addressing the Threat to National Security from Imports of Timber, Lumber

This order highlights the importance of the wood products industry to national security and economic strength. Addresses vulnerabilities in the wood supply chain due to reliance on imported timber and lumber. The order directs the Secretary of Commerce to investigate the national security impact of these imports and assess the feasibility of increasing domestic production. It also calls for recommendations to mitigate threats, including potential tariffs and strategic investments. The goal is to ensure a reliable and resilient domestic supply chain for timber and lumber.

February 26, 2025

Implementing the President's "Department of Government Efficiency" Cost Efficiency Initiative

(Federal Contractors)

This executive order aims to enhance transparency and accountability in federal spending on contracts, grants, and loans. It mandates the creation of a centralized technological system to record and justify payments, reviews existing contracts and grants for efficiency, and freezes non-essential travel and credit card use for 30 days. The order also requires agencies to update real property inventories and consider terminating unnecessary leases. Exemptions are provided for law enforcement, immigration enforcement, the military, and other critical areas.

February 25, 2025

Making America Healthy Again by Empowering Patients with Clear, Accurate, and Actionable Healthcare Pricing Information

(Employee Benefits)

This executive order aims to enhance transparency in healthcare pricing to empower patients and reduce costs. It builds on previous regulations requiring hospitals and health plans to disclose pricing information. The order directs federal agencies to enforce these transparency requirements, ensuring prices are clear and comparable. It emphasizes the need for accurate price information to help patients make informed healthcare decisions and aims to improve the overall quality and affordability of the healthcare system.

Addressing the Threat to National Security from Imports of Copper

This executive order mandates an investigation into the national security impact of copper imports, highlighting the critical role of copper in defense, infrastructure, and emerging technologies. It directs the Secretary of Commerce to assess the current and projected demand for copper, the extent of domestic production capabilities, and the risks associated with foreign supply chains. The order also calls for recommendations on actions to mitigate threats, including potential tariffs or incentives to boost domestic production. The goal is to ensure a reliable, secure, and resilient domestic copper supply chain.

February 19, 2025

Ending Taxpayer Subsidization of Open Borders

(Immigration)

This executive order directs federal agencies to ensure that taxpayer-funded benefits are not provided to individuals who are not in the United States legally. It emphasizes the importance of protecting taxpayer resources and ensuring that benefits are reserved for American citizens in need. The order requires a review of federally funded programs to align them with existing laws, mandates enhanced verification systems to prevent ineligible individuals from accessing these benefits, and requires agencies to report any improper use of federal resources to the appropriate authorities. Within 30 days, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Administrator of the United States DOGE Service are tasked with recommending further actions to align federal spending with the order's purpose.

Commencing the Reduction of the Federal Bureaucracy

The executive order aims to reduce the size of the federal government by eliminating non-statutory components and functions of certain governmental entities. It requires these entities to: (1) minimize their statutory functions and personnel; and (2) submit a report within 14 days confirming compliance and identifying remaining functions that are statutorily required. The order also rescinds a Presidential Memorandum of November 13, 1961 (Need for Greater Coordination of Regional and Field Activities of the Government) and mandates the termination of certain federal advisory committees and the Presidential Management Fellows Program. Additionally, within 30 days, certain presidential advisors are tasked with identifying further unnecessary entities and committees for termination.

Ensuring Lawful Governance and Implementing the President's "Department of Government Efficiency" Regulatory Initiative 

(Legislative and Regulatory)

This executive order directs federal agencies to focus enforcement resources on regulations clearly authorized by constitutional statutes and to reduce the administrative burden. It mandates a review of existing regulations to identify those that are unconstitutional, unlawfully delegated, or overly burdensome, with the goal of rescinding or modifying them. The order also emphasizes prioritizing enforcement actions that align with statutory authority and national interests, while ensuring new regulations are consistent with these principles.

February 18, 2025

Expanding Access to In Vitro Fertilization

(Employee Benefits)

This executive order aims expand access to in vitro fertilization (IVF). The policy seeks to make IVF more affordable and accessible, including removing statutory or regulatory burdens. Within 90 days, the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy will submit policy recommendations to further protect access to and reduce the costs of IVF treatments.

Ensuring Accountability for All Agencies

(Legislative and Regulatory)

This executive order expands Presidential supervision of independent regulatory agencies. It requires that all executive departments and agencies submit proposed and final regulatory actions to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) before publication in the Federal Register. The executive order amends previous EO 12866 of 1993, “Regulatory Planning and Review” and directs submissions by independent regulatory agencies within 60 days from this order. It establishes performance standards for agency heads, directs the OMB to review independent regulatory agencies for compliance, and requires regular consultation with the Executive Office of the President to align policies and priorities. The order states that the President and Attorney General control authoritative legal interpretations for the executive branch, and no regulation, guidance, or legal positions may be advanced without authority of the President or Attorney General.

February 15, 2025

Keeping Education Accessible and Ending COVID-19 Vaccine Mandates in Schools

(COVID-19)

This executive order ends federal funds to educational institutions that require COVID-19 vaccinations for in-person attendance. It emphasizes providing accurate information about COVID-19 risks and allowing parents and young adults personal freedom in the decision to vaccinate. The Secretary of Education is tasked with issuing guidelines to elementary schools, local educational agencies, State educational agencies, secondary schools, and institutions of higher education. Within 90 days of the order, The Secretaries of Education and Health and Human Services shall create a plan to end COVID-19 vaccination mandates and list discretionary Federal grants and contracts provided to educational institutions not in compliance with the guidelines.

February 14, 2025

Establishing the National Energy Dominance Council

The executive order establishes the National Energy Dominance Council within the Executive Office of the President to enhance energy production in the United States. The Council, chaired by the Secretary of the Interior, will advise the president on strategies to increase energy production, improve permitting processes, and foster private sector investment. Within 100 days of this order, the Council will provide a national energy dominance plan outlining how to utilize America's natural resources to boost economic growth, create jobs, and reduce dependency on foreign energy. The order emphasizes cooperation among federal agencies and the private sector to achieve energy dominance while ensuring compliance with existing laws and budgetary constraints.

February 13, 2025

Establishing the President's Make America Healthy Again Commission

The executive order addresses health challenges in the United States, highlighting the lower life expectancy compared to other developed countries, higher rates of chronic diseases, and mental health issues. Health problems are particularly severe among children, with rising rates of conditions like autism, asthma, and obesity. The order sets funding and research policy for government health agencies, including prioritizing transparency in health research, collaboration with farmers for healthier food production, and expanded treatment options and flexible health insurance coverage. The order also establishes the Make America Healthy Again Commission to address childhood chronic diseases, which is charged with submitting an assessment within 100 days and a strategy to combat the problems within 180 days.

February 12, 2025

One Voice for America's Foreign Relations

This executive order outlines the responsibilities of the Secretary of State and other officials in implementing U.S. foreign policy under the President's direction. It emphasizes the need for an effective and committed workforce to carry out these policies and provides guidelines for personnel actions and reforms within the Foreign Service. The order also defines key terms and ensures that the implementation of these policies complies with applicable laws and regulations.

February 11, 2025

Implementing The President's "Department of Government Efficiency" Workforce Optimization Initiative

Pausing Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Enforcement to Further American Economic and National SecurityThe executive order aims to transform the federal bureaucracy by eliminating inefficiencies and improving accountability. It establishes a hiring ratio to reduce the federal workforce, prioritizes high-need areas for new hires, and initiates large-scale reductions in force for non-essential functions. The order also directs the development of agency reorganization plans and revises suitability criteria for federal employees. Exemptions are allowed for positions related to national security, homeland security, or public safety.

(Whistleblowing and Corporate Ethics)

The executive order addresses concerns about the enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), arguing that it has been overextended and harms U.S. interests. It directs the Attorney General to review and potentially revise FCPA enforcement guidelines to better align with U.S. foreign policy and economic competitiveness. The order emphasizes the need to eliminate excessive barriers to American commerce abroad and preserve the President's authority in foreign affairs. It includes provisions for the review period, potential extensions, and the implementation of revised guidelines, ensuring alignment with existing laws and no creation of new legal rights.

February 10, 2025

Ending Procurement and Forced Use of Paper Straws

The executive order mandates the elimination of paper straws in favor of plastic straws across federal agencies. It argues that paper straws are less functional, potentially harmful, and more costly. The order directs agencies to stop procuring paper straws and to reverse policies that disfavor plastic straws. The Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy will issue a national strategy within 45 days to support this policy, ensuring compliance across the executive branch and addressing contracts with entities, including states, that ban or penalize plastic straws.

Eliminating the Federal Executive Institute

This executive order directs the elimination of the Federal Executive Institute, a program established over 50 years ago to provide leadership training for government officials, arguing that it has not effectively benefited American families. The order emphasizes responsible use of taxpayer dollars and focuses on programs that directly serve the American people. The Office of Personnel Management is tasked with closing the institute, and previous documents establishing it are revoked.

February 7, 2025

Addressing Egregious Actions of The Republic of South Africa

This executive order addresses the United States' response to South Africa's Expropriation Act 13 of 2024, which allows the seizure of Afrikaners' agricultural property without compensation. The order outlines the following key points: The U.S. condemns South Africa's actions, citing human rights violations and aggressive foreign policy stances. The U.S. will halt aid to South Africa and support the resettlement of Afrikaner refugees facing discrimination. U.S. agencies are directed to stop foreign aid to South Africa, with some exceptions at the discretion of agency heads. The U.S. will prioritize humanitarian relief for Afrikaners facing racial discrimination.

Protecting Second Amendment Rights

This executive order emphasizes the importance of the Second Amendment in safeguarding security and liberty. It directs the Attorney General to review and assess any actions from January 2021 to January 2025 that may infringe on Second Amendment rights and to propose a plan to protect these rights.

Establishment of The White House Faith Office

The executive order aims to support faith-based entities, community organizations, and houses of worship in their efforts to strengthen families, promote self-sufficiency, and protect religious liberty. It emphasizes the importance of these organizations in serving communities and ensures they can compete for federal funding on an equal footing. The order establishes the White House Faith Office to lead these efforts and amends previous executive orders to reflect this change. It also outlines the functions of the White House Faith Office, including consulting with experts, making policy recommendations, and coordinating with federal agencies to support faith-based initiatives. In a separate announcement the President appointed Pastor Paula White-Cain, Jennifer S. Korn and Jackson Lane to the newly created White House Faith Office.

Amendment to Duties Addressing the Synthetic Opioid Supply Chain in the People's Republic of China

AMENDMENT 2/7/2025: This amendment to the EO "Imposing Duties to Address the Synthetic Opioid Supply Chain in the People's Republic of China" replaces subsection (g) of section 2 with the following: “Duty-free de minimis treatment under 19 U.S.C. 1321 is available for otherwise eligible covered articles described in subsection (a) of this section, but shall cease to be available for such articles upon notification by the Secretary of Commerce to the President that adequate systems are in place to fully and expediently process and collect tariff revenue applicable pursuant to subsection (a) of this section for covered articles otherwise eligible for de minimis treatment.”

February 6, 2025

Imposing Sanctions on the International Criminal Court

This executive order addresses actions taken by the International Criminal Court (ICC) against the United States and its allies, including Israel. It asserts that the ICC lacks jurisdiction over these countries and declares a national emergency to counteract the ICC's investigations and arrest warrants. The order imposes sanctions on individuals involved in these ICC actions and restricts their entry into the United States.

Eradicating Anti-Christian Bias

(Discrimination and Harassment)

The executive order establishes a policy to protect religious freedoms and address perceived anti-Christian bias. It creates a Task Force within the Department of Justice to review and rectify any unlawful anti-Christian policies or practices. The Task Force will recommend actions to protect religious liberties and ensure compliance with federal laws. The order emphasizes the importance of religious freedom as enshrined in the First Amendment and relevant federal statutes.

February 5, 2025

Keeping Men Out of Women's Sports

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

This executive order was issued to protect opportunities for women and girls in sports by ensuring that only biological females compete in women's sports categories. The order directs the Secretary of Education to enforce Title IX protections, rescind funding from non-compliant educational programs, and prioritize enforcement actions against institutions that allow male participation in women's sports. It also mandates the review and adjustment of policies related to international sports competitions and the admission of male athletes into the U.S. to ensure fairness and safety for female athletes. The order emphasizes the importance of maintaining sex-based categories in sports for the safety and dignity of female athletes.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Trump Bans Transgender Women Athletes from Participating in Athletics

February 4, 2025

National Security Presidential Memorandum/NSPM-2

A memorandum was issued to impose maximum pressure on Iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons and to counter its malign influence. The memorandum outlines a comprehensive strategy involving sanctions, diplomatic efforts, and enforcement actions to disrupt Iran's nuclear program, ballistic missile development, and support for terrorist groups. It directs various federal departments and agencies to take specific actions, including imposing sanctions, isolating Iran diplomatically, and prosecuting Iranian-sponsored networks. The memorandum emphasizes the need to protect U.S. national security and uphold international peace and security.

February 3, 2025

Withdrawing the United States from and Ending Funding to Certain United Nations Organizations and Reviewing United States Support to All International Organizations

The executive order was issued to reevaluate the United States' commitment to certain United Nations (UN) organizations, including the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC), UNESCO, and the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA). The order cites concerns about these organizations acting contrary to U.S. interests and propagating anti-Semitism. It directs the U.S. to withdraw from the UNHRC, review its membership in UNESCO, and halt funding to UNRWA. The order also mandates a review of all international organizations and treaties to determine if they align with U.S. interests and whether reforms are needed.

Progress on the Situation at Our Northern Border

This follow-up executive order was issued and related to the February 1 EO "Imposing Duties to Address the Flow of Illicit Drugs Across Our Northern Border, which addressed the threat posed by drug trafficking and illegal migration from Canada. It acknowledges Canada's recent efforts to mitigate these issues and pauses the implementation of additional tariffs on Canadian products until March 4, 2025, to assess the effectiveness of these measures. The memorandum directs continued monitoring and evaluation of the situation at the northern border and outlines potential actions if the crises worsen.

Progress on the Situation at Our Southern Border

This follow-up executive order was issued and relates to the February 1 EO "Imposing Duties to Address teh Situation at Our Southern Border," which addressed the threat posed by drug trafficking and illegal migration from Mexico. It acknowledges Mexico's recent efforts to mitigate these issues and pauses the implementation of additional tariffs on Mexican products until March 4, 2025, to assess the effectiveness of these measures. The order directs continued monitoring and evaluation of the situation at the southern border and outlines potential actions if the crises worsen.

A Plan for Establishing a United States Sovereign Wealth Fund

An executive order was issued to establish a sovereign wealth fund to promote fiscal sustainability, reduce tax burdens, and enhance U.S. economic and strategic leadership. The Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Commerce are tasked with developing a plan for the fund, including funding mechanisms and governance, to be submitted within 90 days.

February 1, 2025

Imposing Duties to Address the Situation at Our Southern Border

This executive order was issued to address the influx of undocumented immigrants and illicit drugs, which pose significant threats to public health and safety in the United States. The memorandum expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the failure of Mexico to control drug trafficking organizations (DTOs) and human traffickers. It imposes additional tariffs on Mexican products and directs federal agencies to take necessary actions to enhance enforcement and cooperation.

Imposing Duties to Address the Synthetic Opioid Supply Chain in the People's Republic of China

This executive order was issued to address the influx of synthetic opioids, which have severe consequences on public health and safety in the United States. The memorandum expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the failure of the People's Republic of China (PRC) to control the export of precursor chemicals and support transnational criminal organizations involved in drug trafficking. It imposes additional tariffs on PRC products and directs federal agencies to take necessary actions to enhance enforcement and cooperation.

Imposing Duties to Address the Flow of Illicit Drugs Across Our Northern Border

This executive order addresses the influx of illicit opioids and other drugs, which pose a significant threat to public health and safety in the United States. The order expands the scope of a previously declared national emergency to include the northern border and imposes additional tariffs on Canadian products to compel cooperation in combating drug trafficking. It directs federal agencies to review and take necessary actions to enhance border security and reduce the flow of illicit drugs.

January 31, 2025

Unleashing Prosperity Through Deregulation | The American Presidency Project

(Legislative and Regulatory)

This executive order was issued to promote prudent financial management and reduce regulatory burdens. It mandates that for each new regulation, at least 10 existing regulations must be eliminated to manage costs effectively. The memorandum directs agencies to ensure that the total incremental cost of new regulations is significantly less than zero for fiscal year 2025. It also outlines the process for identifying and eliminating regulations, standardizing cost measurements, and ensuring compliance with the Administrative Procedure Act.

Limiting Lame-Duck Collective Bargaining Agreements That Improperly Attempt to Constrain the New President

(Labor Management Relations)

This memorandum was issued to limit collective bargaining agreements (CBAs) made in the final 30 days of a previous administration that could constrain the new administration. The memorandum prohibits new contractual obligations, substantive changes, or extensions of existing agreements during this period. It directs agency heads to disapprove any such agreements not yet approved and exempts CBAs primarily covering law enforcement officers. It does not prevent CBAs from rolling over under existing contractual provisions.

January 30, 2025

Immediate Assessment of Aviation Safety

This memorandum to the Secretary of Transportation and Administrator to teh FAA addresses aviation safety following a collision between a commercial aircraft and a military helicopter. The memorandum orders a review of hiring decisions and safety protocols from the past four years, emphasizing a return to merit-based recruitment and the importance of safety and competence in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). It directs the Secretary of Transportation and the FAA Administrator to take corrective actions to ensure uncompromised aviation safety and to reverse any concerning trends from the previous administration. The goal is to maintain a high standard of safety.

January 29, 2025

Additional Measures to Combat Anti-Semitism

This executive order was issued to combat anti-Semitism, particularly in educational institutions. The order reaffirms a previous executive order from 2019 (EO13899) and directs federal agencies to identify and use legal tools to address anti-semitic harassment and violence. It also mandates reports on civil rights violations related to anti-Semitism in schools and universities, and encourages the use of civil rights enforcement authorities.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Recent Executive Orders and Dear Colleague Letter Affecting Educational Institutions

Expanding Educational Freedom and Opportunity for Families

Supports educational choice for families by allowing the use of federal funds for K-12 scholarship programs and other educational alternatives. It directs the Secretary of Education to issue guidance on using federal funds for these initiatives and includes measures to expand opportunities for low-income families, military families, and students eligible for Bureau of Indian Education schools. The order also emphasizes the importance of compliance with anti-discrimination and parental rights protections in education.

Ending Radical Indoctrination in K-12 Schooling

Directs the enforcement of laws to ensure that K-12 schools comply with anti-discrimination and parental rights protections. It mandates the development of a strategy to eliminate federal funding for discriminatory practices and indoctrination in schools. The order also reestablishes the 1776 Commission to promote patriotic education and outlines measures to enhance compliance with educational programs on the U.S. Constitution. Additionally, it prioritizes federal resources to support patriotic education initiatives.

LITTLER'S TAKE:  Recent Executive Orders and Dear Colleague Letter Affecting Educational Institutions

Expanding Migrant Operations Center at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay to Full Capacity

Directs the expansion of the Migrant Operations Center at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay to full capacity. This expansion aims to provide additional detention space for high-priority criminal aliens and address immigration enforcement needs identified by the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security.

Celebrating America's 250th Birthday

Establishes a task force to plan and execute the celebration of the 250th anniversary of American Independence on July 4, 2026. It reinstates previous executive orders related to building monuments and protecting them from vandalism. The task force will coordinate with various agencies to organize the celebration and ensure compliance with relevant laws. Additionally, the order includes provisions for funding and administrative support for the task force.

January 28, 2025

Protecting Children from Chemical and Surgical Mutilation

The presidential order establishes a policy to prohibit federal support for medical procedures that alter a child's sex. It directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to review and amend relevant policies, and mandates that federal grants to medical institutions exclude funding for such procedures. The order also includes directives for the Department of Defense, Tri-Care, and the Department of Justice to ensure compliance and enforcement. Additionally, it calls for increased cooperation with state authorities to protect children from these medical interventions.

January 27, 2025

National Day of Remembrance of the 80th Anniversary of the Liberation of Auschwitz

This presidential proclamation marks the 80th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau, a Nazi concentration camp central to the Holocaust. Over one million Jews, religious leaders, disabled persons, and other innocent victims were executed there between 1940 and 1945. This proclamation honors the victims and survivors, reaffirms the commitment to combat anti-Semitism, and highlights the resilience of the Jewish community. January 27, 2025, is proclaimed as a National Day of Remembrance to commemorate the victims and the liberators of Auschwitz.

Reinstating Service Members Discharged Under the Military's COVID-19 Vaccination Mandate

The presidential order addresses the COVID-19 vaccine mandate for service members, which was initially implemented by the Secretary of Defense on August 24, 2021, and later rescinded on January 10, 2023. The order aims to provide redress for service members who were discharged for refusing the vaccine. It directs the Secretary of Defense or Homeland Security to reinstate these members upon request, restore their former rank, and provide full back pay, benefits, and compensation. Additionally, it allows those who voluntarily left service due to the mandate to return without any impact on their status, rank, or pay. The order maintains that disciplinary or administrative actions for other conduct remain unaffected.

Restoring America's Fighting Force

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

This presidential order mandates that the Department of Defense and Homeland Security eliminate any Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) offices and programs that influence hiring based on race or sex. It requires an internal review of DEI initiatives and prohibits the promotion of divisive concepts or gender ideology within the Armed Forces. The order emphasizes meritocracy and prohibits any preference based on race or sex, ensuring that all actions align with existing laws and appropriations.

Prioritizing Military Excellence and Readiness

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

This presidential order emphasizes the need for high standards in the U.S. military, focusing on mental and physical fitness for duty. It mandates updates to existing Department of Defense policies to align with these standards and restricts the use of pronouns that do not reflect an individual's biological sex. The order also revokes a previous executive order that allowed all qualified Americans to serve in the military, regardless of gender identity. Implementation steps include updating policies and issuing directives within specified timeframes.

The Iron Dome for America

The presidential order outlines the United States' policy to enhance its missile defense capabilities against advanced aerial threats. It mandates the deployment and maintenance of a next-generation missile defense shield and ensures the defense of citizens and critical infrastructure. The Secretary of Defense is tasked with developing and implementing a comprehensive plan for this defense system, including space-based and non-kinetic capabilities. Additionally, the order emphasizes cooperation with allies to improve missile defense technology and operations.

January 24, 2025

Enforcing the Hyde Amendment

President Trump issued an executive order to end federal funding for elective abortions, aligning with the Hyde Amendment. This order revokes two previous executive orders from 2022 that allowed such funding. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget is tasked with providing guidance for implementing this policy. The order also clarifies that it does not create any new legal rights or benefits.

Memorandum for the Secretary of State the Secretary of Defense the Secretary of Health and Human Services the Administrator of the United States for International Development

President Trump issued a memorandum to reinstate the Mexico City Policy, which restricts U.S. funding for organizations involved in coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization. This action revokes a previous memorandum from January 28, 2021, and directs the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to extend these requirements to all global health assistance. The memorandum also clarifies that it does not create any new legal rights or benefits.

Emergency Measures To Provide Water Resources in California and Improve Disaster Response in Certain Areas 

The document discusses an executive order aimed at addressing water resource management and disaster response in California. It emphasizes the need to provide Southern California with necessary water resources and improve disaster response policies. The order mandates actions to override existing activities that hinder water delivery and expedite exemptions under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.

Council To Assess the Federal Emergency Management Agency January

This executive order calls for a comprehensive review of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to improve its effectiveness and impartiality in disaster response. It establishes the Federal Emergency Management Agency Review Council, composed of government officials and experts, to assess FEMA's performance and recommend improvements. The Council will evaluate FEMA's disaster responses, compare them with state and private sector efforts, and consider public and expert input. The order aims to ensure FEMA can effectively support disaster relief efforts while maintaining state control and addressing any political biases. The Council will report its findings and recommendations to the President within 180 days of its first meeting.

January 23, 2025

Removing Barriers to American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence 

(AI and Technology)

The order's stated purpose is to strengthen the United States' leadership in artificial intelligence (AI). It aims to develop unbiased AI systems and remove existing policies that hinder innovation with the goal to enhance human flourishing, economic competitiveness, and national security.

Key actions include developing an AI action plan within 180 days, reviewing and revising conflicting policies, and ensuring all efforts align with maintaining U.S. AI dominance. This approach seeks to secure America's position as the global leader in AI.

LITTLER'S TAKE: New Executive Order Issued on AI; Prior AI Order Revoked

Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology

The order supports the responsible growth of digital assets and blockchain technology. It seeks to protect individuals' and businesses' rights to use blockchain networks, promotes the U.S. dollar through stablecoins, ensures fair banking access, and provides regulatory clarity. It also prohibits the establishment and use of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) in the United States. The order revokes previous directives that may have hindered digital asset innovation and establishes a working group to develop a federal regulatory framework. Immediate action is required to align existing regulations with the new policies and to foster innovation and economic development in the digital asset industry.

President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology

The document establishes the President's Council on Science and Technology. It emphasizes the importance of maintaining global technological dominance through advancements in artificial intelligence, quantum computing, and biotechnology. The council aims to unite experts from academia, industry, and government to advise on science and technology policies.

Federal Recognition of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina

The document discusses the federal recognition of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, highlighting their historical recognition by the state and the federal government. It outlines the tribe's journey from state recognition in 1885 to the signing of the Lumbee Act in 1956, which recognized them as the Lumbee Indians of North Carolina but denied federal benefits. The document also covers recent legislative efforts, such as the Lumbee Fairness Act passed by the House in 2024, aimed at granting full federal recognition.

Declassification of Records Concerning the Assassinations of President John F. Kennedy

The order releases all federal records related to the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. This order aims to provide transparency and truth to their families and the American public. The order mandates the declassification and full disclosure of these records, deeming it in the national interest. This order emphasizes the importance of transparency and aims to provide the public with complete information regarding these historical events.

January 22, 2025

Designation of Ansar Allah as a Foreign Terrorist Organization

The order designates Ansar Allah as a Foreign Terrorist Organization. It outlines the group's activities, including attacks on U.S. Navy warships and civilian infrastructure, and its support from Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Quds Force. The order emphasizes the threat posed by Ansar Allah to American security in the Middle East and the U.S. policy to eliminate its capabilities

January 21, 2025

Revocation of Certain Executive Orders

This executive order revokes EO 14042, “Ensuring Adequate COVID Safety Protocols for Federal Contractors” and EO 1404, “Requiring Coronavirus Disease 2019 Vaccination for Federal Employees. 

Ending Illegal Discrimination And Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity

(Discrimination and Harassment, Government Contactors, IE&D)

The order seeks to ensure the enforcement of federal civil-rights laws and terminates policies that involve race- and sex-based preferences under diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (DEIA) initiatives. The order emphasizes protecting civil rights, promoting individual merit, and eliminating discriminatory practices in both the public and private sectors. Key actions include revoking previous executive orders related to DEI, streamlining the federal contracting process, and ensuring compliance with civil-rights laws. The order also directs federal agencies to take steps to end DEI practices in the private sector and to issue guidance to educational institutions on complying with civil-rights laws.

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Revokes 60-Year-Old Executive Order Requiring Equal Employment Opportunity in Government Contracting

LITTLER'S TAKE: Higher Ed DEI Practices to Be Reviewed Under President's New Executive Order

LITTLER'S TAKE: Acting Secretary of Labor Brings All OFCCP Activities Under Executive Order 11246 to a Halt

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Relies on Executive Orders to Promote Anti-IE&D Policies

LITTLER'S TAKE: U.S. Department of Education's New “Dear Colleague” Letter Targets DEI Programs and Signals New Era of Title VI Enforcement

LITTLER'S TAKE: GSA Announces FAR Deviations Consistent with the Revocation of Executive Order 11246

LITTLER'S TAKE:  Federal Court Enjoins Trump Administration's Broad Attack on DEI

LITTLER'S TAKE: OCR Issues FAQs for Schools About Avoiding Racial Preferences Under Title VI

LITTLER'S TAKE:  Fourth Circuit Stays Enforcement of Injunction on IE&D Executive Orders

LITTLER'S TAKE:   Federal District Court Temporarily Enjoins DEI Certification Provision for DOL Grant Recipients 

Keeping Americans Safe in Aviation

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is responsible for the safety of over 45,000 flights and 2.9 million passengers daily. The statement criticizes the previous administration for prioritizing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) hiring practices over merit-based hiring, which it claims compromised safety and efficiency. It calls for an immediate return to non-discriminatory, merit-based hiring and the review of employees in critical safety positions performance to ensure the highest standards of air safety and efficiency.

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Relies on Executive Orders to Promote Anti-IE&D Policies

January 20, 2025

Reforming The Federal Hiring Process And Restoring Merit To Government Service

(Discrimination and Harassment, Federal Employees, HR Management)

The order aims to reform federal hiring practices to ensure they focus on merit, practical skills, and dedication to the Constitution. It calls for the development of a Federal Hiring Plan to attract highly-skilled individuals committed to improving government efficiency and upholding American values. The plan includes measures to prevent hiring based on impermissible factors, reduce hiring times, and improve communication with candidates. It also emphasizes the use of modern technology and data analytics in the recruitment process. The order mandates regular performance evaluations and consultations with stakeholders to ensure the effectiveness of these reforms.

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Relies on Executive Orders to Promote Anti-IE&D Policies

Defending Women From Gender Ideology Extremism And Restoring Biological Truth To The Federal Government

(Discrimination and Harassment, IE&D)

The order establishes definitions of sex-based terms and seeks to ensure federal policies and laws reflect these definitions. The order emphasizes recognizing two immutable biological sexes, male and female, and directs federal agencies to use these definitions in all official documents and policies. Key actions include revising identification documents to reflect biological sex, removing references to gender identity in federal forms, and ensuring sex-based rights and protections are enforced. The order also mandates that federal funds not be used to promote gender ideology and requires agencies to update their policies and regulations accordingly. This approach aims to provide clarity and consistency in federal policies related to sex and gender.

UPDATE: On January 31, 2025, the EEOC advised that at the present time all charges alleging discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity will be sent to national headquarters for review to ensure that they “comply with applicable executive orders to the fullest extent possible.” The agency also indicated that with respect to such charges it will issue a notice of right to sue if asked to by a charging party “as statutorily required.” Finally, the EEOC indicated that the acting chair intends to propose rescission or revision of anti-harassment and other guidance relating to gender identity and sexual orientation that is in conflict with these orders.

LITTLER'S TAKE: EEOC Acting Chair Issues Statement on Gender Identity, Removes Guidance on Transgender Issues

LITTLER'S TAKE: Executive Order Targets Prohibitions Against Sexual Orientation and Gender Expression Discrimination

LITTLER'S TAKE: EEOC Requests OMB Approval for 2024 EEO-1 Reporting Cycle and Updates to Form 462

Ending Radical And Wasteful Government DEI Programs And Preferencing

(Discrimination and Harassment, Federal Employees, Government Contractors, IE&D)

The order terminates diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (DEIA) programs within the federal government. The order directs the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Attorney General, and the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to coordinate the elimination of DEI mandates, policies, and activities. Federal agencies are instructed to end DEI-related offices and positions, review employment practices to focus on individual merit, and report on DEI-related expenditures and activities.

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Revokes 60-Year-Old Executive Order Requiring Equal Employment Opportunity in Government Contracting

LITTLER'S TAKE: Higher Ed DEI Practices to Be Reviewed Under President's New Executive Order

LITTLER'S TAKE: Acting Secretary of Labor Brings All OFCCP Activities Under Executive Order 11246 to a Halt

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Relies on Executive Orders to Promote Anti-IE&D Policies

LITTLER'S TAKE:  Federal Court Enjoins Trump Administration's Broad Attack on DEI

LITTLER'S TAKE: Fourth Circuit Stays Enforcement of Injunction on IE&D Executive Orders

LITTLER'S TAKE: Federal District Court Temporarily Enjoins DEI Certification Provision for DOL Grant Recipients 

Initial Rescissions Of Harmful Executive Orders And Actions

(Discrimination and Harassment, Immigration, IE&D)

This order revokes numerous executive actions from the previous administration. The order aims to eliminate policies related to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), immigration, climate change, and other areas deemed counterproductive. The stated goal is to restore efficiency, fairness, and common sense to federal operations.

LITTLER'S TAKE: President Trump Relies on Executive Orders to Promote Anti-IE&D Policies

Hiring Freeze

(Federal Employees, HR Management)

The order freezes the hiring of federal civilian employees across the executive branch. This freeze applies to all vacant positions as of January 20, 2025, and prohibits the creation of new positions, with exceptions for military personnel, immigration enforcement, national security, and public safety roles. The order ensures that essential services like Social Security, Medicare, and Veterans' benefits are not impacted.

Restoring Accountability for Career Senior Executives

(Federal Employees, HR Management)

The memorandum emphasizes the need for accountability among Career Senior Executive Service (SES) officials, who play a crucial role in the federal government. It highlights the President's authority to remove subordinates to ensure the effective execution of laws. The directive calls for the development of SES Performance Plans, reassignment of SES members to align with the administration's agenda, and the restructuring of Executive Resources and Performance Review Boards. It mandates that agency heads take appropriate actions, including removal, against SES officials who do not meet performance standards or fulfill their duties effectively. The goal is to create a responsive and high-quality federal workforce.

Restoring Accountability To Policy-Influencing Positions Within the Federal Workforce

(Federal Employees, HR Management)

The order reinstates and amends a previous executive order to enhance accountability within the federal workforce, particularly for those in policy-influencing positions. It emphasizes the president's authority to manage the executive branch and the need for federal employees to be accountable to the president. The order mandates the development of a federal hiring plan, reassignment of certain positions, and restructuring of performance review processes. It also revokes a prior executive order related to protecting the federal workforce and calls for the rescission of regulations that impede the implementation of these policies. The goal is to ensure a professional and accountable federal workforce.

Return to In-Person Work

(Federal Employees, Remote Work)

The directive instructs all executive branch departments and agencies to end remote work arrangements and require employees to return to in-person work full-time. Exemptions can be made by department and agency heads as necessary. The implementation of this directive must comply with applicable laws.

Clarifying The Military's Role In Protecting The Territorial Integrity Of The United States

(Immigration)

The order emphasizes the critical role of the Armed Forces in protecting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the United States, particularly along the southern border. The Secretary of Defense is directed to revise the Unified Command Plan within 10 days to assign the mission of sealing the borders to the United States Northern Command (USNORTHCOM). This includes planning and implementing measures to repel invasions, such as unlawful migration and narcotics trafficking. The order mandates continuous assessments to protect U.S. sovereignty and security, ensuring the Armed Forces prioritize border protection.

Declaring A National Emergency At The Southern Border Of The United States

(Immigration)

The order declares a national emergency at the U.S. southern border due to stated security concerns, including unlawful migration and narcotics trafficking. This order directs the Armed Forces to support the Department of Homeland Security in securing the border and maintaining national sovereignty. Key actions include deploying military personnel and resources, constructing additional physical barriers, and utilizing unmanned aerial systems to enhance border security. The order also mandates a review of policies and strategies to prioritize border protection and requires regular reporting on the progress and conditions at the southern border.

Designating Cartels And Other Organizations As Foreign Terrorist Organizations And Specially Designated Global Terrorists

(Immigration)

This order addresses the stated national security threat posed by international cartels and other transnational organizations. According to the order, these groups are involved in violent activities and have significant control over illegal traffic across the U.S. southern border. The order aims to designate these organizations as Foreign Terrorist Organizations or Specially Designated Global Terrorists.

Guaranteeing The States Protection Against Invasion

(Immigration)

This directive addresses the issue of illegal immigration at the southern border, declaring it an invasion that threatens public health, safety, and national security. It emphasizes the president's authority to control the entry of individuals into the United States and suspends such entry until the situation is resolved. The order mandates actions to repel, repatriate, or remove these individuals and restricts their access to certain immigration provisions. It calls for coordination among federal agencies to implement these measures and ensure the protection of national sovereignty.

Protecting The American People Against Invasion

(Immigration)

The directive emphasizes the importance of enforcing immigration laws to protect national security and public safety. It revokes previous executive orders related to immigration and mandates that federal agencies prioritize the removal of individuals who are unlawfully present in the United States. The order also calls for the establishment of Homeland Security Task Forces, the assessment of fines and penalties for immigration violations, and cooperation with state and local law enforcement. Additionally, it aims to encourage voluntary departure of undocumented individuals and ensure compliance with immigration laws.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Trump Administration Day 1 Immigration Agenda: How Are Employers Impacted?

Protecting The Meaning And Value Of American Citizenship

(Immigration)

This order attempts to clarify the interpretation of the Fourteenth Amendment regarding birthright citizenship. It states that U.S. citizenship is not automatically granted to individuals born in the U.S. if their parents were not lawful residents at the time of birth. The order mandates that federal agencies only recognize citizenship for those meeting these criteria and requires a review of policies to ensure compliance.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Trump Administration Day 1 Immigration Agenda: How Are Employers Impacted?

Protecting The United States From Foreign Terrorists And Other National Security And Public Safety Threats

(Immigration)

This order outlines policies to protect U.S. citizens from individuals who may pose security threats. It emphasizes the need for thorough vetting and screening of all individuals seeking entry into the United States. The order mandates coordination among various federal agencies to identify and address deficiencies in the vetting process, and to take necessary actions to prevent the entry of individuals who may pose risks. It also calls for adjustments to existing regulations and procedures to enhance national security and ensure the proper assimilation of lawful immigrants.

LITTLER'S TAKE:  Trump Administration Day 1 Immigration Agenda: How Are Employers Impacted?

Realigning the United States Refugee Admissions Program

(Immigration)

The order suspends the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program (USRAP) due to stated concerns about the country's capacity to absorb large numbers of migrants and refugees without compromising resources, safety, and security. It emphasizes the need for refugees to "assimilate appropriately" and for state and local jurisdictions to have a role in refugee placement. The order mandates a review of the program and requires periodic reports to determine if resumption aligns with U.S. interests. It also revokes a previous executive order related to refugee resettlement and climate change.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Trump Administration Day 1 Immigration Agenda: How Are Employers Impacted?

Securing Our Borders

(Immigration)

This order addresses the issue of illegal immigration and outlines measures to secure the U.S. borders. It emphasizes the need for physical barriers, increased personnel, and the detention and removal of individuals who violate immigration laws. The order also calls for the resumption of the Migrant Protection Protocols, adjustments to parole policies, and enhanced international cooperation. The order suspends the use of the CBP One app to parole or facilitate the entry of otherwise inadmissible persons. Additionally, it mandates the use of DNA and identification technologies and prioritizes the prosecution of border-related offenses. The order's stated goal is to protect national security and ensure the effective enforcement of immigration laws.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Trump Administration Day 1 Immigration Agenda: How Are Employers Impacted?

Regulatory Freeze Pending Review

(Legislative and Regulatory)

The directive mandates that all executive departments and agencies halt the proposal or issuance of new rules until they are reviewed and approved by a department or agency head appointed by the president after January 20, 2025. It also requires the withdrawal of any rules sent to the Office of the Federal Register but not yet published, and the postponement of the effective date for any published rules for 60 days to allow for review.

Resolve the Backlog of Security Clearances for Executive Office of the President Personnel

The memorandum addresses the security clearance backlog within the Executive Office of the President, emphasizing the need for qualified personnel to access the White House complex. It outlines the authority of the President to grant interim security clearances to resolve this issue.

America First Policy Directive To The Secretary Of State

The order seeks to prioritize American interests in U.S. foreign policy. The "America First" approach mandates that the Secretary of State align the Department of State's policies, programs, personnel, and operations with this directive as soon as practicable. The order ensures that nothing within it will impair the legal authority of executive departments or agencies, nor affect the functions of the Office of Management and Budget. It will be implemented in accordance with applicable laws and subject to available appropriations, without creating any enforceable rights or benefits against the U.S. government.

America First Trade Policy

The policy establishes an "America First" trade policy with the stated goal to revitalize the American economy, enhance national security, and benefit American workers and businesses. This policy focuses on reducing trade deficits, promoting investment, and defending economic and national security. Key actions include investigating trade deficits, establishing an External Revenue Service to collect trade-related revenues, reviewing unfair trade practices, and assessing the impact of existing trade agreements. The memorandum also addresses economic and trade relations with China, including reviewing compliance with trade agreements and addressing intellectual property rights. Additionally, it calls for a comprehensive review of the U.S. industrial and manufacturing base, export control systems, and measures to combat unlawful migration and contraband flows. Reports on these reviews and recommendations are to be submitted by April 2025.

LITTLER'S TAKE:  Trump Administration Day 1 Immigration Agenda: How Are Employers Impacted?

Application Of Protecting Americans From Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications Act To TikTok

The order delays the enforcement of the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications Act, passed by Congress in April 2024, for 75 days. This Act regulates applications like TikTok, operated by ByteDance Ltd. The delay allows the administration to assess national security concerns and negotiate a resolution to avoid a shutdown of TikTok, used by 170 million Americans. During this period, the Department of Justice will not enforce the Act or impose penalties for noncompliance.

Declaring a National Energy Emergency

The order declares a national emergency to address the United States' "inadequate" energy supply and infrastructure, which pose significant threats to national and economic security. This order directs federal agencies to use all available authorities to enhance the identification, production, transportation, refining, and generation of domestic energy resources.

Delivering Emergency Price Relief for American Families and Defeating the Cost-of-Living Crisis

This order addresses the economic challenges faced by American families, including the high costs of fuel, food, housing, and other essentials. The order attributes these challenges to regulatory policies and mandates from the previous administration, which are said to have increased living costs significantly. To alleviate these burdens, the order directs federal departments and agencies to take actions aimed at reducing housing costs, eliminating unnecessary healthcare expenses, lowering the costs of home appliances, creating job opportunities, and revising climate policies that impact food and fuel prices. The Assistant to the President for Economic Policy is tasked with reporting on the implementation of these measures every 30 days. This initiative aims to restore purchasing power and improve the quality of life for American families.

Ending The Weaponization Of The Federal Government

The order addresses and seeks to correct alleged past misconduct by federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies. The order aims to review and identify instances where these agencies may have acted inappropriately or contrary to their intended purposes over the past four years. The Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence are tasked with reviewing the activities of their respective agencies and preparing reports with recommendations for remedial actions. The stated goal is to ensure accountability and prevent the misuse of governmental power.

Establishing And Implementing The President's “Department Of Government Efficiency”

The order establishes the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) to modernize federal technology and software, aiming to enhance governmental efficiency and productivity. The United States Digital Service (USDS) is renamed as the United States DOGE Service and will operate within the Executive Office of the President. A temporary organization within USDS will focus on advancing President Trump's 18-month DOGE agenda. Each federal agency will form a DOGE Team to implement this agenda, with the USDS Administrator leading a Software Modernization Initiative to improve government-wide IT systems. The order ensures USDS access to unclassified agency records and systems, adhering to data protection standards. This initiative aims to streamline federal operations and improve overall efficiency.

LITTLER'S TAKE: Non-Profits, NGOs, Overseas Staff, and the DOGE Shake-Up at USAID: A Six-Point Checklist for a Way Forward

Flying The Flag Of The United States At Full-Staff On Inauguration Day

The order sets forth that on Inauguration Day, the U.S. flag will be flown at full-staff at all federal buildings, military posts, and embassies. After Inauguration Day, the flag will return to half-staff in memory of former President James Earl Carter, Jr., until the 30-day mourning period concludes.

Holding Former Government Officials Accountable For Election Interference And Improper Disclosure Of Sensitive Governmental Information

The order revokes the security clearances of certain former intelligence officials and John R. Bolton. This action is in response to their involvement in activities perceived as politically motivated, including the issuance of a letter during the 2020 Presidential campaign and the publication of classified information in a memoir. The Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the CIA, is tasked with revoking the clearances and submitting a report on any additional inappropriate activities and recommendations to prevent future occurrences. This initiative's stated purpose is to uphold the integrity and trust in the Intelligence Community.

Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) Global Tax Deal (Global Tax Deal)

The memorandum addresses the United States' stance on the international tax agreement and declares that the Global Tax Deal has no legal effect in the United States without Congressional approval. It emphasizes the importance of maintaining national sovereignty and economic competitiveness by rejecting the deal's extraterritorial jurisdiction over American income and its limitations on U.S. tax policy.

Promoting Beautiful Federal Civic Architecture

The directive instructs the General Services Administration (GSA) to provide recommendations within 60 days on how federal public buildings can reflect regional, traditional, and classical architectural styles to enhance public spaces and honor the nation's heritage. It also requires the GSA to notify the president if any new building design deviates from this policy before approval, explaining the reasons for such a decision.

Putting America First In International Environmental Agreements

This order emphasizes the need for the U.S. to balance economic growth with environmental protection while prioritizing national interests. It mandates the withdrawal from the Paris Agreement and other related international commitments, ceasing financial contributions to these initiatives.

Putting People Over Fish: Stopping Radical Environmentalism to Provide Water to Southern California

The directive instructs the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of the Interior to resume efforts to redirect water from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta to other parts of California to ensure a reliable water supply. This initiative, previously halted due to environmental concerns, aims to address the water needs of Central and Southern California, particularly in light of recent wildfires. The secretaries are required to report on their progress within 90 days.

Reevaluating And Realigning United States Foreign Aid

The order pauses U.S. foreign development assistance for 90 days to review its alignment with U.S. foreign policy and programmatic efficiency. It mandates that all new obligations and disbursements of development assistance funds be halted during this period. The review will determine whether to continue, modify, or cease each program. The order emphasizes that foreign aid must align with U.S. interests and values.

Restoring Freedom Of Speech And Ending Federal Censorship

The order emphasizes the protection of free speech rights as enshrined in the First Amendment. It criticizes the previous administration for allegedly censoring speech on online platforms and outlines policies to prevent government interference in constitutionally protected speech. The order mandates an investigation into past government actions related to censorship and requires federal departments and agencies to ensure no resources are used to abridge free speech.

Restoring Names That Honor American Greatness

The order aims to honor the contributions of notable Americans by renaming national landmarks. It instructs the U.S. Board on Geographic Names to review and potentially replace current appointees and to prioritize naming that "reflects American heritage." The order reinstates the name "Mount McKinley" for North America's highest peak and renames the Gulf of Mexico to the "Gulf of America." It also encourages collaboration with local entities to honor regional history and culture. The Secretary of the Interior is tasked with implementing these changes and seeking public input for additional naming opportunities.

Restoring The Death Penalty And Protecting Public Safety

The order emphasizes the importance of capital punishment as a deterrent and punishment for the most heinous crimes. It criticizes previous actions that have obstructed the implementation of capital punishment and outlines policies to ensure the death penalty is pursued for severe crimes, particularly those involving the murder of law enforcement officers or committed by individuals illegally present in the country. The Attorney General is tasked with ensuring states have the necessary resources for executions and with seeking the reversal of Supreme Court precedents that limit capital punishment. The order also calls for prioritizing the prosecution of violent crime and coordinating with state and local law enforcement to protect communities.

Temporary Withdrawal of All Areas on the Outer Continental Shelf from Offshore Wind Leasing and Review of the Federal Government's Leasing and Permitting Practices for Wind Projects

The memorandum directs a temporary halt on offshore wind energy leasing on the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) to review the environmental, economic, and legal impacts of such projects.

Unleashing Alaska's Extraordinary Resource Potential

The order aims to maximize the development of Alaska's natural resources to benefit the nation's economy and security. It calls for the removal of restrictions on resource development on federal and state lands in Alaska. The order mandates expedited permitting and leasing for energy and natural resource projects, prioritizes the development of Alaska's liquified natural gas (LNG) potential, and directs various federal agencies to take specific actions to support these goals. It also includes provisions for reviewing and potentially rescinding previous regulations and decisions that hinder resource development.

Unleashing American Energy

The order aims to promote the development of domestic energy and natural resources by removing regulatory barriers and encouraging exploration and production on federal lands and waters. It emphasizes the need for reliable and affordable energy to support economic growth, job creation, and national security. The order calls for a review of existing regulations that may hinder energy development, revokes several previous executive orders related to climate and environmental policies, and seeks to streamline the permitting process for energy projects. It also addresses the elimination of the "electric vehicle mandate" and promotes consumer choice in vehicles and appliances. The directive also terminates the Green New Deal initiatives.

Withdrawing The United States From The World Health Organization

The order announces the United States' intention to withdraw from the World Health Organization (WHO) due to concerns over its handling of the COVID-19 pandemic, lack of necessary reforms, and perceived political influence. It revokes a previous order that retracted the withdrawal and halts U.S. funding and support to the WHO. The order also calls for the reassignment of U.S. personnel working with the WHO and the identification of alternative partners for global health activities. 

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Littler Mendelson

Littler Mendelson

633 West Fifth Street

63rd Floor

California

Los Angeles

90071

UNITED STATES

Tel: 213443-4245

Fax: 213443-4299

E-mail: JKlein@littler.com

URL: www.littler.com

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2025 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020251218elci0000r




CE Noticias Financieras English
Artificial intelligence, an ally for recruiting technological talent

536 words
18 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Faced with the growing shortage of technological talent in Mexico, a model has emerged that integrates artificial intelligence with human processes to address one of the main bottlenecks for companies: speed and efficiency in hiring profiles.

In an interview with El Economista, Pablo Fajer, CEO of Codifin, points out that the problem is not a lack of talent, but rather the gap between the available training and the standards demanded by the global market. "Today only around 300,000 professionals in Mexico meet international standards in information technologies, which limits the country's capacity to attract investment and consolidate itself as a strategic supplier of specialized talent."

You may be interested in

This figure reveals a structural gap between the supply of available talent and the real demands of the global market. The lack of profiles with international experience, technical certifications and advanced digital leadership skills limits the country's ability to attract greater foreign investment and consolidate itself as a strategic supplier of specialized talent, Fajer adds.

Latin America faces a growing demand for specialists in areas such as artificial intelligence, cybersecurity and cloud computing. In this context, Mexico, due to its geographic and cultural proximity to the United States, is positioned as a strategic option for companies looking for qualified talent, he explains.

In Mexico there are more than 250 Centers of Excellence in cities such as Mexico City, Guadalajara and Monterrey, which concentrate a large part of the talent and investment in innovation. However, the accelerated technological transformation and the pressure to meet global quality standards have raised the standards for professionals in the sector.

Automate the attraction, not the decision

Four years ago, around 70% of companies in Mexico were unable to fill technology vacancies, and between 40% and 50% of graduates from related careers were unable to find technology-related jobs.

Faced with this scenario, Codifin developed a recruitment model supported by artificial intelligence, focused on automating the attraction and initial filtering of candidates, without replacing human criteria in the final selection.

"The objective is to reduce time and increase the quality of the process. Today we can present candidates in an average of three days, with a rate of three candidates sent for each effective hiring," says Fajer.

This approach responds to one of the main demands of companies, especially multinationals: to form complete teams in short periods of time, without investing dozens of hours in unproductive interviews.

AI as a recruiter's ally

Unlike other sectors, Pablo Fajer, stresses that automation has not reduced its workforce, but rather expanded and strengthened it. "Technology did not come to replace people, but to elevate the value of the recruiter. Human contact is still key to assess soft skills and ensure the fit between candidate and company," explains the executive.

Fajer mentions that the company currently works with companies in sectors such as finance, retail, technology, automotive and insurance, as well as with startups in an accelerated growth stage that demand highly specialized talent. Despite the economic environment, Codifin reports a four-fold growth over the previous year, driven by investments in technology and the optimization of its recruitment processes.

Document NFINCE0020251218elci002e1




CE Noticias Financieras English
Mexico's Pharmacy Clinics Evolve Primary Care and Drive Growth

782 words
17 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

In Mexico's private pharmacy network sector, consulting rooms adjacent to pharmacies will grow 11% in 2025. Pharmacy-attached clinics already provide nearly 10 million consultations per month in the country, and now they are preparing to take another step: incorporating diagnostic services and short-stay surgeries, thus expanding their role in Mexico's primary care network. These clinics are becoming the first point of medical contact for millions of people in Mexico. Currently, there are approximately 20,000 clinics within a network of 50,000 private pharmacies, primarily concentrated in Mexico City, Guadalajara, and Monterrey.

The network's success lies in its accessibility, immediacy, and low cost. While patients visiting public services can wait hours or even weeks for an appointment, they can be seen immediately by a licensed doctor in these private clinics, with a consultation costing around 50 pesos (US$2.74).

The growth of services in pharmacy clinics will not stop there. The model is evolving toward a comprehensive offering of health services, which will include accessible diagnostic tests and short-stay outpatient surgeries.

We are seeing a new trend: private clinics offering minor surgeries at affordable prices. This will allow many patients to avoid waiting months for an operation in the public system.

President Claudia Sheinbaum recently announced the creation of 5,000 clinics with pharmacies, in partnership with Welfare Banks, focusing on rural areas and marginalized communities. This measure will strengthen primary care and reduce gaps in access to basic health services, but it is still insufficient, especially when compared to the network of over 50,000 private pharmacies, including both corporate and traditional outlets.

For us at Anafarmex A.C. and Pascual Farmacias Consulting, the clinics attached to pharmacies should no longer be seen as a "necessary evil," but as allies of the national health system, capable of generating useful clinical data for prevention campaigns and public policies.

These clinics are allies of any health system. If we could take advantage of the information they generate, we could have more accurate indicators and better prevention strategies; for example, against diabetes or hypertension.

Our surveys show that between 80% and 90% of users express satisfaction with waiting times, the treatment received, and the cost.

According to ANAPS (National Association of Health Providers) President Carlos Alejandro Salazar Gaytán, the medical devices market performance includes the following:

1. Industry value: US$254 billion

The global share of the medical device industry was valued at approximately US$254 billion in 2024, of which 8.66% corresponds to Mexican manufacturing, which is approximately US$22 billion.

2. 64% of exports go to the United States

The majority of Mexican medical device exports are destined for the United States (64%)

3. FDI: US$678 million

In 2024, foreign direct investment in this major industry reached US$678 million.

4. 9,492 companies

According to the Inter-American Development Bank's (IDB) competitiveness analysis, 9,492 companies dedicated to medical devices currently operate in Mexico.

5. 3.6% of total exports

Medical devices account for 3.6% of Mexico's total exports.

6. More than 10,000 types of medical devices

According to the World Health Organization (WHO) classification, there are more than 10,000 types of medical devices grouped into more than 2,000 categories.

7. 9.1% CAGR

Over the last 10 years, the medical devices industry in Mexico has experienced accelerated growth, even more dynamic than in other countries, with a CAGR of just over 9% in exports.

The pharmaceutical industry is also showing great economic dynamism, according to CANIFARMA (National Chamber of the Pharmaceutical Industry).

From 2019 to 2022, sales value increased by 29.8%, rising from MX$413 billion to MX$536 billion, contributing to employment, tax revenue, and investment in the country.

The greatest growth occurred from 2019 to 2020 (11.9%), with both the public and private sectors contributing to the increase, showing growth of 30.4% and 27.7%, respectively. It is an that will "undoubtedly reach MX$600 billion in the coming years," according to CANIFARMA.

Bayer: A Pharma Growth Example

With 100 years of existence in Mexico, Bayer is an example of companies in the sector posting double-digit growth. In recent years, Bayer has focused on significant launches that truly make a difference in areas where there are unmet medical needs, where Mexico and other countries face enormous access challenges, spending less and improving the health of their populations. We will continue to discuss the German leader in the pharmaceutical industry in a later article.

Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year in 2026.

Document NFINCE0020251217elch006rz




CE Noticias Financieras English
GDP growth in 2025 will be only 0.4%: ECLAC; consumption and  investment  to blame

403 words
17 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City - The Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) cut its growth forecast for the Mexican economy in 2025 to 0.4%, from 0.6% in October, while maintaining it at 1.3% for 2026.

The agency attributed the downward adjustment to the "pronounced deceleration of consumption and the contraction of investment".

In updating its economic expectations for the region, the organization added that the imposition of tariffs on Mexican products by the US has had a negative impact on announcements and the materialization of investments.

ECLAC specified that there are factors that can modify the estimate, both downward and upward, related to the pace of expansion of world economic activity, especially in the US, and with the volume of investment and consumption that is reached.

In the Preliminary Overview of the Economies of Latin America and the Caribbean, 2025, the organization recalled that in March, the US imposed tariffs of 25% on Mexican products that do not comply with the T-MEC, and that in June the tariff on steel and aluminum imports was increased from 25% to 50%.

He pointed out that although automotive exports that do not comply with the treaty's rules of origin are also subject to tariffs, in early May it was announced that automotive parts produced in Mexico and exported to the US would be exempt from barriers.

He indicated that on average, private consumption grew 0.1% at an annual rate between January and July, compared to the 3.5% increase in the same period last year, due to unemployment, the contraction of income and the decrease in remittances.

He affirmed that uncertainty and commercial protectionism began to have negative effects on Foreign Direct Investment, since in the first three quarters, flows fell 4.1% annually to 45,946 million dollars.

It added that between January and July, Gross Fixed Investment fell by an average of 7.3% compared to 6% growth in the same period of 2024, due to the contraction of public investment (-32.5%) and the weakening of investments in supply chains, partly related to the imposition of tariffs.

For 2026, Cepal estimated that the Mexican economy will grow to 1.3%, mainly due to an improvement in the international economic environment, an increase in investments and greater trade dynamism.

Document NFINCE0020251217elch004o2




ZOMX
Crecería PIB 2025 sólo 0.4%: Cepal; ‘Culpables’, consumo e inversión

Grupo Zócalo 
431 words
17 December 2025
Zócalo
ZOCALOM
Spanish
Grupo Zocalo 

Ciudad de México.- La Comisión Económica para América Latina y el Caribe (Cepal) recortó su previsión de crecimiento para la economía mexicana en 2025 a 0.4%, desde el pronóstico de 0.6% en octubre, mientras que para 2026 la mantuvo en 1.3 por ciento.

El organismo atribuyó el ajuste a la baja a la “pronunciada desaceleración del consumo y la contracción de la inversión”.

En la actualización de sus expectativas económicas para la región, la organización agregó que la imposición de aranceles a productos mexicanos por parte de EU ha tenido un impacto negativo en los anuncios y la materialización de inversiones.

La Cepal precisó que hay factores que pueden modificar la estimación, tanto a la baja como al alza, relacionados con el ritmo de expansión de la actividad económica mundial, especialmente de EU, y con el volumen de inversión y consumo que se alcance.

En el Balance Preliminar de las Economías de América Latina y el Caribe, 2025, el organismo recordó que en marzo, EU impuso aranceles de 25% a los productos de México que no cumplen con el T-MEC, y que en junio el arancel a las importaciones de acero y aluminio se incrementó de 25 a 50%.

Apuntó que aunque las exportaciones del sector automotor que no cumplen con las reglas de origen del tratado también están sujetas a aranceles, a principios de mayo se anunció que las piezas para automóviles producidas en México y exportadas a EU quedarían exentas de barreras.

Indicó que en promedio el consumo privado creció 0.1% a tasa anual entre enero y julio, frente al aumento de 3.5% en el mismo lapso del año pasado, debido al desempleo, la contracción del ingreso y la disminución de las remesas.

Afirmó que la incertidumbre y el proteccionismo comercial comenzaron a tener efectos negativos en la Inversión Extranjera Directa, pues en los tres primeros trimestres los flujos cayeron 4.1% anual a 45 mil 946 millones de dólares.

Añadió que entre enero y julio, la Inversión Fija Bruta se redujo en promedio 7.3% frente al crecimiento de 6% en el mismo periodo de 2024, debido a la contracción de la inversión pública (-32.5%) y al debilitamiento de las inversiones en las cadenas de suministro, relacionado en parte con la imposición de aranceles.

Para 2026, la Cepal estimó que la economía mexicana aumentará a 1.3% debido principalmente a una mejora en el entorno económico internacional, un aumento de las inversiones y un mayor dinamismo comercial.

Document ZOCALOM020251217elch000xu


INDUSTRY SNAPSHOTS - INDIA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 17 DEC 25_EN

20,798 words
17 December 2025
Acquisdata Global Industry SnapShot
ACQIND
English
Copyright 2025. Acquisdata Inc. 

LATEST COMPANY NEWS

This Week’s News

Yahoo Finance - Tata and Infosys to Bear Brunt of Trump’s $100,000 H-1B Worker Fee - 16/12/2025

President Donald Trump’s $100,000 price tag for new H-1B workers hired from outside the US could have punishing effects for the IT outsourcing and staffing industries that have long been a target of both parties.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-15/tata-infosys-to-bear-brunt-of-trump-s-100-000-h-1b-worker-fee

The New Indian Express - ‘Law to safeguard welfare of IT employees needed’: Telangana HC - 16/12/2025

The petitioner, who joined the company in 2019, alleged that he was made to execute a 52-month surety bond in phases.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.newindianexpress.com/states/telangana/2025/Dec/14/law-to-safeguard-welfare-of-it-employees-needed-telangana-hc

Carbon Copy - American tech companies to invest billions to build AI infra in India - 16/12/2025

American e-commerce giant Amazon has decided to pump in $35 billion into its India operations, with most of it being focused on AI.

For the complete story, see:

https://carboncopy.info/american-tech-companies-to-invest-billions-to-build-ai-infra-in-india/

Other Stories

digitimes - India roundup: Intel commits to India semiconductor mission - 15/12/2025

The Star - Amazon to invest over $35 billion in India by 2030 to expand operations, boost AI capabilities - 10/12/2025

DIGITIMES Asia - Navitas, Cyient Semiconductors partner to develop GaN ecosystem in India - 9/12/2025

CNBC - Microsoft to invest $17.5 billion in India’s AI infra as Big Tech queues up for the Asian market - 9/12/2025

CNBC - Tata, Intel deepen India semiconductor push with pact on chip supply chain and AI PCs - 8/12/2025

Media Releases

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE) - Coforge Unveils ‘Data Cosmos’ – A Next-Gen AI-Enabled, Cloud-Native Data & Analytics Platform Designed to Accelerate Enterprise Transformation - 16/12/2025

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) - Wipro and Google Cloud Expand their Strategic Partnership to Advance Enterprise Productivity - 12/12/2025

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS) - TCS Launches Google Cloud Gemini Experience Centre in Singapore to Drive Agentic AI-led Innovation - 11/12/2025

Latest Research

Employment tenure prediction for Indian IT professionals using linkedin network data and machine learning based techniques - By P Naik, S Chakraborti

Overviews of Leading Companies

Birlasoft Limited (NSE: BSOFT)

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP)

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE)

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH)

Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY)

Kavveri Telecom Products Limited (BSE: 590041)

KPIT Technologies Limited (NSE: KPITTECH)

LTIMindtree Limited (NSE: LTIM)

Sonata Software Limited (NSE: SONATSOFTW BSE: 532221)

Take Solutions Limited (NSE: TAKE)

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS)

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755)

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU)

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO)

Senior Associate: Joseph Hang Ellision

News and Commentary

Yahoo Finance - Tata and Infosys to Bear Brunt of Trump’s $100,000 H-1B Worker Fee - 16/12/2025

President Donald Trump’s $100,000 price tag for new H-1B workers hired from outside the US could have punishing effects for the IT outsourcing and staffing industries that have long been a target of both parties.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-15/tata-infosys-to-bear-brunt-of-trump-s-100-000-h-1b-worker-fee

The New Indian Express - ‘Law to safeguard welfare of IT employees needed’: Telangana HC - 16/12/2025

The petitioner, who joined the company in 2019, alleged that he was made to execute a 52-month surety bond in phases.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.newindianexpress.com/states/telangana/2025/Dec/14/law-to-safeguard-welfare-of-it-employees-needed-telangana-hc

Carbon Copy - American tech companies to invest billions to build AI infra in India - 16/12/2025

American e-commerce giant Amazon has decided to pump in $35 billion into its India operations, with most of it being focused on AI.

For the complete story, see:

https://carboncopy.info/american-tech-companies-to-invest-billions-to-build-ai-infra-in-india/

digitimes - India roundup: Intel commits to India semiconductor mission - 15/12/2025

Intel and Tata to assemble chips locally as global firms, including Amazon, Microsoft, and Vingroup, announced fresh investments in India.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20251212VL204/india-roundup-intel-chips-amazon-microsoft.html

The Star - Amazon to invest over $35 billion in India by 2030 to expand operations, boost AI capabilities - 10/12/2025

Microsoft announced it would invest $17.5 billion in India’s cloud and artificial intelligence infrastructure.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.thestar.com.my/tech/tech-news/2025/12/10/amazon-to-invest-over-35-billion-in-india-by-2030-to-expand-operations-boost-ai-capabilities

DIGITIMES Asia - Navitas, Cyient Semiconductors partner to develop GaN ecosystem in India - 9/12/2025

Navitas Semiconductor and Cyient Semiconductors have announced a strategic, long-term partnership aimed at advancing gallium nitride (GaN) technology adoption in India and establishing a comprehensive local GaN ecosystem.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20251209VL204/gan-partnership-high-power- manufacturing-development.html

CNBC - Microsoft to invest $17.5 billion in India’s AI infra as Big Tech queues up for the Asian market - 9/12/2025

Microsoft announced it would invest $17.5 billion in India’s cloud and artificial intelligence infrastructure.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/10/microsoft-india- investment-ai-infra-as-big-tech-google-aws.html

CNBC - Tata, Intel deepen India semiconductor push with pact on chip supply chain and AI PCs - 8/12/2025

Tata teamed with Intel to advance India’s push for homegrown chip manufacturing.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/09/tata-electronics-deal-intel-building-india-chip-supply-chain-semiconductor-mission.html

Media Releases

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE) - Coforge Unveils ‘Data Cosmos’ – A Next-Gen AI-Enabled, Cloud-Native Data & Analytics Platform Designed to Accelerate Enterprise Transformation - 16/12/2025

Greater Noida, December 16, 2025: Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE), a global digital services and solutions provider, announced the launch of Coforge Data Cosmos, an AI-enabled, cloud-native data engineering and advanced analytics platform designed to help enterprises transform fragmented data landscapes into intelligent, high-performing data ecosystems.

Enhancing Coforge’s technology stack, Data Cosmos introduces a foundational innovation platform that powers cloud-native, domain-specific solutions built using standard, reusable technology blueprints including Coforge’s own IP, accelerators, agentic components, and domain-aligned solutions. The platform is engineered to tackle real-world challenges such as data fragmentation, legacy systems modernization, high maintenance costs, limited self-service analytics, lack of unified governance, manual operations, and the complexity of GenAI adoption.

At its core, Coforge Data Cosmos is structured around five strategic technology solution portfolios - Supernova, Nebula, Hypernova, Pulsar, and Quasar that guide enterprises across the full data transformation lifecycle. Supernova accelerates modernization and migration from legacy to cloud; Nebula delivers modern data management in Data Governance, Metadata & DQ Management, leveraging GenAI & Agentic Systems. Hypernova powers next-generation cloud native data platforms; Pulsar enables agentic, autonomous, always-on DataOps & MLOps. Quasar accelerates GenAI adoption within enterprise data ecosystems by enabling LLMs via Model Garden and orchestrating Ai workflows at scale via Quasar Platform.

To further increase speed-to-value, Coforge has built the Data Cosmos Toolkit, a powerful suite of 55+ IPs and accelerators and 38 AI Agents powered by the Data Cosmos Engine. This toolkit enables enterprises to move faster with AI-enabled utilities and frameworks, scaling transformation with speed, reliability, and measurable impact.

Data Cosmos also powers Galaxy solutions, pre-built and custom-developed domain solutions tailored for specific industries. These Galaxy solutions combine industry-specific data models with the Data Cosmos toolkit and the five technology blueprints to solve vertical-specific challenges, enabling faster transformation and smarter decision-making. Coforge currently brings these solutions to key sectors including BFS, Insurance, Travel, Transportation & Hospitality, Healthcare, Public Sector, and Retail.

The platform is backed by a robust ecosystem of leading cloud providers and technology partners, enabling Data Cosmos to run seamlessly across multi-cloud and hybrid environments while integrating with modern data and AI platforms. This ecosystem approach ensures enterprises can leverage their existing investments while adopting the latest in cloud, data, and AI innovation.

Speaking about the solution, Deepak Manjarekar, Global Head – Data HBU, Coforge, said, “With Data Cosmos, we are setting a new benchmark for how enterprises convert data complexity into competitive advantage. This platform reflects our belief that the future belongs to organizations that can operate intelligence at every layer of their business. Our goal is simple – give our clients a data foundation that is fast, adaptive, and AI-ready from day one”

The platform is already being adopted in complex transformation programs, including unified data platform modernizations, AWS-powered data transformations, and unified data operations initiatives for global clients across financial services, insurance, and other industries.

https://www.coforge.com/who-we-are/newsroom/press-release/coforge-unveils-data-cosmos-a-next-gen-ai-enabled-cloud-native-data-analytics-platform-designed-to-accelerate-enterprise-transformation

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) - Wipro and Google Cloud Expand their Strategic Partnership to Advance Enterprise Productivity - 12/12/2025

Adopts Gemini Enterprise across its global operations to speed up decision-making and improve employee experience

Launches Google Cloud Gemini Experience Zone at Wipro’s Partner Labs in Bengaluru

EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J. | BENGALURU, India – Dec. 12, 2025: Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO), a leading AI-powered technology services and consulting company, is expanding its longstanding partnership with Google Cloud to enhance enterprise productivity and drive global digital transformation with Gemini Enterprise.

Wipro Intelligence™*, the unified suite of AI-powered platforms, solutions and transformative offerings, anchors Wipro’s “Client Zero” approach, with the company first deploying and validating solutions and innovations internally to ensure they are optimized and enterprise-ready before client rollout. As part of this strategy, Wipro is implementing Gemini Enterprise across its core corporate functions, including finance, human resources, sales, delivery, and customer support to accelerate decision-making, enhance operational efficiency, and improve employee experience.

Gemini Enterprise is Google Cloud’s next generation agentic AI platform, and the new front door to AI in the workplace. Powered by Google’s world-class Gemini models, it provides an intuitive conversational interface that enables employees to interact with and analyze company data and applications and build no-code AI agents with enterprise-grade security and controls using natural language.

In addition to the internal adoption of Gemini Enterprise across its global operations, Wipro will leverage its deep industry expertise, consulting-led approach, and the Wipro Intelligence™ suite to enable joint enterprise customers to transition from fragmented AI pilots to secure, production-ready agentic solutions at scale.

Towards this partnership outlook, Matt Renner, President and Chief Revenue Officer at Google Cloud, recently inaugurated the Google Cloud Gemini Experience Zone at Wipro’s Partner Labs – a cornerstone of Wipro Intelligence™ – at the Kodathi campus in Bengaluru. This cutting-edge zone offers hands-on access to joint Google Cloud solutions, and showcases more than 200 production-ready AI agents across industries such as Healthcare, Banking, Insurance, Retail, Communications, and Manufacturing.

“Wipro’s commitment to innovation and enterprise transformation, powered by Gemini Enterprise, reflects a bold vision and long-term dedication to driving industry leadership and strategic impact,” said Matt Renner, President and Chief Revenue Officer, Google Cloud. “Through our expanded partnership, we are moving customers beyond experimental AI pilots to real-world outcomes, thereby delivering production-ready AI agents that create measurable business value.”

Sanjeev Jain, Chief Operating Officer, Wipro Limited, said, “By deploying Gemini Enterprise at scale across our operations, we are deepening our partnership with Google Cloud to reimagine the future of work, and setting a global benchmark for responsible AI adoption. This AI-powered transformation, with Wipro Intelligence™ at the core, will drive efficiency, agility, and growth – positioning Wipro and our clients to lead the next wave of enterprise innovation.”

*Wipro Intelligence™ is Wipro’s unified suite of AI-powered platforms, solutions, and transformative offerings, designed to empower enterprises to scale with confidence and lead in an AI-first world. The Wipro Innovation Network is an integral part of Wipro Intelligence™, bringing together Wipro's innovation labs, partner labs, AI-native partners, Wipro Ventures, Topcoder, research & academia, as well as deep-tech talent to harness frontier technologies such as Agentic AI, Embodied AI, and Quantum Computing to co-innovate with clients and bring Wipro Intelligence™ to life.

https://www.wipro.com/newsroom/press-releases/2025/wipro-and-google-cloud-expand-their-strategic-partnership-to-advance-enterprise-productivity/

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS) - TCS Launches Google Cloud Gemini Experience Centre in Singapore to Drive Agentic AI-led Innovation - 11/12/2025

SINGAPORE| MUMBAI, December 11, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS), a global leader in IT services, consulting, and business solutions, today announced the launch of a state-of-the-art Google Cloud Gemini Experience Centre (GEC) in Singapore. Housed in TCS’ Singapore Global Innovation Labs, the center provides a dedicated tech-led environment for innovation, enabling enterprises from various industries to explore new possibilities with agentic AI. It is designed to empower organisations to co-create, prototype, and scale transformative business solutions.

The GEC combines TCS’ engineering strengths with Google Cloud’s leading AI and cloud technologies to enable rapid prototyping and scalable solutions. Through this collaboration, Singaporean businesses can harness Google’s Gemini models and agentic AI to boost agility, meet regulatory requirements, and deliver hyper-personalised customer experiences. Enterprises across sectors such as BFSI, retail, manufacturing, transport, and healthcare, can work directly with TCS and Google Cloud to embed AI across their value chains to streamline and transform traditional operations, strengthen security, and deliver adaptive, customer-centric services. The GEC will partner with enterprises in Singapore and beyond to realise innovative AI-driven possibilities.

Serene Sia, Country Director for Singapore and Malaysia, Google Cloud, "Our collaboration with TCS in Singapore through the Google Cloud Gemini Experience Centre demonstrates our commitment to helping enterprises unlock new possibilities with AI. The GEC provides a unique space where businesses can explore Google Cloud’s advanced AI technologies with TCS’ deep contextual expertise. The combined expertise of TCS and Google Cloud can help enterprises accelerate their digital transformation journeys, improving resilience, and enhancing customer engagement across industries."

Enterprises using the GEC can access rapid prototyping in dedicated sandbox environments using Google’s Gemini models and tools like Google Cloud’s Vertex AI platform and BigQuery autonomous data and AI platform. The GEC also provides access to Google Cloud’s AI-optimised infrastructure, including GPUs and TPUs, for accelerated testing, and enables co-creation of scalable AI applications with TCS’ Google Cloud-certified experts, ensuring secure, seamless, and responsible AI deployments.

Punit Agarwal, Country Head-Singapore, TCS, said, "Singapore is a hub of innovation and digital adoption, and the new Google Cloud Gemini Experience Centre enables organizations to combine human expertise with agentic AI to reimagine their businesses. By leveraging this dedicated space, clients can accelerate the creation of industry-defining solutions across customer engagement, decision-making workflows, and operational efficiencies. This initiative with Google Cloud positions enterprises in Singapore to lead with confidence in an AI-enabled future."

The new Google Gemini Experience Centre adds to TCS’ expansive innovation ecosystem in Singapore. Over the past four decades, TCS has made substantial investments in developing its research capabilities in Singapore. It recently launched an AI-Powered Research and Innovation Centre in Singapore to fast-track digital transformation for businesses globally and solidify Singapore’s position as a leading destination for emerging technology adoption in the Asia Pacific region.

TCS is committed to further supporting Singapore’s development, by expanding its AI research capabilities through strategic collaborations with universities and institutions like Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. TCS has also established the TCS GoZero Hub as an ASEAN Centre of Excellence for research, innovation, and collaboration to advance sustainable technologies and practices toward achieving global net-zero emissions targets.

TCS has been a longstanding Google Cloud partner, delivering advanced Google Cloud-powered solutions to clients. For its innovative solutions, TCS won several Google Cloud Partner of the Year Awards in multiple categories at Google Cloud Next 2025, including AI, data and analytics, and talent development.

https://www.tcs.com/who-we-are/newsroom/news-alert/tcs-launches-google-cloud-gemini-experience-centre-in-singapore-drive-agentic-ai-led-innovation

Latest Research

Employment tenure prediction for Indian IT professionals using linkedin network data and machine learning based techniques

P Naik, S Chakraborti

Abstract

Employee attrition is one of the most critical problems faced by the leading IT organizations across the world. In this research, we have undertaken a data-driven approach to predict the duration of employment for any employee in an IT organization within India. Unlike most extant research in this domain, we collected the employment and professional data about IT employees across multiple organizations directly from the LinkedIn website and later cleaned it and used it to build various machine learning based models. The results show that the decision tree regressor and the neural network models predict the tenure most accurately. We have also created clusters using our dataset and have done the risk profile analysis for each cluster. These investigations reveal that total experience, seniority, education, number of technology certifications, and professional connections, are the most significant factors in predicting duration of work for an employee within an organization. Based on the findings of this research, we have also proposed a framework which organizations can adopt for hiring and retaining employees.

https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s44257-025-00052-3

The Industry

Last updated: Apr, 2025

Introduction

The IT & BPM sector has become one of the most significant growth catalysts for the Indian economy, contributing significantly to the country’s GDP and public welfare. The IT industry accounted for 7.5% of India’s GDP, as of FY23 and is projected to hit 10% by FY25.

As innovative digital applications permeate sector after sector, India is now prepared for the next phase of growth in its IT revolution. India is viewed by the rest of the world as having one of the largest Internet user bases and the cheapest Internet rates, with 76 crore citizens now having access to the Internet.

The current emphasis is on the production of significant economic value and citizen empowerment, thanks to a solid foundation of digital infrastructure and enhanced digital access provided by the Digital India Programme. India is one of the countries with the quickest pace of digital adoption. This was accomplished through a mix of government action, commercial innovation and investment, and new digital applications that are already improving and permeating a variety of activities and different forms of work, thus having a positive impact on the daily lives of citizens.

India’s rankings improved six places to the 39th position in the 2024 edition of the Global Innovation Index (GII).

Market Size

According to the National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM), the Indian IT industry’s revenue touched US$ 227 billion in FY22, a 15.5% YoY growth and was estimated to have touched US$ 245 billion in FY23.

The IT spending in India is estimated to record a double-digit growth of 11.1% in 2024, totalling US$ 138.6 billion up from US$ 124.7 billion last year. By 2025, the Indian software product industry is projected to hit Rs. 8,68,700 crore (US$ 100 billion) as companies seek to expand globally.

The Indian software product industry is expected to reach US$ 100 billion by 2025. Indian companies are focusing on investing internationally to expand their global footprint and enhance their global delivery centres.

The data annotation market in India stood at US$ 250 million in FY20, of which the US market contributed 60% to the overall value. The market is expected to reach US$ 7 billion by 2030 due to accelerated domestic demand for AI.

India's IT industry is likely to hit the US$ 350 billion mark by 2026 and contribute 10% towards the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Infomerics Ratings said in a report.

As an estimate, India’s IT export revenue rose by 9% in constant currency terms to US$ 194 billion in FY23. Exports from the Indian IT services industry stood at US$ 199 billion in FY24.

The export of IT services has been the major contributor, accounting for more than 53% of total IT exports (including hardware).

BPM and engineering and R&D (ER&D) and software products exports accounted for 22% and 25%, respectively of total IT exports during FY23.

Exports from the Indian IT industry stood at US$ 194 billion in FY23. The export of IT services was the major contributor, accounting for more than 51% of total IT exports (including hardware). BPM, and Software products and engineering services accounted for 19.3% and 22.1% each of total IT exports during FY23.

The IT industry added 2.9 lakh new jobs taking the industry’s workforce tally to 5.4 million people in FY23.

By 2026, the increased use of cloud technology could create 14 million jobs and contribute Rs. 33,01,060 crore (US$ 380 billion) to India’s GDP.

Investments/ Developments

* Indian IT's core competencies and strengths have attracted significant investment from major countries and companies.

* Hyderabad, known for its prominence in the IT sector, achieved exports worth Rs. 2.68 lakh crore (US$ 32.2 billion) in FY24, with a workforce of 9.46 lakh employees. This represents a YoY growth of 11.2%.

* Direct employment in the IT services and BPO/ITeS segment was estimated to reach 5.4 million in FY23 with an addition of 290,000 people.

* The revenue of India’s public cloud services market totalled US$ 6.2 billion in 2022, and it is expected to reach US$ 17.8 billion by 2027 growing at a CAGR of 23.4%.

* Announced in January 2025, Reliance Industries is set to build the world’s largest data center in Jamnagar, Gujarat, marking a major step in its entry into India's Artificial Intelligence (AI) sector.

* In January 2025, TCS approved the Rs. 1,625 crore (US$ 187.1 million) acquisition of TRIL Bengaluru Real Estate Five & Six Ltd. to develop delivery centers, acquiring 100% equity in one year.

* In December 2024, TCS has expanded its partnership with Bank of Baroda, India’s second largest public sector bank, to continue to implement an end-to-end financial inclusion solution over the next five years.

* In November 2024, TCS Partners With IIT KGP to Launch Advanced Research Center for Innovation in Digital Health, Robotics & Intelligent Systems

* In November 2022, ICICI Bank introduced two new products for its NRI clients - Loan against Deposits (LAD) and Dollar Bonds, at its branch in GIFT City.

* In November 2022, Amazon Web Services announced the launch of its second AWSinfrastructure region in India - the AWS Asia Pacific (Hyderabad) Region. By 2030, it is anticipated that the region will support more than 48,000 full-time jobs annually thanks to investments totalling more than US$ 4.4 billion in India.

* In November 2022, Google established a partnership with local gaming startup SuperGaming through its Google Cloud division. As part of the collaboration, game developers who use Google Cloud to create, host, and distribute their games will have access to SuperGaming's SuperPlatform game engine.

* HDFC Bank partnered with Flywire to enable their customers to make fee payments digitally to overseas colleges and universities.

* In August 2022, Network People Services Technologies (NPST) announced that it was working on a banking super app. The high-end platform can be used by banks, fintech companies, and other BFSI players, and it will offer a seamless user experience with all banking, financial, and transactional services combined into a robust, smart app.

* In August 2022, PwC India announced that it was planning to hire 10,000 employees in the cloud and digital technologies space over the next five years.

* In October 2022, PE/VC investments in the technology sector stood at US$ 157 million across 12 deals.

* The computer software and hardware sector in India attracted cumulative foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows worth US$ 87.46 billion between April 2000-September 2024. The sector ranked second in FDI inflows as per the data released by Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT). Computer software and hardware make up 15.11% of the cumulative FDI equity inflows.

* In July 2022, the Union Bank of India (UBI) launched a Metaverse Virtual Lounge and Open Banking Sandbox environment in partnership with Tech Mahindra.

* In June 2022, ZStack International, a worldwide market leader in cloud computing, IaaS, and PaaS solutions, announced that they were entering India and the SAARC Region.

* In June 2022, Redington India, an IT provider, entered into a multi-year strategic agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to drive cloud technology adoption in India.

* American-Irish consumer credit reporting company Experian is planning a major expansion of its Global Innovation Centre (GIC) in Hyderabad to about 4,000 employees over the next three to five years. According to sources, GIC will concentrate on employing emerging technologies in the BFSI (banking, financial services, and insurance) sector, including cloud computing, big data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.

* In 2021, PE investments in the IT sector stood at US$ 23.4 billion.

* India’s IT startup ecosystem received record investments of nearly US$ 36 billion in privately held companies in 2021, up from US$ 11 billion in 2020.

* In March 2022, Licious, India’s largest tech-first, fresh animal protein brand, raised US$ 150 million in a Series F2 funding round.

* In March 2022, Byju’s raised US$ 800 million in funding as part of a pre-IPO round, which values the Bengaluru-based company at about US$ 22 billion.

* In March 2022, debt marketplace CredAvenue raised US$ 137 million in a funding round led by Insight Partners, B Capital Group and Dragoneer Investment Group, which propelled the startup’s valuation to US$ 1.3 billion.

* In February 2022, Hasura, a software company which helps developers with tools, raised US$ 100 million in a fresh funding round led by Greenoaks Capital, which elevated the company into a unicorn.

* In January 2022, Google announced plans to invest US$ 1 billion in India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd. to push India's digital ecosystem.

* Amazon partnered with Airtel to sell Amazon Web Services (AWS) to its customers and intends to inject US$ 1.6 billion into their two upcoming data centres in Hyderabad.

Government Initiatives

Some of the major initiatives taken by the government to promote the IT and ITeS sector in India are as follows:

* The Union Budget 2024-25, presented by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on July 23, 2024, proposes an allocation of Rs. 1,16,342 crore (US$ 13.98 billion) for IT and Telecom sectors.

* In March 2024, The Cabinet approved an allocation of over Rs. 10,300 crore (US$ 1.2 billion) for the IndiaAI Mission, marking a significant step towards bolstering India’s AI ecosystem.

* The government prioritizes cybersecurity, hyper-scale computing, AI, and blockchain. With data costs at Rs. 10/GB ($0.12/GB), India ranks among the world's cheapest.

* Cabinet approved PLI Scheme – 2.0 for IT Hardware with a budgetary outlay of Rs. 17,000 crore (US$ 2.06 billion).

* In September 2022, the new Telecommunications Bill 2022 was published for public consultation by the Ministry of Communications as a move toward creating a new telecom framework in India.

* In August 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), in collaboration with the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore (CSA), successfully planned and carried out the "Synergy" Cyber Security Exercise for 13 countries to build network resilience against ransomware attacks.

* In June 2022, STPI Director General Mr. Arvind Kumar stated that exports through STPI units have increased from Rs. 17 crore (US$ 2.14 million) in 1992 to Rs. 5.69 lakh crore (US$ 71.65 billion) in 2022.

* In May 2022, it was announced that Indians can now avail of their DigiLocker services through WhatsApp to get easy access to their official documents.

* In April 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) issued Directions to strengthen cybersecurity in the country.

* The government introduced the STP Scheme, which is a 100% export-oriented scheme for the development and export of computer software, including the export of professional services using communication links or physical media.

* In November 2021, the government launched the Internet Exchange in Uttarakhand to enhance the quality of internet services in the state.

* The Karnataka government signed three MoUs worth Rs. 100.52 crore (US$ 13.4 million) to help the state's emerging technology sector.

* In September 2021, the Indian government announced a plan to build a cyber-lab for the ‘Online Capacity Building Programme on Crime Investigation, Cyber Law, and Digital Forensics’ to strengthen cyber security capabilities.

* In September 2021, the Ministry of Electronics, and Information Technology (MeitY) organised a workshop under the theme of ‘Connecting all Indians’ to promote public and private stakeholders’ interest in the country and expand internet access to remote areas.

* In September 2021, the Indian government launched the Meghalaya Enterprise Architecture Project (MeghEA) to boost service delivery and governance in the state by leveraging digital technologies, to make Meghalaya a high-income state by 2030.

* In September 2021, the Indian government launched Phase II of the Visvesvaraya PhD Scheme to encourage research in 42 emerging technologies in Information Technology (IT), Electronics System Design & Manufacturing (ESDM) and Information Technology-Enabled Services (ITES).

* In September 2021, the Indian government inaugurated five National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology (NIELIT) Centres in three Northeastern states to boost the availability of training centres and employment opportunities.

* On July 2, 2021, the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises launched six technology innovation platforms to develop technologies for globally competitive manufacturing in India. The six technology platforms have been developed by IIT Madras, Central Manufacturing Technology Institute (CMTI), International Centre for Automotive Technology (iCAT), Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI), BHEL, and HMT, in association with IISc Bangalore.

* The Department of Telecom, Government of India and Ministry of Communications, Government of Japan, signed an MoU to enhance cooperation in areas of 5G technologies, telecom security and submarine optical fibre cable systems.

Road Ahead

India is the topmost offshoring destination for IT companies across the world. Having proven its capabilities in delivering both on-shore and off-shore services to global clients, emerging technologies now offer an entire new gamut of opportunities for top IT firms in India.

The IT spending in India is estimated to record a double-digit growth of 11.1% in 2024, totalling US$ 138.6 billion up from US$ 124.7 billion last year.

India’s public cloud services market grew to US$3.8 billion in the first half of 2023, expected to reach US$ 17.8 billion by 2027

By 2026, widespread cloud utilisation can provide employment opportunities to 14 million people and add US$ 380 billion to India's GDP.

As per a survey by Amazon Web Services (2021), India is expected to have nine times more digitally skilled workers by 2025.

In November 2021, Mr. Piyush Goyal, Minister of Commerce and Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Textiles, lauded the Indian IT sector for excelling in its competitive strength with zero government interference. He further added that service exports from India have the potential to reach US$ 1 trillion by 2030.

Notes: AI - Artificial Intelligence

References: Media Reports, Press Information Bureau (PIB), Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT), Department of Information and Technology, Union Budget 2023-24

Source: India Brand Equity Foundation

https://www.ibef.org/industry/information-technology-india

NASSCOM

Overview

NASSCOM, a not-for-profit industry association, is the apex body for the 180 billion dollar IT BPM industry in India, an industry that had made a phenomenal contribution to India's GDP, exports, employment, infrastructure and global visibility. In India, this industry provides the highest employment in the private sector.

Established in 1988 and ever since, NASSCOM’s relentless pursuit has been to constantly support the IT BPM industry, in the latter’s continued journey towards seeking trust and respect from varied stakeholders, even as it reorients itself time and again to remain innovative,without ever losing its humane and friendly touch.

NASSCOM is focused on building the architecture integral to the development of the IT BPM sector through policy advocacy, and help in setting up the strategic direction for the sector to unleash its potential and dominate newer frontiers.

NASSCOM’s members, 2800+, constitute 90% of the industry’s revenue and have enabled the association to spearhead initiatives at local, national and global levels. In turn, the IT BPM industry has gained recognition as a global powerhouse.

https://www.nasscom.in/about-us

Leading Companies

Birlasoft Limited (NSE: BSOFT)

Birlasoft and KPIT’s IT Services business, has merged to form a leading $500M publicly listed Enterprise Digital and IT Services company. As part of the multibillion dollar diversified The CK Birla Group, Birlasoft with its 10,000 employees, is committed to continuing our 157-year heritage of building sustainable communities. Birlasoft combines the power of domain, enterprise and digital technologies to reimagine business processes for customers and their ecosystem. Its consultative and design thinking approach makes societies more productive by helping customers run businesses.

https://www.birlasoft.com/

6/11/2025

Q2 FY 2025-26

Birlasoft Q2FY’26 Revenue up 3.4% QoQ to ?13,289 Mn

EBITDA up 34.3% QoQ at ?2,133 Mn, EBITDA margin expands to 16.0%

DSO improves to 55 days, Cash & cash equivalents up 26% YoY at ?23,434 Mn

Board recommends interim dividend of ?2.50 per share

New York and Pune, November 6, 2025: Birlasoft Ltd [BSE: 532400, NSE : BSOFT ], part of the multibillion-dollar CKA Birla Group, today reported its unaudited consolidated financial results for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025 (Q2 FY26).

Mr. Angan Guha, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Birlasoft, said, “We have delivered a healthy operating quarter in the face of a macroenvironment that remains challenging. Our performance during the quarter under review also reflects our ability to drive operational efficiencies and generate strong cash flows. We continue to make investments aimed at enhancing our capabilities and are leveraging advanced AI-led capabilities, including Agentic AI, across multiple engagements. Our pipeline remains robust and we expect an upswing in deal wins as customer decision-making picks up.”

"Our revenue grew 3.4% quarter-on-quarter to Rs 13,289 million. This was enabled by growth in our BFSI and Lifesciences & Services verticals, that offset some weakness in our Manufacturing vertical. EBITDA margin expanded from 12.4% in the preceding quarter to 16.0% in Q2 FY26. This was a result of improved operational efficiencies, exchange rate tailwinds, and some one-offs. We also maintained our robust track record of collections and cashflow generation, with cash and cash equivalents rising to ?23,434 million by the end of the quarter, up about 3% QoQ and 26% YoY. Our focus continues to be on prioritising operational efficiency, cashflow generation, and prudent capital allocation," said Mr. Chandrasekar Thyagarajan, Chief Financial Officer, Birlasoft.

Key Financial highlights for Q2 FY26

In INR ?

• Revenue at ? 13,289 M, up 3.4% QoQ

• EBITDA ? 2,133 M, EBITDA Margin at 16.0%

• PAT at ? 1,161 M translating to basic EPS (not annualized) of ?4.16

• Adjusted PAT at ? 1,477 M translating to basic EPS (not annualized) of ?5.28

• Cash and cash equivalents rise 2.5% QoQ and 26.1% YoY to ? 23,434 M

Other operating highlights

• Revenue performance during Q2FY26 was led by LSS and BFSI among verticals and by Infra among service lines. - Lifesciences & Services (LSS) up 6.4% and BFSI up 1.8% QoQ in dollar terms, while Manufacturing registered a sequential decline among verticals.

- Infra up 11.2% QoQ.

- Revenue contribution from Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20 customers increased QoQ.

• Signed deals of TCV $ 107 M during the quarter with new deal wins TCV of $ 40 M and renewals of $ 67 M.

• Active Client Count at 239 in Q2FY26 (compared to 247 in Q1FY26 and 261 in Q2FY25), reflecting some tail account rationalisation during Q2FY26.

• Cash & Cash equivalents stood at $ 263.9 M by the end of Q2FY26 versus $ 266.6 M at the end of Q1FY26, reflecting final dividend payout during the quarter under review. In rupee terms, cash and cash equivalents increased to ? 23,434 M at the end of Q2FY26 from ? 22,864 M at the end of the Q1FY26.

• Q2FY26 DSO improved to 55 days from 58 days in Q1FY26.

• Workforce strength stood at 11,892 as on 30th September 2025 and attrition was 13.3% during Q2FY26.

• During Q2FY26, the company achieved AWS DevOps Competency status which differentiates Birlasoft as an AWS Partner with deep expertise and a proven track record in delivering DevOps solutions that help enterprises accelerate application delivery, automate operations, and enhance agility with built-in security and scalability.

• Birlasoft has inducted Mr. Komal Jain, a seasoned IT services industry professional, as CEO?Americas. In this role, he will lead the company's business across the United States, Canada, and Latin America, with a focus on accelerating growth and strengthening client partnerships. He will also shape the company’s innovation agenda and drive strategic investments to further enhance its market leadership.

Key deal wins for the quarter

• Signed a deal with one of the largest agricultural and construction equipment manufacturing companies for their AI-driven supply chain transformation initiative focusing on optimizing warehouse picking operation by integrating AI software with SAP Extended Warehouse Management.

• Won a strategic deal on configuration management of a large Payments, Cards & Banking client’s core banking platform, replacing a global Tier-1 firm as the incumbent partner.

• Won a legacy ERP transformation project for a new multi-billion dollar global manufacturing client based in North America, demonstrating Birlasoft’s strong credentials in the Global ERP Transformation space.

• Signed a 5-year strategic partnership deal with a global player in the Communication/Tech sector to deliver a cutting-edge AI-enabled hyper automation solution to enhance their global application and infrastructure services.

• In the Insurance sector, acquired a new P&C commercial and speciality global client for modernizing and streamlining their finance operations across their global entities.

• Secured a multi-million-dollar engagement with a Fortune 500 industrial manufacturing company to develop Agentic AI-powered solutions that automate ERP conversions.

https://www.birlasoft.com/sites/default/files/resources/downloads/investors/birlasoft-q2-fy-2025-26-results-press-release.pdf

Capgemini Group (EPA: CAP)

Our Company

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms.

Business sub-brands

The Capgemini Group's core offer is supported by two specialized sub-brands that enable a full suite of end-to-end solutions for our clients.

Capgemini Invent

Capgemini Invent is our Group's ’s digital innovation, consulting and transformation brand. We bring to life what's next for our clients, by combining strategy, technology, data science and creative design expertise.

Sogeti

Sogeti works closely with its clients at a local level and mobilizes expert teams that create custom solutions from existing and emerging technologies to deliver viable outcomes at speed.

https://www.capgemini.com/our-company/

A History of our Founder, Serge Kampf

It’s 1967 in Grenoble, France: Television broadcasts are in color for the first time. The city is buzzing about the upcoming 1968 Winter Olympics. Inspired by these exciting technological and cultural changes, entrepreneur Serge Kampf decides the time is ripe to launch an IT company. And so began the Capgemini story.

https://www.capgemini.com/company-profile-key-figures/a-history-of-our-founder-serge-kampf/

28/10/2025

Capgemini Q3 2025 revenues

* Q3 2025 revenues of €5,393 million, up +2.9% at constant exchange rates*

* 9M 2025 revenues of €16,500 million, up +1.0% at constant exchange rates

* Updated 2025 financial targets:

Constant currency revenue growth of +2.0% to +2.5% (was -1.0% to +1.0%),

Operating margin of 13.3% to 13.4% (was 13.3% to 13.5%)

Organic free cash flow of around €1.9 billion (unchanged)

Paris, October 28, 2025 – The Capgemini Group reported consolidated revenues of €5,393 million in Q3 2025, up +0.3% year-on-year on a reported basis, and up +2.9% at constant exchange rates*.

Aiman Ezzat, Chief Executive Officer of the Capgemini Group, said: “The Group delivered a strong Q3, better than expected, thanks to the relevance of our AI-powered business and technology partner positioning and the targeted actions initiated a year ago, in a demand environment that is largely unchanged. Revenue growth improved in all regions, with a significant acceleration in North America. Demand continued to be driven by cloud, data and AI, with a strong focus on efficiency and optimization.

We are accelerating the integration of generative AI across our service portfolio to enable clients to achieve tangible business value. Our investments in proprietary platforms, delivery frameworks, and talent – combined with strategic partnerships – position us as a leader in AI. This is reflected in robust deal wins in generative and agentic-AI.

With the acquisition of WNS now complete, we lead in the fast-growing Intelligent Operations market addressing client demand for agentic AI-powered business operations.

On the back of this strong performance, we raise our growth target for 2025 to between +2.0% and +2.5% – as a reminder, this is above the top-end of the growth outlook communicated in February 2025[1] – and narrow our operating margin target to between 13.3% and 13.4%.”

Capgemini generated revenues of €5,393 million in Q3 2025, up +0.3% year-on-year on a reported basis. In an economic environment that remains uncertain, Capgemini continued to benefit from the targeted actions implemented over the last twelve months. As a result, at constant exchange rates, year-on-year revenue growth improved in Q3 in most regions, businesses and sectors, lifting the Group’s revenue growth from +0.7% in Q2 to +2.9% in Q3 2025.

For the first nine months of the year, revenues grew +1.0% at constant exchange rates and were essentially stable at -0.1% on a reported basis.

The overall demand environment remains stable, with clients continuing to invest selectively in initiatives that support operational efficiency and strategic transformation rather than growth-oriented programs. There is consistent interest in technology-led solutions that deliver tangible outcomes with sustained demand for cloud, digital core, data estate modernization and AI/GenAI solutions.

Bookings totaled €5,161 million in Q3 2025, an increase of +1.5% at constant exchange rates, leading to a book-to-bill ratio of 0.96 for the period in line with traditional seasonality.

OPERATIONS BY REGION

At constant exchange rates, revenues in the North America region (28% of 2024 Group revenues) rose +7.0% year-on-year. Growth was driven by the Financial Services and TMT (Telecoms, Media and Technology) sectors as well as the Manufacturing sector, notably in the Life Sciences industry.

Revenues in the United Kingdom and Ireland region (12% of 2024 Group revenues) grew by +9.0%. This robust growth was broad-based, with Financial Services and TMT sectors recording the strongest performance.

Revenues in France (20% of 2024 Group revenues) declined by -4.7%, notably driven by the persisting weakness in the Manufacturing sector.

Revenues in the Rest of Europe region (31% of 2024 Group revenues) decreased by -1.5%. Solid growth in the Public, Consumer Goods & Retail and Financial Services sectors were more than offset by the softness in the Manufacturing and Services sectors.

Finally, revenues in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America region (9% of 2024 Group revenues) increased by +13.6%. Growth was particularly robust across the Financial Services, Manufacturing, Energy & Utilities and TMT sectors.

OPERATIONS BY BUSINESS

At constant exchange rates, total revenues* of Strategy & Transformation services (9% of 2024 Group revenues) were slightly up by +0.7% year-on-year.

Applications & Technology services (62% of 2024 Group revenues and Capgemini’s core business) posted a solid growth of +5.7% of their total revenues.

Lastly, Operations & Engineering (29% of 2024 Group revenues) total revenues increased by +1.3%, with continued strong growth in Business Services.

HEADCOUNT

The Group’s total headcount stands at 354,700 as at September 30, 2025, up +4.7% year-on-year. The offshore workforce stands at 211,800 employees or 60% of the total headcount.

OUTLOOK

The Group’s financial targets for 2025 are updated as follows:

Revenue growth of +2.0% to +2.5% at constant currency (was -1.0% to +1.0%);

Operating margin of 13.3% to 13.4% (was 13.3% to 13.5%);

Organic free cash flow of around €1.9 billion (unchanged).

Following the completion of the acquisition of WNS, the contribution from M&A to revenue growth is now estimated to around 2 points (was around 1 point).

https://www.capgemini.com/news/press-releases/capgemini-q3-2025-revenues/

Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE)

Coforge is a leading global IT solutions organization, enabling its clients to transform at the intersect of unparalleled domain expertise and emerging technologies to achieve real-world business impact. A focus on very select industries, a detailed understanding of the underlying processes of those industries and partnerships with leading platforms provides us a distinct vantage. We leverage AI, Cloud and Insight driven technologies, allied with our industry expertise, to transform client businesses into intelligent, high growth enterprises.

Today our proprietary platforms power critical business processes across the Insurance, Financial Services and Travel industries. Our 11,000 technology and process consultants engineer, design, consult, operate and modernize systems across the world.

https://www.coforgetech.com/about-us

24/10/2025

Coforge posts robust Q2FY26, revenue up 8.1% QoQ, EBIT margin expands 251 bps sequentially

* Q2 revenue increases 8.1% QoQ in INR terms

* Q2 EBIT margin at 14%; expands 251 bps QoQ

* $514 Mn TCV order intake during the quarter

* Order Executable at $1.63 Bn, up 26.7% YoY

* Continued momentum on large deals with 5 large deals signed during the quarter

New Delhi and Princeton, New Jersey, October 24, 2025: Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE), a leading global IT solutions and services organization, today announced its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025

Key Financial Highlights

* Revenue: INR 3,986 crore / US$ 462 million * Up 8.1% QoQ in INR terms, 5.9% in CC terms, 4.5% in USD terms

* Up 31.7% YoY in INR terms, 25.7% in CC terms, 26.6% in USD terms

* EBIT margin at 14%, up 251 bps QoQ and 240 bps YoY

* EBITDA: US$ 84 Mn, up 11.5% QoQ and 42% YoY in US$ terms

* EBITDA margin at 18.3%, up 115 bps QoQ and 199 bps YoY

* PAT: INR 376 crores, up 18.4% on a QoQ basis and 86.0% on a YoY basis

The Board has recommended an interim dividend of INR 4/- per share, and the record date for this payout will be October 31, 2025

“The 8.1% sequential INR growth in Q2, a next twelve-month signed order book which is 26.7% higher YoY, a sales execution engine that signed 14 large deals last year and has already closed 10 large deals in the first half of this year, an EBIT margin expansion of 250 bps QoQ, coupled with one of the lowest employee attrition rates across the industry are all pointers to what we believe will be an exceptional fiscal’26. We remain steadfast in our commitment to turning in the ninth consecutive year of sustained and robust growth despite the uncertain macros.” said Sudhir Singh, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director, Coforge Ltd

Key Business Highlights

* Order Intake: US$ 514 Mn for the Quarter

* Executable Order Book over next twelve months at $1.63 billion, a 26.7% YoY increase

* Large Deal Momentum: 5 large deals signed this quarter across North America and APAC

* Headcount: stood at 34,896; net addition of 709 sequentially

* Attrition Rate: Maintained at 11.4%, among the lowest in the industry

Recognitions

* ISG positioned Coforge as a Leader in AI-Augmented Workforce Services in ISG’s Future of Work Services 2025 Provider Lens™ Study

* Everest group awarded Coforge the Everest Group Elevate Honor award for the Growth Honor of the year (annual revenue between USD 1 to 5 billion category).

* Avasant positioned Coforge as a Disruptor in Avasant Global Capability Center (GCC) Services 2025 RadarView™

* NelsonHall positioned Coforge as an Innovator in the Employee Workflow Services and the Technology Workflow Services in the NelsonHall’s ServiceNow Services 2025 NEAT.

Partnerships

* Salesforce recognized Coforge as the “Market Expansion Partner of the Year” for year 2025 at the Salesforce Agentforce Partner Summit

* Coforge entered into strategic partnerships with Workato and SnapLogic to expand its Integration and API Management portfolio

Awards

* Coforge was certified as a Great Place To Work® by the Great Place To Work India for the fifth consecutive year

* Coforge was recognized as one of the “Most Preferred Workplaces 2025-26” for the fourth time in a row by Marksmen Daily

* Coforge was declared the Winner of the ‘Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance’ for the year 2025

* The Coforge Public Library in Gurugram was recognized among the ‘Top 3 CSR Projects of the Year’ at the 2025 India CSR Awards, presented by Brand Honchos

https://www.coforge.com/who-we-are/newsroom/press-release/coforge-posts-robust-q2fy26-revenue-up-8.1-qoq-ebit-margin-expands-251-bps-sequentially

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH)

Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world’s leading professional services companies, transforming clients’ business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps many of the best-known organizations in every industry and geography envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses.

Founded in 1994 as a technology development arm of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, we were spun off as an independent company in 1996, and have worked closely with large organizations to help them build stronger businesses ever since. Today, Cognizant specializes in helping some of the world’s most established companies to stay the most loved brands in today’s fast-changing technology landscape by advancing every aspect of how they serve their customers: digitizing their products, services and customer experiences; automating their business processes; and modernizing their technology infrastructures.

Put simply, we help clients get digital done at scale and speed—the scale needed to transform their complex organizations to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities the latest technologies make possible, and the speed expected by their customers, partners and owners.

Organizing our horizontal capabilities into Cognizant Digital Business, Cognizant Digital Operations and Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology, we have made it easier for clients to approach us for solutions they require. Cognizant Digital Business helps clients redesign their business models, reinventing existing businesses and creating new ones by innovating products, services and experiences with digital. Cognizant Digital Operations helps clients reinvent their operating models, achieving hyperagility in core business processes by harnessing automation and intelligent, on-demand platforms and utilities. Cognizant Digital Systems & Technology helps clients refresh their technology models, matching their business’ capabilities with its ambitions by simplifying, modernizing and securing enabling systems. Because today, creating value by leveraging technology is very industry-specific, we continue to deepen our expertise in 20 different industries, including banking and financial services, healthcare, manufacturing and retail. And to help speed clients’ journeys toward becoming digital, we bring our digital capabilities and industry expertise together into horizontal offerings and industry solutions that accelerate the most essential leaps that today’s technology makes possible, and complement those solutions with consulting and services built for the speed of business today.

With headquarters in the U.S. and a rapidly-expanding footprint that extends from India and China to Europe, North America, South America, and the Middle East, we work around the globe—securely, quickly—while collaborating locally with clients, in person and in their local languages.

We consider it our responsibility to make people feel at home in the future, no matter how technologyenabled it becomes. So, we are committed to helping to solve some of humankind’s most difficult challenges in a way that is beneficial and comfortable for people through the work we do, and through investing in training people around the world in the digital skills that will be needed to do that work.

We believe that the opportunity presented by technology has never been greater, and because of that opportunity, Cognizant will continue to be one of the fastest-growing companies in our industry.

https://www.cognizant.com/my/en/about-cognizant

29/10/2025

Cognizant Reports Third Quarter 2025 Results

* Revenue of $5.42 billion increased 7.4% year-over-year or 6.5% in constant currency1, above the high end of our guidance range, and 3.2% sequentially or 2.8% in constant currency, driven by North America and organic growth across all segments

* Operating margin of 16.0% increased 140 basis points year-over-year; Adjusted Operating Margin1 of 16.0% increased 70 basis points year-over-year

* GAAP EPS of $0.56 declined by $0.61 year-over-year and includes the $0.80 impact of a one-time, non-cash income tax expense

* Adjusted EPS1 of $1.39 increased 11% year-over-year

* Trailing 12-month bookings of $27.5 billion increased 5% year-over-year

* Year-to-date $1.5 billion returned to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends; on track to return $2.0 billion in 2025

* 2025 constant currency revenue growth guidance is increased to 6.0% to 6.3%, above our prior guidance range

* 2025 Adjusted Operating Margin guidance is now approximately 15.7%, expansion of 40 basis points year-over-year, the high end of prior guidance range

TEANECK, N.J., Oct. 29, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Cognizant (Nasdaq: CTSH), one of the world's leading professional services companies, today announced its third quarter 2025 financial results.

"Third quarter revenue grew 6.5% year-over-year and 2.8% sequentially in constant currency, representing our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year organic revenue growth and our strongest sequential organic growth since 2022," said Ravi Kumar S, CEO. "We maintained our large deal momentum, signing six large deals in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 16 with 40% growth in large deal TCV year-to-date compared to the same period last year. I am proud of our year-to-date top-tier revenue growth, which is a testament to our differentiated capabilities at the intersection of technology and industry. We believe our three vector AI builder strategy is gaining traction and we expect our early investments in AI-led platforms and IP on the edge will help power growth in the years ahead."

"Third quarter revenue was well above our guidance range with broad-based growth across segments and geographies, including noteworthy performance in North America. Strong execution and cost discipline drove 70 basis points of year-over-year Adjusted Operating margin expansion, robust cash flow and year-to-date Adjusted EPS growth of 11%," said Jatin Dalal, CFO. "We have increased our full-year revenue guidance to 6.0% to 6.3% year-over-year constant currency growth, above our prior range and deployed $1 billion through share repurchases through Q3, underscoring our confidence in our growth strategy."

Bookings

On a trailing-twelve-month basis, bookings increased 5% year-over-year to $27.5 billion, which represented a book-to-bill of approximately 1.3x. Bookings in the third quarter declined 5% year-over-year. Third quarter bookings included six large deals, which are deals with total contract value of $100 million or greater.

Employee Metrics

On a trailing-twelve months basis, Voluntary Attrition - Tech Services was 14.5% for the period ended September 30, 2025, as compared to 15.2% and 14.6% for the periods ended June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, respectively. Total headcount as of September 30, 2025 was 349,800, an increase of 6,000 from June 30, 2025 and 9,700 from September 30, 2024.

Return of Capital to Shareholders

The Company repurchased 6.3 million shares for $450 million during the third quarter under its share repurchase program. Year-to-date, the company has repurchased 13.1 million shares for $994 million under the program. As of September 30, 2025, there was $2.2 billion remaining under the share repurchase authorization. In October 2025, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.31 per share for shareholders of record on November 18, 2025. This dividend will be payable on November 26, 2025.

Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2025 Guidance2

(all growth rates year-over-year)

* Fourth quarter revenue is expected to be $5.27 - $5.33 billion, growth of 3.8% to 4.8%, or 2.5% to 3.5% in constant currency.

* Full-year 2025 revenue is expected to be $21.05 to $21.10 billion, growth of 6.6% to 6.9%, or 6.0% to 6.3% in constant currency.

* Full-year 2025 Adjusted Operating Margin3 is expected to be approximately 15.7%, or 40 basis points of expansion.

* Full-year 2025 Adjusted Diluted EPS3 is expected to be in the range of $5.22 to $5.26.

Select Company, Client and Partnership Announcements

Cognizant is building a portfolio of capabilities combined with deep domain expertise to harness and advance an AI-led future. Cognizant's progress has been accelerated through client agreements, platform enhancements, and partnerships. Recent announcements include:

Client Announcements

* Signed a multi-year agreement with Pearson to enhance Pearson's platforms with generative and agentic AI and help Pearson enhance its products including learner experiences and applications by implementing cloud-native solutions with a microservices architecture, leveraging Cognizant Flowsource™. Additionally, Cognizant aims to use its Agent Foundry and Neuro® SAN solutions to help enhance Pearson's critical business processes.

* Announced an agreement with North Carolina Turnpike Authority (NCTA) to develop and implement a next-generation tolling back-office system. It aims to eliminate the need for traditional toll transponders, allowing drivers to pay tolls directly through automobile infotainment systems. Cognizant's IoT and API development capabilities are expected to be central to enabling a successful proof of concept (POC), laying the foundation for infrastructure-less tolling.

* Announced a contract with AP Pension, one of Denmark's leading life and pension companies. Cognizant will deliver business process outsourcing (BPO) and Robotic Process Automation (RPA) services to AP Pension. By adding additional capacity and expertise, Cognizant will help AP Pension improve efficiency, free up internal resources for strategic tasks, and, at the same time, strengthen the overall customer experience.

* Announced an agreement with SmartestEnergy, a supplier of energy solutions. As SmartestEnergy scales its operations internationally, Cognizant has been selected to deliver an end-to-end Managed Extended Detection & Response (MXDR) service, covering technology, people, and processes. Through ongoing monitoring and threat prevention, Cognizant aims to help SmartestEnergy minimize disruptions, protect sensitive data, and strengthen trust with clients and partners.

Platform Enhancements and Partnerships

* Partnering with Workfabric AI, the company building the context engine for enterprise AI. As part of this initiative, Cognizant will train and equip its context engineers with Workfabric AI's ContextFabric™ platform, which transforms the organizational DNA of enterprises — how their teams work, including their workflows, data, rules, and processes — into actionable context for AI agents.

* Announced an engagement with Temenos, a global banking technology leader, to develop and market Temenos Country Model Bank in Australia. Temenos Country Model Bank is an extension of its core banking platform designed to accelerate go-live for financial institutions. As a preferred partner for Australia, Cognizant aims to accelerate banking innovation in Australia by integrating emerging technologies into Temenos' core banking operations.

* Announced an agreement with Rubrik, a security and AI operations company, to provide Business Resilience-as-a-Service (BRaaS) for mutual customers. The new BRaaS offering combines Rubrik's cyber resilience platform with Cognizant's extensive domain and industry expertise, with the goal of delivering industrialized solutions designed to support client compliance objectives and enhance the business resilience lifecycle for clients.

Select Company Recognition, Announcements, and Analyst Ratings

* Announced its participation in the AI Education Taskforce meeting at the White House, joining senior executives from leading AI companies and officials from the Trump Administration to support a national initiative aimed at expanding AI education across the United States. As part of this collaborative effort, Cognizant was among the first of more than one hundred organizations that pledged to empower America's youth with the skills and knowledge needed to thrive in an AI-driven future.

* "Vibe Coding" event set GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ title. Cognizant assembled the world's largest online generative AI hackathon, producing over 30,600 working prototype projects. Over a ten-day period, over 53,000 Cognizant associates across 40 countries took part in a Vibe Coding event, a global initiative designed to democratize innovation and build AI fluency at scale.

* Introduced Cognizant Enterprise Vibe Coding Blueprint, a suite of services and reusable IP that enables Global 2000 organizations to operationalize AI-assisted coding across technical and non-technical teams, securely and at scale. Cognizant has designed the suite of services for organizations that want to use vibe coding to power innovation and drive culture change.

* Included in World's Best Employers list by Forbes in collaboration with Statista. The World's Best Employers were chosen through an independent survey covering a broad sample of more than 300,000 participants from 50 countries.

https://news.cognizant.com/2025-10-29-Cognizant-Reports-Third-Quarter-2025-Results

Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY)

Overview

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.

With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

https://www.infosys.com/about/pages/index.aspx

Established in 1981, Infosys is a NYSE listed global consulting and IT services company with more than 228,000 employees. From a capital of US$ 250, we have grown to become a US$ 11.8 billion (FY19 revenues) company with a market capitalization of approximately US$ 47.7 billion.

In our journey of over 37 years, we have catalyzed some of the major changes that have led to India's emergence as the global destination for software services talent. We pioneered the Global Delivery Model and became the first IT Company from India to be listed on NASDAQ. Our employee stock options program created some of India's first salaried millionaires.

https://www.infosys.com/about/Pages/history.aspx

16/10/2025

Results for the Second Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Quarterly revenue crosses $5 bn mark; Second consecutive quarter of strong performance

Revenue growth of 2.2% sequentially in Q2 and 3.3% in H1 in CC; Large deal TCV at $3.1 Bn and FCF at $1.1 Bn

FY26 revenue guidance revised to 2%-3% and margin guidance retained at 20%-22%

Bengaluru, India – October 16, 2025: Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY), a global leader in nextgeneration digital services and consulting, delivered $5,076 million in Q2 revenues, year on year growth of 2.9% and sequential growth of 2.2% in constant currency. Operating margin was at 21.0%. Free cash flow generation was strong at $1.1 billion, 131.1% of net profit. TCV of large deal wins was $3.1 billion, with net new of 67%. Employee headcount increased by 8,203.

H1 revenues grew at 3.3% year over year in constant currency. Operating margin for H1 was at 20.9%.

“We have now delivered two consecutive quarters of strong growth, demonstrating our unique market positioning and client relevance. Strong deal wins, with 67% net new in Q2, reflect our deep understanding of clients’ priorities to deliver value from AI in this environment”, said Salil Parekh, CEO and MD. “Our proactive investments, over the last three years, in embracing an AI-first culture within Infosys has ensured that our people are reskilled to thrive in a human+AI workplace. Infosys Topaz’s differentiated value proposition is unlocking value at scale in every transformation program” he added.

Guidance for FY26:

• Revenue growth of 2%-3% in constant currency

• Operating margin of 20%-22%

Key highlights:

For the quarter ended September 30, 2025

• Revenues in CC terms grew by 2.9% YoY and 2.2% QoQ

• Reported revenues at ?44,490 crore, growth of 8.6% YoY

• Operating margin at 21.0%, decline of 0.1% YoY and growth of 0.2% QoQ

• Basic EPS at ?17.76, growth of 13.1% YoY

• FCF at ?9,677 crore, growth of 38.0% YoY; FCF conversion at 131.2% of net profit

For the six months ended September 30, 2025

• Revenues in CC terms grew by 3.3% YoY

• Reported revenues at ?86,769 crore, growth of 8.1% YoY

• Operating margin at 20.9%, decline of 0.2% YoY

• Basic EPS at ?34.47, growth of 10.9% YoY

• FCF at ?17,210 crore, growth of 6.5% YoY; FCF conversion at 120.4% of net profit

We had robust all-round performance in Q2 - strong growth, resilient margins, very high cash generation and 13.1% EPS growth year on year in rupee terms. We continue to make strategic investments to futureproof the business with a tight focus on execution, amidst high uncertainty”, said Jayesh Sanghrajka, CFO. “In line with our Capital Allocation Policy, we have announced a share buyback for ?18,000 crores during the quarter and an interim dividend of ?23 per share, an increase of 9.5% over last fiscal”, he added.

Client Wins & Testimonials

• Infosys transformed ABN AMRO’s lending process with nCino platform implementation by consolidating multiple legacy systems into a single, unified platform. Hans-Willem Giesen, IT Lead–Credits, ABN AMRO, said, “The transition to the nCino Platform, facilitated by our partners like Infosys, has brought about a significant shift in how we manage our lending process. This solution will improve operational efficiency, enhance our collateral management capabilities, and provide our customers with a faster, more transparent experience. As we look to the future, this platform will be a cornerstone of our continued growth and transformation.”

• Infosys collaborated with Mastercard to offer financial institutions enhanced access to Mastercard Move, its portfolio of money movement capabilities, and thereby scale crossborder payments. Pratik Khowala, EVP and Global Head of Transfer Solutions, Mastercard, said, “Through Mastercard Move’s cutting-edge solutions, we empower individuals and organizations to move money quickly and securely across borders. The strategic collaboration with Infosys provides financial institutions with easy access to these capabilities, enabling them to facilitate fast, secure and reliable cross-border payments for their customers while enhancing control of risk, operations, costs and liquidity for themselves. Together with Infosys, we’re helping financial institutions deliver the seamless digital payments experiences today’s customers expect.”

• Infosys extended its strategic collaboration with Sunrise to accelerate its IT transformation, with a strong focus on data security, operational agility, and future AI integration. Anna Maria Blengino, CIO, Sunrise, said, "Through our strategic collaboration with Infosys, we are consolidating our technology landscape and infusing it with AI, putting enhanced customer experience at the heart of this transition. The Sunrise and Infosys teams are working side by side with a true one-team mindset to design and deliver platforms that are more agile, predictive, and scalable.”

• Infosys announced a joint venture with Telstra, in Australia, by acquiring 75% of the shareholding in Versent Group, a wholly owned subsidiary of Telstra Group, to propel AIenabled cloud and digital solutions for enterprises. Vicki Brady, Chief Executive Officer, Telstra, said, “Our collaboration with Infosys reflects our confidence in the value we can unlock together. Their global scale, deep industry knowledge, and culture of innovation and service excellence will be instrumental in accelerating Versent Group’s growth and impact across the region.”

• Infosys collaborated with RWE AG to drive automated digital workplace transformation and improve operational efficiency. Gülnaz Öne?, Group CIO of RWE, said, “By leveraging modern technologies and aligning them with our sustainability and efficiency goals, we are streamlining operations, empowering our people, and creating value across RWE. Our collaboration with trusted partners like Infosys underscores our commitment to a resilient, agile digital workplace that drives sustainable growth.”

• Infosys collaborated with HanesBrands Inc to unlock hyper productivity and AI-driven efficiency in the digital, business applications, and data landscape. Scott Pleiman, Chief Strategy, Transformation, Analytics and Technology Officer, HanesBrands, said, “As we continue to evolve our operational model, we sought an experienced collaborator with deep domain expertise and advanced capabilities in AI-driven transformation. Infosys’ AIfirst approach and proven ability to scale innovation aligned with our long-term vision for agility, efficiency and customer-centricity.”

• Infosys collaborated with AGCO to deliver IT and HR operations transformation with an efficient and future-ready operational framework for growth. Viren Shah, Chief Digital & Information Officer, AGCO Corporation, said, "At AGCO, we’re committed to delivering excellence in everything we do, always putting Farmers First. Collaborating with Infosys is intended to enable us to create a responsive, streamlined and innovative operational ecosystem within IT and other functions that allows our teams to focus on critical and strategic initiatives that center on the farmer.”

• Uniting Financial Services (UFS), Australia, subscribed to Infosys Finacle’s Digital Banking SaaS suite on AWS cloud, in a move that was completed in less than five months. John McComb, Chief Risk Officer and Acting CEO, Uniting Financial Services, said, “We are delighted to announce the successful go-live of the Finacle platform. Our goal was to modernise our core banking and digital capabilities to enhance the experience for clients. With Infosys Finacle, we have found a long-term technology partner, with the ability to deliver a future-ready platform that meets the needs of our operations today and supports our ambitions for tomorrow in a rapidly evolving financial services landscape.”

• Infosys collaborated with Glion Arena Kobe as their official digital innovation and GX partner to power smart and sustainable entertainment experiences. Jun Shibuya, President and Representative Director, One Bright KOBE Corporation, said, “Glion Kobe Arena is a new landmark commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake. Our vision for the arena is to become a pioneering next-generation entertainment venue, offering spectacular events while operating sustainably. We are happy to announce our agreement with Infosys as our official digital innovation and GX partner. Leveraging Infosys' innovative solutions will help us aggregate data, utilize cloud technologies, explore new revenue opportunities, and deliver a seamless experience for all our fans and visitors.”

https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2/documents/ifrs-inr-press-release.pdf

Kavveri Telecom Products Limited (BSE:590041)

Profile

Kavveri Telecom is a leading telecom products manufacturer, providing world-class, hardware products and solutions for the telecom industry.

Founded in 1991 by a highly innovative team, Kavveri Telecom designs, develops, tests and implements a diverse range of products, from concept to deployment. With over 150 R&D man-years of experience, Kavveri Telecom is uniquely positioned to offer an array of world-class products and solutions to meet all hardware requirements of telecom manufacturers, telecom service providers and telecom users. Kavveri Telecom Products Limited is a company registered under Companies Act 1956 vide CIN L85110KA1996PLC019627. The company had changed its name from Kaveri Telecoms Limited to Kavveri Telecom Products Limited vide fresh certificate of incorporation dated 19.08.2003 issued by ROC Karnataka.

Kavveri Telecom combines expertise with experience to deliver state-of-art products and solutions spanning the wide spectrum of wireless Telecommunications. The diverse range of products manufactured by Kavveri Telecoms includes Antennas, RF Components, Repeaters, TMA/TMB.

The Company also enjoys the stature of being the largest manufacturer of Antennas & RF products in India. With 30,000 Sq. ft. area of R&D manufacturing infrastructure for design, development & production of Microwave Components, RF products and Antennas, Kavveri Telecoms has the capacity of manufacturing over 1,00,000 high quality Antennas & 10,000 RF products per month.

Headquartered in Bangalore, India, with three well-equipped production plants, Kavveri Telecom is geared to meet all telecom hardware needs of clients across the globe. Kavveri Telecom's esteemed clientele include industry giants such as Ericsson, Motorola, Spice, Airtel, BSNL, ISRO, World Space and Airports Authority of India.

http://www.kavveritelecoms.com/

Q1-FY26

For full release, see:

https://kavveridefence.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Quarterly-Results-Q1FY26.pdf

KPIT Technologies Limited (NSE: KPITTECH)

An Independent Software Integration

Partner to Global Automotive Leaders

01 Focused on Automotive & Mobility

02 Worldwide footprint with Direct presence in Germany, Americas, Japan, India, Korea, China

03 Only embedded software company with deep domain expertise across CASE (Connected, Autonomous, Shared, Electrified) domains

04 Key Strategic clients and alliances in the Mobility ecosystem

KPIT is a global technology company with software solutions that will help mobility leapfrog towards autonomous, clean, smart and connected future. With 6000+ Automobelievers across the globe, specializing in embedded software, AI & Digital solutions, KPIT enables customers accelerate implementation of next generation mobility technologies . With development centers in Europe, Americas, Japan, China, Thailand and India – KPIT works with leaders in mobility and is present where the ecosystem is transforming.

https://www.kpit.com/about/

18/11/2025

KPIT Technologies Reports Q2 FY26 Results: 4.4% Revenue Growth Amid Strategic Acquisitions

Overview

KPIT Technologies, a global automotive software solutions provider, released Q2 FY26 results showing 4.40% year-on-year dollar revenue growth and 21.10% EBITDA margin. The company faced a $65 million revenue reduction due to client deprioritization and solution cannibalization. Strategic moves include Caresoft consolidation and increased stake in N-Dream to 90% for EUR 2.82 million. KPIT anticipates growth recovery in Q4 and reports significant deal wins from European OEMs.

The company's 4.40% year-on-year dollar revenue growth indicates a positive trajectory, despite facing headwinds. The achievement of a 21.10% EBITDA margin suggests efficient cost management and operational effectiveness.

However, KPIT Technologies experienced a significant revenue reduction of $65.00 million due to client deprioritization and solution cannibalization. This highlights the dynamic nature of the automotive technology sector and the need for continuous innovation and client engagement.

Strategic Acquisitions and Investments

KPIT Technologies has been proactive in strengthening its market position through strategic moves:

Caresoft Consolidation: The company completed the consolidation of Caresoft, which may enhance its capabilities in the automotive software domain.

N-Dream Stake Increase: KPIT Technologies increased its stake in N-Dream to 90% for EUR 2.82 million. This investment could potentially expand the company's portfolio and market reach.

These strategic actions demonstrate KPIT's commitment to growth and diversification in the automotive technology space.

Future Outlook

The company appears optimistic about its near-term prospects:

* KPIT Technologies is positioning itself for growth recovery in Q4.

* The company reports meaningful deal wins from European OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers), which could contribute to future revenue streams.

As the automotive industry continues its digital transformation, KPIT Technologies' focus on strategic acquisitions and client wins from major European OEMs may play a crucial role in its future performance. However, the impact of these strategies on the company's financial results remains to be seen in the coming quarters.

https://scanx.trade/stock-market-news/earnings/kpit-technologies-reports-q2-fy26-results-4-4-revenue-growth-amid-strategic-acquisitions/24945778

LTIMindtree Limited (NSE: LTIM)

LTIMindtree is a new kind of technology consulting firm. We help businesses transform – from core to experience – to thrive in the marketplace of the future. With a unique blend of the engineering DNA with the experience DNA, LTIMindtree helps businesses get to the future, faster.

LTIMindtree at a Glance

$ 3.5 Bn +

Revenue

750 +

Clients

90,000 +

Employees

30 +

Countries

https://www.ltimindtree.com/about-us/

16/10/2025

* LTIMindtree Delivers Strong Quarter, Broad-based Growth Across Business

* Revenue growth of 2.4% QoQ in CC

* EBIT margin expands by 160 bps QoQ to 15.9%

* INR revenue crosses 10,000 crores for the quarter

Mumbai, October 16, 2025: LTIMindtree [NSE: LTIM, BSE: 540005], a global technology consulting and digital solutions company, announced its consolidated results today for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025, as approved by its Board of Directors. “Q2FY26 has been a strong quarter for us, marked by broad-based performance across our business. We delivered our second consecutive quarter of growth with margin improvement ahead of plan. We are committed to becoming an AI-centric organization, leveraging our BlueVerse™ ecosystem. Our strategy remains on course, and our results reflect disciplined execution, the depth of our client relationships, and solid progress in our ongoing transformation.”

Venu Lambu, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director

Key financial highlights:

Quarter ended September 30, 2025

In USD:

- Revenue at $1,180.1 million (+2.3% Q-o-Q / +4.8% Y-o-Y)

- Revenue in constant currency (+2.4% Q-o-Q / +4.4% Y-o-Y)

- Operating margin (EBIT) at 15.9%, expands by 160 bps Q-o-Q

- Net profit at $156.8 million (+6.6% Q-o-Q / +4.9% Y-o-Y)

In INR:

- Revenue at ?1,03,943 million (+5.6% Q-o-Q / +10.2% Y-o-Y)

- EBIT at ?16,481 million (+17.2% Q-o-Q / +13.0% Y-o-Y)

- Net profit at ?13,812 million (+10.1% Q-o-Q / +10.4% Y-o-Y)

Other highlights:

Clients:

- 749 active clients as of September 30, 2025

- $1 million+ clients increased by 10 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 402

- $5 million+ clients increased by 4 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 158

- $10 million+ clients increased by 5 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 93

- $20 million+ clients increased by 3 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 45

- $50 million+ clients increased by 2 on a Y-o-Y basis, total 14

People:

- 86,447 professionals as of September 30, 2025. Added 2,558 employees in Q2.

- Trailing 12-month attrition was 14.2%

- Utilization (ex-trainees) at 88.1%

Deal Wins

• LTIMindtree secured a large deal with a leading global media and entertainment company to drive its digital transformation and enable an AI-centric delivery model.

• LTIMindtree has been selected as a Strategic Partner by a global financial institution to deliver end-to-end technology and consulting services across all its lines of business, spanning multiple geographies, positioning us as one of their five major service partners.

• LTIMindtree has been selected by a global manufacturer of chemicals to oversee and execute their technology transformation in a rapidly evolving industry landscape. LTIMindtree will deploy its BlueVerse™ tech to drive AI efficiencies and streamlined processes for cost management and rapid innovation.

• LTIMindtree has expanded its strategic partnership with a global hospitality major through a significant, multi-year deal to accelerate their digital and guest loyalty transformation initiatives.

• LTIMindtree has won a contract from the Government of India’s Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) to transform India’s PAN infrastructure. Our recent press release highlights the win in detail.

• LTIMindtree has been chosen as a Strategic Partner by a leading Fintech solution provider to deliver Merchant Certification Services through an automation-first approach.

• LTIMindtree has been chosen by a Europe-based life sciences company to lead a largescale ERP transformation, reimagining all key business processes through an S/4 HANA implementation.

• LTIMindtree expanded its strategic engagement by winning a large deal with a technology major to drive cloud migration for their customers, enabling quicker timeto-market in a cost-effective way.

Partnerships

• LTIMindtree has been named a Leader across all three evaluated quadrants — Snowflake Implementation Services, Snowflake Managed Services, and Snowflake Consulting and Advisory Services — in the ISG Provider Lens™ Snowflake Ecosystem Partners 2025 - U.S.

• LTIMindtree has been recognized as one of the Strategic Global Partners featured in Microsoft’s FY26 Agentic AI Playbook.

• LTIMindtree has signed a Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS and is named as Elite Partner for VMware migrations to drive growth across key industries through targeted solutions in Migration, Modernization, GenAI, and SAP.

• LTIMindtree has launched BlueVerse™ Foundry on AWS Marketplace, enabling customers to discover, purchase, and deploy BlueVerse™ Foundry through their AWS accounts.

• LTIMindtree’s next-gen AI-powered Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) is now available on the AWS Marketplace, offering enterprises a scalable and intelligent customer engagement platform.

• LTIMindtree has partnered with Shopify to set up an AI Commerce Center of Excellence to create industry accelerators.

• LTIMindtree has partnered with Adobe to launch BlueVerse™ CraftStudio, a new-age marketing agency built to help clients maximize and accelerate AI-driven marketing ROI.

https://www.ltimindtree.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/earnings-release-factsheet-q2fy26.pdf?pdf=download

Sonata Software Limited (NSE: SONATSOFTW BSE: 532221)

ABOUT US

Sonata is a global technology company specialising in platform-based digital transformation, supporting businesses to become connected, open, intelligent and scalable. Sonata’s Platformation™ methodology brings together industry expertise, platform technology excellence, design innovation and strategic engagement models to deliver sustained value to customers. A trusted partner of world leaders in the retail, manufacturing, distribution, travel, services and software industries, Sonata’s software portfolio includes the Brick & Click Retail Platform©, Modern Distribution Platform©, Rezopia Digital Travel Platform©, Kartopia E-commerce Platform©, Halosys enterprise development automation Platform©, CTRM Commodity Trading and Risk Management Platform© and KODO - AI Powered Customer Experience (CX) Platform. Sonata’s Platformation approach ensures services built on Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft Azure, AWS, Cloud Engineering and Managed Services deliver on the Platformation promise. As world leaders in digital technologies including IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, Chatbots, Block Chain and Cyber Security, Sonata’s people and systems are nurtured to deliver on our commitment to excellence in business technology solutions.

PLATFORMATION

Platformation: Steering the Digital Agenda and accelerating Enterprise Transformation

While enterprises worldwide are struggling to create a meaningful approach to Digital transformation, modern ‘born digital’ businesses have been successful in create tremendous value and disrupting incumbent business models. It is also evident that ‘Platforms’ are the secret success sauce for Born digital companies. How can traditional enterprises imbibe platform thinking into their digital transformation journey? Can incumbent businesses think like a digital native as part of their digital transformation ?

Platformation is our unique approach to help incumbent businesses achieve their digital transformation mandates. We leverage the power of platforms to help clients create & implement platform based business models. By combining engineering excellence with industry experience, niche horizontal expertise, platform assets& IPs - Sonata helps build open, connected, intelligent and scalable platforms that form the core of modern digital businesses today.

Platformation facilitates interaction between enterprises, consumers andecosystem players thereby unlocking value. This enables swift response to changing customer demands through innovative services/ product propositions creating value to all stakeholders. Couple this with a innovativedesign thinking led approach from steering the digital agenda to execution by leveraging ‘born digital’ ,specialized assets & accelerators – clients can truly accelerate their enterprise transformation irrespective of where they are on their digital journey.

Platformation enables orchestrating the digital ecosystem and execution of digital business processes through a combination of platform characteristics.

As trendsetters in this concept, we believe that platforms are much more than just stacks of technology layers. Building a robust digital platform requires bringing together various technology platforms across Information Systems, Data & Analytics, IoT, ecosystem and customer experience platforms.

Digital platforms built using the Platformation framework embodies and delivers the following capabilities and functionalities:

The technology environment, application build approach, and the IT operations model work together as one system.

Integrated stacks to common standards on the cloud in a high secure environment, with auto scaling.

Applications are designed as micro-services, with multi-device and channel-reach capability, with Big Data, AI, IoT, and Telemetry-enabled functionalities for intelligent contextual transactions which can be easily integrated and orchestrated within this standard environment.

Operations approaches include full automation with continuous development, integration, and deployment capability for fast, flexible feature releases.

In-built operations analytics that help platform self-learning are used to measure, control and optimize system performance.

https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us

13/11/2025

Consolidated PAT grew by 10% QoQ. Declares second interim dividend of ?1.25 per share.

Mumbai, November 13, 2025

Sonata Software [NSE: SONATSOFTW, BSE: 532221], a leading Modernization Engineering Company, today reported its unaudited financial results for the Quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025.

Commenting on the Q2 performance, Mr. Samir Dhir, MD & CEO of Sonata Software, said: “International IT Services reported steady progress during the quarter, consolidated PAT improving by 10% quarter-on-quarter. The business secured a large deal in the healthcare vertical with a leading provider, reaffirming our focus on driving growth through large deals and consistent execution. Our continued strategic investments in Artificial Intelligence are delivering results, with AI-led orders accounting for approximately 10% of the overall order book for the quarter. As clients accelerate AI-enabled modernization to enhance competitiveness, we remain confident in the company’s long-term growth trajectory.”

Mr. Sujit Mohanty, MD & CEO of Sonata Information Technology Limited, added: “We continue to execute on our three-pillar strategy focused on driving growth in the Microsoft SMC sector, expanding our AI-led partnerships with ISVs, and securing large system integration deals. During the quarter, we added new clients across all three pillars, with particularly strong traction in the Microsoft SMC segment. Despite prevailing industry headwinds in certain sectors, our disciplined execution and focused investments continue to position us well for sustained growth.”

Financial Highlights for Q2’26:

International IT Services:

* In USD terms, Q2’26 revenue stood at $82.0 million, growth of 0.2% QoQ and 1% in CC.

* In Rupee terms, Q2’26 revenue stood at ?730.3 crores, growth of 4.3% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 17.3%, 70bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?78.0 crores, growth of 10.3% QoQ

* DSO stood at 68 days in Q2’26, compared to 62 days in Q1’26.

* ROCE stood at 17.8% in Q2’26, compared to 14.7% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 22.6% in Q2’26, compared to 20.9% in Q1’26.

* 6 new customers were added during the quarter.

Domestic Products & Services:

* Revenue for Q2’26 stood at ?1391.3 crores, decline of 38.8% QoQ.

* Gross contribution for Q2’26 stood at ?68.7 crores, growth of 0.3% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 3.3%, 140bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?42.2 crores, growth of 9.3% QoQ.

* DSO stood at 42 days in Q2’26, compared to 63 days in Q1’26.

* ROCE stood at 43.8% in Q2’26, compared to 33.6% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 42.5% in Q2’26, compared to 32.5% in Q1’26.

Consolidated:

* Revenue for Q2’26 stood at ?2,119.3 crores, decline of 28.5% QoQ.

* EBITDA (before other income and forex) for Q2’26 stood at 8.1%, 280bps accretion QoQ.

* PAT for Q2’26 stood at ?120.2 crores, growth of 10.0% QoQ.

* Cash and cash equivalents (gross) stood at INR 323 Crores.

* Cash and cash equivalents (net) stood at negative ? 280 Crores.

* ROCE stood at 22.1% in Q2’26, compared to 18.5% in Q1’26.

* RONW stood at 27.1% in Q2’26, compared to 24.0% in Q1’26.

* The Company has declared its second interim dividend for the financial year at ?1.25 per share.

This is in line with the commitment made during the previous earnings call to implement a quarterly interim dividend payout policy starting this year.

About Sonata Software Limited

In today's market, there is a unique duality in technology adoption. On one side, extreme focus on cost containment by clients, and on the other, deep motivation to modernize their Digital storefronts to attract more consumers and B2B customers.

Sonata Software, with $1 Billion Revenue, is the leading AI-led Modernization Engineering company. Our unique Modernization approach through Platformation.AI helps create Efficient and Agile digital businesses to drive intelligent ecosystems of the future. Our bouquet of Modernization Engineering Services cuts across Data, Cloud, Dynamics, Automation, Cyber Security, and around newer technologies like Generative AI, Microsoft Fabric, and other modernization platforms.

Our unique and innovative Responsible-first AI offering Sonata Harmoni.AI is a comprehensive platform powered by GenAI and encompasses a variety of industry solutions, service delivery platforms, and accelerators. It is distinguished by its embedded ethics, privacy, security, and compliance. We enable our clients to leverage AI in three different ways: i) driving efficiencies, ii) driving higher consumer experience/modern sales, and iii) driving innovative business models. We have launched bleeding edge Agentic AI offering – AgentBridge – that enables enterprises to usher in the era of intelligent, scalable AI-driven operations.

Headquartered in Bengaluru, India, Sonata Software has a strong global presence, including key regions North America, UK, Europe, APAC, and ANZ. We are one of the fastest growing IT Services companies and a trusted partner of Fortune 500 companies in Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI); Healthcare and Lifesciences (HLS); Telecom, Media, and Technology (TMT); and Retail, Manufacturing and Distribution (RMD) space.

Sonata Software boasts of a very strong partnership with Microsoft, AWS and many others. We are proud member of Microsoft AI Partner Council and have also achieved AWS Generative AI Competency. Also, we are member of the prestigious Inner Circle for Microsoft Business Applications and Featured and Launch Partner for Microsoft Fabric.

About Sonata Information Technology Limited

Sonata Information Technology Limited, our Domestic Business, partners with Indian enterprise customers in their digital transformation journeys. As a digital transformation partner, it helps enterprises adopt and scale cloud solutions, fostering innovation and growth. It also helps customers in managing & maintaining their Hybrid Cloud Platforms and related enterprise IT security environments.

https://www.sonata-software.com/newsroom/press-release/consolidated-pat-grew-10-qoq-declares-second-interim-dividend-rs125-share

Take Solutions Limited (NSE: TAKE)

TAKE Solutions delivers domain-intensive services in Life Sciences and Supply Chain Management.

In the fast-growing Life Sciences space, TAKE offers clients a unique combination of full-service Clinical, Regulatory and Safety services backed by unique technology expertise. Our range of services span from clinical trials to regulatory submissions to post-marketing safety, all backed by insights derived through proprietary industry networks forums. With a team of leading Life Sciences experts, best-in-class systems and processes, and bespoke, industry-specific technology and analytics, TAKE delivers successful outcomes for clients. Our global roster of clients includes large and small innovator biopharmaceutical companies as well as generics manufacturers.

In Supply Chain Management, TAKE focuses on high-margin niches in engineering services, and supply chain collaboration. Our IP-led approach enables its clients to automate supply chain processes, track, trace & control at item level, mandate supplier compliance, and streamline material & shipment movement, and thus optimize their processes.

With operations spread across North America, Europe, Asia, and South America, TAKE is a Public Company, listed in India on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange. Led by a team of industry stalwarts and domain experts, TAKE has been growing steadily with FY20 revenues touching INR 22,129 Mn (USD 312 Mn).

https://www.takesolutions.com/index.php/about-us

Q1 - FY26

Total Income:

From a reported ?0.04 crores in Q1FY26, a substantial drop from the previous quarter's (Q4FY25) figure, though the exact figure for Q4FY25 is not mentioned in the provided search results.

Total Expenses:

Similarly, expenses also declined significantly, from ?0.95 crores in Q1FY26, also indicating a substantial decrease compared to Q4FY25.

Profit Before Tax:

The company experienced a net loss before tax in Q1FY26, at -?0.91 crores, which is a massive decrease from the previous quarter (Q4FY25).

Tax:

Tax expenses were recorded as ?0.00 crores, which is a 100% decrease from the previous quarter.

For full release, see:

https://www.takesolutions.com/images/financial/Consolidated_Q1_FY26_TSL.pdf

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (NSE: TCS)

ABOUT US

Helping Clients Create the Future

TCS combines tech expertise and business intelligence to catalyze change and deliver results.

What We Do

We ensure the highest levels of certainty and satisfaction through a deep-set commitment to our clients, comprehensive industry expertise and a global network of innovation and delivery centers.

Our mission is to help customers achieve their business objectives by providing innovative, best-in-class consulting, IT solutions and services and to make it a joy for all stakeholders to work with us.

We function as a full stakeholder to business, offering a consulting-led approach with an integrated portfolio of technology led solutions that encompass the entire Enterprise value chain. Our Customer-centric Engagement Model defines how we do engage with you, offering specialized services and solutions that meet the distinct needs of your business.

We build bespoke teams around your domain and technology requirements drawn from our talent pool of over 469,261 global professionals including 36.4% women from 147 nationalities. Our domain expertise has been built upon decades of experience working across industries and this knowledge underpins our suite of solutions.

Our organization structure is domain led and empowered to help provide Customers a single window to industry specific solutions. Agile industry units have embedded capabilities to enable rapid responses that provide a competitive edge to our Customers. This is coupled with a unique Global Network Delivery Model™ (GNDM™), spanning 40 global locations, that is today recognized as the benchmark of excellence in technology deployment.

We have made significant investments in Digital platforms and products spanning Technology Products, Horizontal Platforms and Products, Vertical Platforms and Products.

Our Customers

As a strategic partner to our Customers across 10 industries, we help them deliver their business goals and drive technology led transformations.

Our clients across the world have achieved significant business results using our world-class solutions and have recognized us for their efforts: We have been ranked number one for customer satisfaction in Europe’s largest survey of service provider performance. Conducted across 13 countries in Europe by Whitelane Research. This is the third consecutive year that we have topped the customer satisfaction ranking for the IT services industry, with TCS also being rated number one across all nine individual key performance indicators (KPIs).

Our Talent

We operate on a global scale, with diverse talent base of over 469,261 associates (including subsidiaries) representing 147 nationalities, across 46 countries as of 31-Dec-2020. We are one of the largest employers of women with 36.4% women employees.

We have been recognized as a Global Top Employer by the Top Employers Institute - one of eight organizations worldwide to have achieved this status. In its assessment of 1,072 companies worldwide in 2016, the Top Employers Institute rated TCS as an exceptional performer across nine core Human Resources (HR) areas: talent strategy, workforce planning, on-boarding, learning and development, performance management, leadership development, career and succession management, compensation and benefits and company culture.

Today, we are building a hyper-connected organization using internal social platforms to ensure extensive collaboration and engagement among our employees. This acts as a critical driver of competitive advantage among the 82% digital natives in our employee base. Our ability to provide holistic long term careers based on continuous learning driven by our anytime, anywhere, any device digital learning ecosystem helps us attract and develop the best talent. Our ability to create an ‘experience’ for our employees have helped us consistently have the highest retention rates in our industry globally. Learn more about careers and opportunities at TCS.

https://www.tcs.com/about-us

9/10/2025

TCS sets course to become the world’s largest AI-led technology services company

Broad-based growth and disciplined execution delivers strong Q2 performance

Announces strategic investments

New business entity to build world class AI infrastructure - 1 GW capacity AI datacenter in India

Board approves acquisition of ListEngage with deep capabilities in Salesforce

Sustained investments in nurturing AI-first culture and talent - World’s largest ‘Ideate and Build with AI’ Hackathon with 275,000 TCSers

MUMBAI, October 9, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) reported its consolidated financial results according to Ind AS and IFRS, for the quarter ending September 30, 2025. Highlights of the Quarter Ended September 30, 2025

• Revenue at $7,466 million, up 0.6% QoQ, Sequential growth: 0.8% in Constant Currency

• International Revenue grows 0.6% QoQ in Constant Currency

• Broad-based growth across verticals, led by continued momentum in BFSI (+1.1% QoQ CC), TSS (+1.8% QoQ CC)

• Life Sciences and Healthcare (+3.4% QoQ CC), Manufacturing (+1.6% QoQ CC) and CMI (+0.8% QoQ CC) deliver growth amidst industry specific challenges

• Operating Margin at 25.2%; an expansion of 70 bps QoQ

• Net Income at $1,464 million, +3.0% YoY | Net Margin at 19.6%

• Cash flow from Operations at 110.1% of Net Income

• Q2 Total Contract Value (TCV): US$10 billion

• Dividend per share: ? 11| Record date October 15,2025| Payment date November 4,2025

K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, said “I am pleased with our strong Q2 performance. I would like to thank all our employees for their dedication and excellence. We are on a journey to become the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. Our journey is anchored in bold transformation across talent, infrastructure, ecosystem partnerships and customer value. The investments including the building of a world-class AI infrastructure business demonstrate our commitment to this transformation.”

Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director - President and Chief Operating Officer, said “We delivered strong growth momentum led by Data, Cloud and AI powered enterprise transformation. Our customer engagements are focused on rapid value realization to deliver speed, efficiency and growth. TCS' AI Hackathon set a new benchmark – is the largest, most diverse and innovative AI-first culture building initiative. Our new AI and Services Transformation unit will further scale and integrate our efforts.”

Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer, said, “We achieved good growth momentum across all verticals this quarter. Our disciplined execution helped us expand our margins while making strategic investments. We have prioritized wage hikes, building future-ready capabilities and establishing new ecosystem partnerships. Looking ahead, our financial resilience and robust balance sheet will support both internal transformation initiatives and external investments aligned with our aspiration.”

Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief HR Officer, said: “I am honoured to take over this responsibility as we chart our path to becoming the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. I look forward to working with our employees and all stakeholders as we pursue this exciting vision”.

Key Highlights:

• Expanded strategic partnership with Tryg, a leading Scandinavian non-life insurance company that operates in Denmark, Sweden, and Norway. As part of the seven-year $647 million agreement, TCS will partner with Tryg to simplify and standardise operations across its three major markets and drive technological transformation, to accelerate the company’s growth journey.

• A leading global healthcare company is significantly expanding its strategic partnership with TCS through a multi-year multi-hundred-million-dollar contract that aims to accelerate growth and transformation across value-based care, health benefits, pharmacy services, and customer experience. The partnership encompasses a broad scope of services, including AI, cloud solutions, data management, digital services, cybersecurity, enterprise solutions, and innovation. This achievement stands as a testament to TCS's deep domain expertise, AI-led delivery capabilities, and strategic investments in innovation, positioning the company as a trusted transformation and Innovation partner.

• ALDI SOUTH has extended its strategic partnership with TCS to modernize its IT infrastructure and application landscape across continents. As part of this engagement, TCS will deliver its Cloud Operations Solution to drive automation, strengthen cyber resilience, and enhance service delivery while reducing costs and complexity. This long-term collaboration reinforces TCS’s role as ALDI SOUTH’s trusted technology partner, enabling the retailer to build a scalable, adaptive, and futureready enterprise.

• Expanded collaboration with Weatherford International, a multinational oilfield service company headquartered in North America, with a focus on enhancing operational efficiencies across critical domains such as finance, supply chains, and human resources using advanced AI solutions. TCS will leverage its expertise in automation, artificial intelligence, and digital optimization to drive enterprise-wide business transformation initiatives for Weatherford.

• Partnered with NOW Corporation’s telecom arm, to bolster national digital sovereignty, enable financial inclusivity, and build a clean network for the Philippines. Through this Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), TCS commits itself to support the company with capabilities to expand trusted networks, provide sovereign cloud technology and a cyber-defense suite, along with creating robust citizen-centric services.

• Launched a new AI-driven operations center in Mexico City, reiterating the company’s commitment to continue accelerating innovation in Mexico and Latin America. The new office in Mexico City is TCS’ eighth operations center in Mexico where the company has built a workforce of over 11,000 highly skilled associates over the last 22 years.

• Selected by Kesko, a leading Finnish retail group, as its strategic IT partner to spearhead the transformation of its core technology landscape across the Nordics and Baltics. This partnership is set to play a pivotal role in Kesko’s journey to modernize operations, enhance business agility, and support its long-term growth and expansion ambitions in grocery, car, building and technical trades across multiple geographies and sectors.

• Enabled ICICI Lombard to achieve fully automated AWS multi-region Disaster Recovery (DR) switchover. This establishes ICICI Lombard as one of the first insurance companies in India to achieve fully automated multi-region resilience on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.

• Announced a partnership with Unilab, Inc., a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare company in the Philippines, to modernize its core business systems through a strategic cloud migration. This transformation will strengthen Unilab’s digital infrastructure, enhance operational agility, and drive long-term business growth.

• Announced a multi-year partnership with ARN Media, one of Australia’s leading audio-led entertainment companies, to streamline operations, bringing together automation, global delivery optimization, and creating a cloud-first data platform.

• Announced the launch of Chiplet-based System Engineering Services, designed to help semiconductor companies push the boundaries of traditional chip design. By using chiplets (which are small integrated circuits that serve as building blocks of larger chips), TCS is enabling chipmakers to deliver faster, efficient, and more powerful processors at a time when global demand for advanced semiconductors is soaring.

• Announced strategic partnership with The Warehouse Group, largest retailing group in New Zealand, to support the next phase of the retailer’s digital transformation journey. Under the scope of the partnership, TCS will focus on technology modernization and transformation by streamlining and consolidating platforms and maximizing value from existing investments across the end-to-end retail value chain. TCS will support the Group in building the capabilities and services needed to improve performance.

• Selected by a leading Australian bank to transform its Mortgage and Institutional Banking backoffice operations. As part of the engagement, TCS will help the bank improve operational efficiency and elevate experience by embedding advanced AI and GenAI solutions into its core processes. This, combined with intelligent automation and data-driven insights, will enable the bank to speed up decision-making, improve accuracy, and ensure seamless service delivery across the critical banking functions.

• Expanded our strategic partnership with a large U.S. Insurer to help them drive operational stability, optimize cost, and enhance productivity in the infrastructure engineering space. As a part of this multi-year deal, TCS will consolidate multiple infrastructure technology towers across Site Reliability, Database Reliability & Cloud Operations. By adopting a scalable operating model and leveraging advanced software engineering and AI, TCS will also assist in migrating critical application workloads to a new infrastructure. The transformation will not only build reliability in operations but also set Insurer on the path of long-term sustained growth.

• A leading North American enterprise networking company has selected TCS as a partner for AIinfused Application Maintenance and Support across Enterprise functions. As part of the deal, TCS will also expand the Full Stack Observability Lab services to further strengthen end-to-end monitoring. By integrating cognitive automation at the core of IT operations, TCS aims to deliver substantial cost efficiencies and increased business value over the three-year duration of the agreement.

• Expanded strategic partnership with an Australia-based integrated infrastructure services provider for its AI-driven business operations. TCS has been a strategic partner spanning across transformation and managed services programs across Cloud, Infrastructure, Enterprise Solutions. In the quarter gone by, the client further advanced its partnership with TCS for advanced AI platform such as ignio™ and AI WisdomNext, and consultation of ERPs for achieving operational efficiency, resilience and TCO reduction.

• TCS has extended its partnership with a leading US insurer to drive technology and business transformation initiatives, and enable the client’s shift toward an AI-driven future. TCS will provide enhanced support across key areas including Insurance and Retirement, Investment Solutions, Technology, Cybersecurity, Marketing, Actuarial, and Data Management. This extension reaffirms TCS’ role as a trusted transformation partner, committed to delivering innovation, and long-term value.

• TCS has secured a multi-year strategic partnership with a leading UK-based Insurance services provider to transform and manage its digital platforms. TCS will deploy AI based innovative solutions to build an integrated engineering platform to optimize IT Change and Operations. Additionally, Agentic AI-enabled solutions will be delivered across front and back-office functions to enhance operational efficiency and elevate customer experience.

https://www.tcs.com/content/dam/tcs/investor-relations/financial-statements/2025-26/q2/IFRS/Press%20Release%20-%20USD.pdf

Tech Mahindra Limited (NSE: TECHM, BSE: 532755)

Tech Mahindra represents the connected world, offering innovative and customer-centric information technology experiences, enabling Enterprises, Associates and the Society to Rise™. We are a USD 4.9 billion company with 131,500+ professionals across 90 countries, helping 946 global customers including Fortune 500 companies. Our convergent, digital, design experiences, innovation platforms and reusable assets connect across a number of technologies to deliver tangible business value and experiences to our stakeholders. Tech Mahindra is the highest ranked Non-U.S. company in the Forbes Global Digital 100 list (2018) and in the Forbes Fab 50 companies in Asia (2018).

The Mahindra Group is a USD 20.7 billion federation of companies that enables people to rise through innovative mobility solutions, driving rural prosperity, enhancing urban living, nurturing new businesses and fostering communities. It enjoys a leadership position in utility vehicles, information technology, financial services and vacation ownership in India and is the world’s largest tractor company, by volume. It also enjoys a strong presence in agribusiness, aerospace, commercial vehicles, components, defense, logistics, real estate, renewable energy, speedboats and steel, amongst other businesses. Headquartered in India, Mahindra employs over 2,40,000 people across 100 countries.

https://www.techmahindra.com/company/default.aspx

14/10/2025

Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended September 30, 2025

Tech Mahindra reports EBIT of ? 1,699 Crores, up 32.7% YoY; New deal-wins at USD 816 Mn – YoY growth of 35%; Interim dividend declared at ? 15 per share

Tech Mahindra (NSE: TECHM), (NSE: TECHM), a leading global provider of technology consulting and digital solutions to enterprises across industries announced the audited consolidated financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.

Financial highlights for the quarter (USD)

* Revenue USD 1,586 mn;

* up 1.4% QoQ, down 0.2% YoY in reported terms

* up 1.6% QoQ, down by 0.3% YoY in constant currency terms

* EBIT USD 192 mn; up 11.5% QoQ, up 25.6% YoY

* EBIT Margin 12.1%, up 108 bps QoQ, up 254 bps YoY

* Profit After Tax (PAT) USD 135 mn; up 1.5% QoQ; Operational PAT* up 28.2% YoY

* Profit After Tax (PAT) Margin 8.5%, flat QoQ, Operational PAT* margin up 188 bps YoY

* Free cash flow USD 237 mn

* New deal wins TCV USD 816 mn

Financial highlights for the quarter (?)

* Revenue ? 13,995 crores; up 4.8% QoQ, up 5.1% YoY

* EBIT ? 1,699 crores; up 15.0% QoQ, up 32.7% YoY

* Consolidated PAT ? 1,195 crores; up 4.7% QoQ; Operational PAT* up 35.5% YoY

* Diluted Earnings per share (EPS) at ? 13.46

Other Highlights

* Total headcount at 152,714; down 1,559 YoY

* LTM IT attrition at 12.8%

* Days of Sales Outstanding 94 days; flat YoY

* Cash and Cash Equivalent at the end of the quarter ? 7,287 crores

* Interim dividend declared ? 15 per share

*Excludes exceptional item of land sale proceeds in Q2'25

Mohit Joshi, CEO and Managing Director, Tech Mahindra, said, “We delivered broad-based growth this quarter, reflecting the strength of our strategy and execution. We launched TechM Orion, our next-generation AI platform, and TechM Orion Marketplace to help enterprise accelerate autonomous transformation. Being recognized by industry analysts reinforces our leadership in advancing next-generation AI.”

Rohit Anand, Chief Financial Officer, Tech Mahindra, said, “This quarter marks the eighth consecutive period of margin expansion, driven by operational efficiency and disciplined execution. Our deal TCV is up 57% year-on-year on LTM basis, supported by strong deal conversions. The Board has approved a dividend of ?15 per share reflecting our continued focus on shareholder value.”

Key Deal Wins

* Selected by a leading European telecom operator as a strategic partner to accelerate its enterprise-wide Autonomous Operations journey. Through this engagement, Tech Mahindra will consolidate and transform the customer’s ecosystem, delivering an AI and automation-led landscape that accelerates the realisation of their vision for Autonomous Operations.

* Selected by a global logistics leader as a strategic partner with multi-year framework agreement to drive AI led efficiency and transition to Productized IT organization - transitioning from manual, high-touch operations to an AI-driven, automated, and self-service enabled global desk.

* Selected by a leading semiconductor equipment manufacturer to spearhead the enterprise application transformation across SAP, Data & Analytics, AI and ADMS - advancing automation, resilience, scalability across core business platforms.

* Selected by a leading life and health insurer in Asia-Pacific region for a multi-year Application Management Services (AMS) engagement, modernizing core and digital platforms through AI-led automation and cloud first transformation to enhance operational efficiency and scalability.

* Selected by a leading European fintech and HR solutions provider with operations across multiple countries to establish a new offshore delivery center in India. The engagement focuses on driving the development of next-generation applications with the setup of a GCC under Built-Operate-Transfer (BOT) model - strengthening the client's global delivery capabilities and future ready operations.

* Partnered with a leading US based telecom operator to advance its network testing and certification automation and optimization initiatives under its long-term transformation vision. The engagement focuses on accelerating network testing and certification through a homegrown automation platform, leveraging our delivery excellence and agility to drive greater efficiency, scalability, and innovation across operations.

Business Highlights

* Recognized by the Government of India as a key player in the prestigious Indian AI Mission, aligning with country's objectives to bolster leadership in AI, foster technological self-reliance, and ensure the ethical and responsible use of AI.

* Launched TechM Orion, a Next-Gen agentic AI platform, enabling global enterprises to deploy and manage Agentic AI solutions faster, whether in assisted or fully autonomous environments, while maintaining control and transparency throughout the AI lifecycle.

* TechM Orion Marketplace, an Agentic AI marketplace that offers a robust ecosystem of intelligent, autonomous and action-oriented AI agents, engineered to centralize AI governance, reduce the cognitive load on employees.

* 300+ AI Agents at Scale: TechM's Agentic AI portfolio powers hybrid workforces across industries.

* 79K+ employees across the company trained in AI, several of these with advance training and certifications.

* Tech Mahindra has partnered with NVIDIA to accelerate enterprise AI transformation. Combining NVIDIA's accelerated computing stack with Tech Mahindra's integration expertise, the collaboration enables autonomous operations, faster decision-making, measurable business impact, and scalable AI adoption across industries.

* Tech Mahindra and AMD have entered a multi-year collaboration to accelerate AI adoption and hybrid cloud transformation across global enterprises. By integrating AMD's high-performance compute infrastructure with Tech Mahindra's Cloud BlazeTech, the partnership aims to optimize workloads and deliver scalable, secure, and efficient solutions across industries.

* Tech Mahindra has joined J.P. Morgan Payments' System Integrator Program to help global enterprises modernize payment infrastructure and enhance customer experiences. Leveraging its ERP and SAP expertise, Tech Mahindra will support real-time tracking, AI-powered dashboards, and global deployment of next-gen payment solutions.

Awards and Recognitions

* Received the 2025 Entrepreneur India Award for Entrepreneur of the Year in Service Business – SaaS & IT.

* Won 5 Gold medals at the Brandon Hall HCM Excellence Awards 2025 – Talent Management, Human Resources, Learning & Development and Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging.

* Awarded the ‘HYSEA Sustainable Development Award 2025’ reaffirming innovative and impactful initiatives in the category of Environment.

* Recognized as one of the ‘Most Trusted Companies’ at VAR India Most Trusted Companies 2025.

* Recognized as one of the ‘Best Tech Brands’ at ET NOW Best Tech Brands for 2025.

Analyst Ratings & Recognitions

* Recognized as an Emerging Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Emerging Market Quadrant for Generative AI Consulting and Implementation Services

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Consulting and Advisory Services- US by ISG

* Leader - Application Development Services for AI Applications PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader- Application Transformation Services for AI-enablement PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Development Outsourcing- APAC by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Managed Services- APAC and Global Sis Brazil by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Application Quality Assurance- APAC and Brazil by ISG

* Leader - AI-driven ADM Services 2025-Continuous Testing Specialists- US by ISG

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Implementation and Integration Services – US by ISG

* Leader - Enterprise Service Management -Managed Services for Converged IT and Business Ops- US by ISG

* Leader - 5G Network Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - 5G Engineering Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Recognized with the 2025 Asia-Pacific Technology Innovation Leadership Award in Business Process Management by Frost & Sullivan.

* Horizon 3 – Market Leaders - Digital Marketing and Sales Services Capabilities, 2025 by HFS

* Leader - VMware Ecosystem 2025-Build and Modernize IT Foundations- Global by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Professional Services- US and APAC by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Managed Services- U.K, US, and APAC by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS Enterprise Data Modernization and AI Services- U.K and US by ISG

* Leader - AWS Ecosystem Partners 2025-AWS SAP Workloads - U.K and US by ISG

* Emerging Leader - Talent Readiness for Next-generation Cloud Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Gartner

* Leader - Talent Readiness for Next-generation Cloud Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 by Everest Group

* Leader - Contact Center - Customer Experience Services 2025 -Digital Operations Global and Australia by ISG

* Leader - Contact Center - Customer Experience Services 2025 -Intelligent Operations- Australia by ISG

* Leader - Future of Work Services 2025-Managed End-user Technology Services - Mid Market- US by ISG

https://www.techmahindra.com/insights/press-releases/techmahindra-q2-fy26-results/

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU)

Corporate Profile

Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ GS: VRTU) is a global provider of Digital Business Transformation, Digital Engineering, and Information Technology (IT) outsourcing services that accelerate our clients’ journey to their Digital Future. Virtusa serves Global 2000 companies in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Telecommunications, Media, Entertainment, Travel, Manufacturing, and Technology industries.

Using a combination of digital strategy, digital engineering, business implementation, and IT platform modernization services, Virtusa helps clients execute successful end-to-end digital business transformation initiatives.

Virtusa engages its clients to re-imagine their business models and develop strategies to defend and grow their business by introducing innovative products and services, developing distinctive digital consumer experiences, creating operational efficiency using digital labor, developing operational and IT platforms for the future, and rationalizing and modernizing their existing IT applications infrastructure. As a result, its clients are simultaneously able to drive business growth through digital-first customer experiences, while also consolidating and modernizing their IT application infrastructure to support digital business transformation.

Holding a proven record of success across industries, Virtusa readily understands its clients' business challenges and uses its domain expertise to deliver innovative applications of technology to address its clients’ critical business challenges. Examples include building the world's largest property & casualty claims modernization program; one of the largest corporate customer portals for a premier global bank; an order to cash implementation for a multinational telecommunications provider; and digital transformation initiatives for media and banking companies.

Founded in 1996 and headquartered in Massachusetts, Virtusa has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia.

https://www.virtusa.com/investors/

Requesting financial reports

On December 17, 2020, Virtusa Corporation (the “Company”) and Virtusa HoldCo, Inc. issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior notes due 2028 and on February 15, 2022, the Company and Virtusa HoldCo, Inc. issued an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior noted due 2028 (collectively, the “notes”) in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The Company will make annual, quarterly and interim reports available in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the notes. The reports will be made available only to holders of the notes, prospective investors of the notes, securities analysts and market makers that, in each case, have returned an executed “Request for Information and Confidentially Agreement” available here. Any person requesting access to such reports is required to (i) keep confidential and not disclose or reveal such reports (and the information contained therein) and (ii) not use such reports and the information contained therein for any purpose other than their evaluation of their investment in the notes.

https://www.virtusa.com/investors

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO)

Overview

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 200,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.

https://www.wipro.com/about-us/

16/10/2025

Wipro announces results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Large deal booking at $2.9Bn, grew 90.5% YoY, overall deal bookings at $4.7Bn

Revenue grew 0.3% QoQ in CC terms; Net income growth of 1.2% YoY

Q2’26 adjusted operating margin at 17.2%, expands 0.4% YoY

Operating cash flows at 103.8% of net income EAST

BRUNSWICK, N.J. | BANGALORE, India – October 16, 2025: Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO), a leading technology services and consulting company, announced financial results under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.

Highlights of the Results

Results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025:

* Gross revenue at ?227.0 billion ($2,556.6 million1), increase of 2.5% QoQ and 1.8% YoY.

* IT services segment revenue was at $2,604.3 million, increase of 0.7% QoQ and decrease of 2.1% YoY.

* Non-GAAP2 constant currency IT Services segment revenue increased 0.3% QoQ and decreased 2.6% YoY.

* Total bookings3 was at $4,688 million, down by 6.1% QoQ and up by 30.9% YoY in constant currency2. Large deal bookings4 was at $2,853 million, an increase of 6.7% QoQ and 90.5% YoY in constant currency2.

* IT services operating margin5 for Q2’26 was 16.7%, impacted by a provision of ?1,165 million ($13.1 million1) made with respect to bankruptcy of a customer. Adjusted for this event, IT Services Margin for the quarter was 17.2%, contraction of 0.1% QoQ and expansion of 0.4% YoY.

* Net income for the quarter was at ?32.5 billion ($365.6 million1), decrease of 2.5% QoQ and increase of 1.2% YoY. 7. Earnings per share for the quarter at ?3.1 ($0.031), decrease of 2.5% QoQ and increase of 1.0% YoY.

8. Operating cash flows of ?33.9 billion ($381.5 million1), decrease of 17.6% QoQ and 20.7% YoY and at 103.8% of Net Income for the quarter.

9. Voluntary attrition was at 14.9% on a trailing 12-month basis.

Outlook for the Quarter ending December 31, 2025

We expect revenue from our IT Services business segment to be in the range of $2,591 million to $2,644 million*. This translates to sequential guidance of (-)0.5% to (+)1.5% in constant currency terms. The guidance stated above does not include any expected revenue from the recently announced acquisition of Harman Digital Transformation Solutions.

*Outlook for the Quarter ending December 31, 2025, is based on the following exchange rates: GBP/USD at 1.35, Euro/USD at 1.16, AUD/USD at 0.65, USD/INR at 87.21 and CAD/USD at 0.72

Performance for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025

Srini Pallia, CEO and Managing Director, said “Our revenue momentum is strengthening, with Europe and APMEA returning to growth, and our operating margins holding steady within the narrow band. Bookings surpassed $9.5 billion for H1 FY26. Our strategy is clear: remain resilient, adapt to global shifts, and lead with AI. I am excited to bring Wipro Intelligence™ to our clients, helping them scale confidently and shape the future in an AI-first world.”

Aparna Iyer, Chief Financial Officer, said “We are gradually returning to growth trajectory with three of our four SMUs growing sequentially in Q2. All key financial parameters continue to remain strong. Our large deal bookings in the first two quarters have now surpassed the large deal booking for full year FY’25. Our adjusted margins for Q2 expanded by 0.4% YoY. EPS for the quarter grew 1% YoY. Lastly, our cash flow conversion continues to remain strong with operating cash flow at 104% of our net income for Q2.”

IT Products

1. IT Products segment revenue for the quarter was ?1.1 billion ($12.7 million1)

2. IT Products segment results for the quarter were ?0.1 billion ($1.1 million1)

For full release, see:

https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q2fy26/press-release-q2fy26.pdf

Document ACQIND0020251217elch0002s


Uber Freight sees U.S.–Mexico trade driving freight rebound into 2026

Noi Mahoney 
724 words
16 December 2025
FreightWaves.com
FRWV
English
Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved, FreightWaves, Inc. 

Nearshoring, Mexico investment and tightening truck capacity could reshape North American freight flows next year.

Uber Freight’s latest market outlook points to a U.S. freight market that is quietly stabilizing and setting up for tighter conditions in 2026, with cross-border trade with Mexico emerging as one of the most important structural drivers.

Uber Freight is a part of San Francisco-based Uber Technologies Inc. (NYSE: UBER), which operates three platforms: Uber (ride-hailing), Uber Eats (food and goods delivery) and Uber Freight (logistics).

In its “Q4 2025 Market Update & Outlook,” released on Thursday, Uber Freight said resilient consumer spending, nearshoring activity and capacity discipline among carriers are helping stabilize demand after a prolonged freight downturn — even as manufacturing remains under pressure and geopolitical risks persist.

Mexico strengthens position as top U.S. trading partner

Uber Freight highlighted Mexico’s expanding role in North American supply chains, driven by nearshoring and reshoring activity across automotive, industrial machinery and advanced manufacturing.

Mexico increased its share of U.S. imports to 15.5%, up from 14.5% previously, cementing its position as the largest U.S. trading partner, according to the report.

Foreign direct investment into Mexico reached $34.3 billion in the first half of 2025, up 10.2% year over year, with the U.S. remaining the country’s top investor.

Uber Freight said export growth from Mexico has been particularly strong in vehicles, auto parts, industrial machinery, furniture and medical instruments — categories that generate steady truckload and cross-border freight demand.

Despite ongoing U.S. tariffs on steel, aluminum and copper, Mexico has largely maintained export volumes, albeit at higher production costs, reinforcing its importance in North American manufacturing supply chains.

Related: Customs overhaul may reshape cross-border  manufacturing, expert says

Border risks and regulatory headwinds remain

While the long-term outlook for U.S.–Mexico trade remains constructive, Uber Freight flagged several risks that could disrupt cross-border freight flows in 2026.

The report pointed to road blockades across Mexico’s Bajío region, led by labor groups such as the country’s National Union of Workers, that have disrupted more than 8,000 truckloads, causing delays and congestion on key Mexico-U.S. corridors.

Security concerns, including cargo theft, continue to drive shipper investment in advanced tracking, geofencing and in-cab monitoring technologies.

On the regulatory front, Uber Freight noted that stricter U.S. enforcement of English-language proficiency and commercial driver licensing rules, combined with pauses in certain U.S. visa processing programs, could further tighten cross-border driver availability.

Industry groups in Mexico warn that a significant share of B-visa drivers may not meet evolving U.S. language standards, potentially exacerbating capacity constraints.

Related: Blockades choke Mexico’s border trade as farmers, truckers escalate unrest

Freight rates expected to rise as capacity tightens

Across the broader U.S. freight market, Uber Freight said capacity reductions — driven by weak tractor orders and ongoing fleet discipline — are likely to push rates higher in 2026.

Dry van spot rates rose 1.2% year over year in November, while route guide acceptance remained strong at 93%, signaling a balanced but tightening market. Uber Freight expects spot rates to soften seasonally in early 2026 before rising in the second half of the year as capacity exits accelerate.

If pending federal action on non-domiciled CDL holders moves forward, Uber Freight said the market could experience significant tightening, potentially leading to double-digit spot rate growth.

Outlook: cautious optimism for North American trade

Looking ahead, Uber Freight said the 2026 United States-Mexico-Canada-Agreement review, scheduled for July, will be a pivotal moment for North American trade. Automakers are already increasing local sourcing in Mexico to prepare for stricter rules of origin and closer scrutiny of Asian content.

Major global events, including the 2026 FIFA World Cup, which will be hosted in Mexico, could also introduce temporary logistics challenges across major metros such as Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mexico City.

Despite these risks, Uber Freight said the long-term trajectory for U.S.–Mexico freight remains positive, underpinned by nearshoring, resilient consumer demand and continued investment in North American manufacturing capacity.

The post Uber Freight sees U.S.–Mexico trade driving freight rebound into 2026 appeared first on FreightWaves.

Document FRWV000020251216elcg0002x




CE Noticias Financieras English
 Foreign  investment  consolidates in the state of Edomex

445 words
16 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

In the first three quarters of 2025, the accumulated Foreign Direct Investment(FDI) that entered the State of Mexico reached 3.165 billion dollars; that is, 22 percent more than in the same period of 2024, when 2.595 billion dollars were registered, according to data from the federal Ministry of Economy.

The agency's report places the state as the third in the country with the highest FDI intake, after Mexico City and Nuevo León, concentrating almost 8 percent of the national total, which amounted to 40,906 million dollars.

The goal is to continue climbing positions; therefore, as part of the strategy to attract more investments, in 2026 the state will start its clustering, with the creation of a pharmaceutical and medical devices corridor in Naucalpan and Tlalnepantla, announced Laura González, head of the Secretariat of Economic Development(Sedeco).

She pointed out that the State of Mexico ranks first nationally in terms of the number of jobs and economic units in the pharmaceutical sector, which will continue to be promoted as a cluster, which will start in the metropolitan area, but could be extended to Ocoyoacac, to reach Toluca.

For this corridor, Sedeco will create a strategy with educational institutions and research centers, so that the state not only produces and exports medicines, but also develops technology from here to contribute to the sector.

"We are focused on clustering, on generating complete ecosystems, this means new industrial sectors that will generate more and better jobs, better paid," she explained.

Laura González informed that, so far in the current administration, 11 billion dollars in foreign investment have entered the State of Mexico; 142 billion pesos in national investment, and 5.3 billion dollars in FDI.

He said that once the plan is consolidated, a special promotion will be made with embassies and international companies to attract investment in the pharmaceutical industry.

Other sectors to be boosted are energy, electricity and electronics, semiconductors for data centers, and the aeronautics and aerospace industry. In addition, the automotive and auto parts sector is on the rise.

"Investors come from many parts of the world looking for the conditions we have here. Let us be the first promoters of an entity like this, which has everything," he invited.

He added that they will seek to detonate the eastern region, where the Polo del Bienestar is being developed, in Neza; the AIFA, the Metropolitan area, the Toluca Valley and the north of the state. Also, two agro-industrial regions in the north, on the border with Querétaro, and in the south, which borders Morelos and Guerrero.

PAL

Document NFINCE0020251216elcg004em


INDUSTRY SNAPSHOTS - SWITZERLAND BANKING 15 DEC 25_EN

15,268 words
15 December 2025
Acquisdata Global Industry SnapShot
ACQIND
English
Copyright 2025. Acquisdata Inc. 

LATEST COMPANY NEWS

This Week’s News

20Minutes – Epstein case: two Swiss banks in the US's sights – 14/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.20min.ch/fr/story/suisse-usa-affaire-epstein-deux-banques-suisses-dans-le-viseur-des-usa-103469656

20Minutes – Cannabis is soaring on Wall Street, UBS at its highest – 13/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.20min.ch/fr/story/economie-le-groupe-de-mode-ikks-repris-mais-50-des-emplois-supprimes-103021435

Bloomberg – UBS Climbs to 17-Year High on Prospect of Capital Compromise – 12/12/2025

A group of influential Swiss lawmakers proposed watering down the capital demands that the country wants to impose on UBS Group AG, sending shares to a 17-year high as investors bet the initiative will ultimately pave the way for a compromise.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-11/swiss-lawmakers-float-at1-compromise-in-ubs-capital-debate?embedded-checkout=true

Other Stories

Global Capital – Swiss bond market rides higher wave of issuance in 2025 – 12/12/2025

Journal Coin – Ripple partners with Swiss bank AMINA to accelerate the adoption of stablecoin payments – 12/12/2025

Reuters – UBS shares hit 17 year-high as Swiss lawmakers pitch capital compromise – 12/12/2025

Bloomberg – Swiss National Bank Holds Interest Rate at Zero, Cuts Inflation Forecast – 11/12/2025

Reuters – Swiss National Bank still supports proposed UBS rules – 11/12/2025

Media Releases

Banque cantonale de Genève (BCGE) – When the Earth crosses its limits: a warning sign for investors – 12/12/2025

Banque cantonale de Genève (BCGE) – Where to invest in 2026? – 12/12/2025

Swiss National Bank – Nomination of Martin Hirzel for election to the Governing Board of the Swiss National Bank – 12/12/2025

Swiss National Bank – Foreign direct investment 2024 – 12/12/2025

Swiss National Bank – Monetary Policy Assessment of 11 December 2025 – 11/12/2025

Latest Research

Who watches the watchdogs? Central bank board members and banking supervisors in Switzerland (1907–2008) By Giddey, T.

Overviews of Leading Companies

Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd

Banque cantonale de Genève (BCGE)

Credit Suisse Group AG

EFG Bank European Financial Group SA

EFG International

Julius Baer Group Ltd

Migros Bank AG

Raiffeisen Switzerland

Swiss National Bank

UBS Group AG

Vontobel Holding AG

Zürcher Kantonalbank

Associate: Audrey Awie

News and Commentary

20Minutes – Epstein case: two Swiss banks in the US's sights – 14/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.20min.ch/fr/story/suisse-usa-affaire-epstein-deux-banques-suisses-dans-le-viseur-des-usa-103469656

20Minutes – Cannabis is soaring on Wall Street, UBS at its highest – 13/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.20min.ch/fr/story/economie-le-groupe-de-mode-ikks-repris-mais-50-des-emplois-supprimes-103021435

Bloomberg – UBS Climbs to 17-Year High on Prospect of Capital Compromise – 12/12/2025

A group of influential Swiss lawmakers proposed watering down the capital demands that the country wants to impose on UBS Group AG, sending shares to a 17-year high as investors bet the initiative will ultimately pave the way for a compromise.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-11/swiss-lawmakers-float-at1-compromise-in-ubs-capital-debate?embedded-checkout=true

Global Capital – Swiss bond market rides higher wave of issuance in 2025 – 12/12/2025

Swiss franc bond issuance has climbed 6% year on year in 2025 to Sfr73.9bn (€79.25bn), with domestic borrowers providing the bulk of supply and a fresh wave of international corporates taking advantage of favourable arbitrage funding.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.globalcapital.com/article/2fpkpzviz4qcbrsmm7tog/corporate-bonds/swiss-bond-market-rides-higher-wave-of-issuance-in-2025

Journal Coin – Ripple partners with Swiss bank AMINA to accelerate the adoption of stablecoin payments – 12/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://journalducoin.com/actualites/ripple-associe-banque-suisse-amina-accelerer-adoption-paiements-stablecoins/

Reuters – UBS shares hit 17 year-high as Swiss lawmakers pitch capital compromise – 12/12/2025

Swiss lawmakers have floated a compromise on new capital rules for UBS (UBSG.S), to try to ensure it remains internationally competitive, sending the bank's shares to their highest since 2008.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.reuters.com/sustainability/boards-policy-regulation/swiss-lawmakers-pitch-compromise-capital-rules-ubs-2025-12-12/

Bloomberg – Swiss National Bank Holds Interest Rate at Zero, Cuts Inflation Forecast – 11/12/2025

The Swiss National Bank kept its interest rate at zero, judging that a weakened inflation outlook doesn’t yet justify a return to negative borrowing costs.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-12-11/snb-holds-rate-at-zero-and-gives-inflation-time-to-reignite?embedded-checkout=true

Reuters – Swiss National Bank still supports proposed UBS rules – 11/12/2025

The Swiss National Bank continues to support the banking regulation measures proposed for UBS(UBSG.S), by the Federal Council in June, the central bank's Vice Chairman Antoine Martin said on Thursday.

For the complete story, see:

https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/swiss-national-bank-still-supports-proposed-ubs-rules-2025-12-11/

Media Releases

Banque cantonale de Genève (BCGE) – When the Earth crosses its limits: a warning sign for investors – 12/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.bcge.ch/de/quand-la-terre-franchit-ses-limites

Banque cantonale de Genève (BCGE) – Where to invest in 2026? – 12/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.bcge.ch/de/ou-investir-en-2026

Swiss National Bank – Nomination of Martin Hirzel for election to the Governing Board of the Swiss National Bank – 12/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.snb.ch/de/publications/communication/press-releases-restricted/pre_20251212_2

Swiss National Bank – Foreign direct investment 2024 – 12/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.snb.ch/de/publications/communication/press-releases/2025/pre_20251212_1

Swiss National Bank – Monetary Policy Assessment of 11 December 2025 – 11/12/2025

For the French language, see:

https://www.snb.ch/de/publications/communication/press-releases-restricted/pre_20251211

Latest Research

Who watches the watchdogs? Central bank board members and banking supervisors in Switzerland (1907–2008)

Giddey, T.

Abstract

The Swiss financial center developed spectacularly during the 20th century, becoming one of the main hubs for cross-border financial transactions. The regulatory environment that enabled this growth is still poorly understood. This contribution examines the government appointees who controlled the banking supervisory institutions (Swiss National Bank and Federal Banking Commission). The focus is on the individuals who supervised those two institutions and analyzes the evolution of their board members from their creation, in 1907 and 1935 respectively, to 2008. This prosopographical study – using indicators such as gender, age, education, career paths and political affiliation – seeks to determine: a) their typical socio-professional profile, b) their closeness to the banking industry and c) their representativeness of society, politics, and business. My findings highlight both significant changes in the last decade of the century, with an increase in the level of education and a drop in political affiliation, and a long-term stability of the socio-professional profile of the board members: middle-aged to elderly men, with a PhD in law or economics, considerable experience in the banking or business world, and often an affiliation with the governing political parties. Both institutions were supervised by individuals with close connections to the financial industry. They became arenas for elite networking, simultaneously failing to represent large segments of society.

https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17449359.2024.2399655

The Industry

Swiss banking: In search of a secure future

In light of the Swiss Federal government’s report following the Credit Suisse debacle, how can the Swiss banking sector regain its reputation for stability and resilience?

The Swiss Federal Government recently issued its report on banking stability following the collapse of Credit Suisse, and the government’s intervention that led to its acquisition by arch-rival UBS.

The purpose of the report was clear – to ensure the stability of the Swiss Financial Centre (SFC), and, as stated in the opening, “to greatly increase the recoverability and resolvability of a Systemically Important Bank (SIB) should a crisis nevertheless occur.”

The final paragraph is also worth noting, as it confirms the aim of recovering a damaged international position: “By implementing these measures at legislative and ordinance level, Switzerland will strengthen not only its own financial and banking center and thus its status as a business location, but also the stability of the global financial system.”

The lengthy report – 37 measures and 209 pages – highlights some important issues. The proposed changes reflect a commitment to align the Swiss banking sector with global regulatory frameworks which, if swiftly adopted, ought to positively impact the SFC by enhancing its stability, resilience, and attractiveness as a business location.

It addresses issues related to domestically important banks which include PostFinance, Raiffeisen Bank, and Zürcher Kantonalbank (ZKB). Little is said about the rest of the Swiss banking sector, which international authorities put in their third category, that of systemically not-important banks. These include all the other cantonal and local banks as well as wealth and asset managers, such as Julius Baer, Lombard Odier, Pictet, and Vontobel. Many foreign banks also operate in the country.

One of the “secret sauces” of Switzerland is indeed its high banking density, allowing local entrepreneurs and corporations, as well as individual customers, access to credit. This supports Switzerland’s remarkable economic performance in the context of the ever-increasing valuation of Swiss currency. This outright miracle is often underestimated, though overseen with great attention by the Swiss National Bank and federal authorities.

The Raiffeisen Group, with its federal structure consisting of 219 autonomous cooperative banks, fully fits this picture. Its latest governance issues concerned fraud and embezzlement by its CEO . In such a federal structure, the issues that could be problematic cannot stem from one of the 291 banks (any bank could be quickly taken over by the others), but indeed at the corporate top, where things are more opaque. Supervising the corporate top is indeed the responsibility of Raiffeisen’s board of directors and the Swiss supervisory authorities. Both failed in this regard.

Herein lies the “big leap” and the key assumption made by the Swiss Federal Government report: its intended stakeholders are the international community, wealthy owners, regulators, foreign governments, institutions, or foreigners eager to put part of their wealth or investment into Switzerland. That is a model of the past, induced by bank secrecy, which was Switzerland’s key banking product. The model also led to excessive wealth stored in Swiss banks, as well as to the development of its wealth management and asset management competencies – all good things.

But this development came along with a forceful venture into international investment banking, which should never have been part of its core mission, and for which the Raiffeisen Group bank and its board were poorly equipped. It is also where Credit Suisse and UBS lost their soul, one recently losing its life as an autonomous bank, the other, UBS, having to be rescued by the Swiss people soon after the global financial crisis of 2008. It is now clear that this banking model has run its fateful course.

Why did Switzerland ignore the lessons of the global financial crisis?

Letting out a secret on the state of Swiss bank governance

One of the Swiss Federal Government’s report’s main points is a surprising admission: Switzerland needs to catch up with the considerable upgrade of supervisory capabilities that emerged internationally after the disastrous global financial crash. That recognition led to a major upgrade in the governance of the global financial system.

The admission that these safeguards are not in place in Switzerland is commendable, albeit frightening, given that the country is recognized for its fiscal prudence (correct) and conservative nature (false when it comes to the governance of its banks). While most of the world has accepted that self-regulation by the banking sector is unwise and creates excessive risks, the report confirms that Switzerland had continued to trust self-regulation in banking and that its authorities did not realize the vulnerabilities of their governance regime, nor the importance of Swiss banking stability for the global financial system.

Neither the G20 nor the G7 insisted sufficiently strongly on Switzerland’s implementation, at a minimum, of the same requirements for a level playing field with the EU. The Credit Suisse failure exposed the latent risks that existed both in Switzerland and in the global system.

The report thus explains why the Credit Suisse crisis happened: because self-regulation was still largely at play. Given the density of its banking network, it is not far-fetched to think that Switzerland ought to be good at supervising its domestic banks. Practice makes perfect, particularly considering the country’s fiscal prudence. The Credit Suisse debacle confirms that another property of Swiss culture – conservatism – was, in fact, not at play in Swiss banking.

Most stakeholders will thus find little joy in reading the Swiss Federal Government report, which argues that Swiss banking supervision is full of holes and vulnerabilities that need to be plugged.

The report, with its proposals and recommendations, will bring Switzerland into line with the global banking order. Most, if not all, of the proposed changes were already in effect or were put into effect in the EU after the global financial crisis. The good news is that the Credit Suisse crisis finally spurred Swiss authorities to review a domestic banking governance system reliant on trust, and, through the federal government’s report, commits to a serious update. That is the positive side of the story. But the report also highlights that the Swiss authorities simply did not have the toolkit or the authority to intervene earlier in the governance of Credit Suisse , or that of any other bank .

Why did Switzerland ignore the lessons of the global financial crisis? The answer likely has roots in the decentralized and trusting Swiss culture and its accompanying aversion to delegating too much power to the federal center.

Another explanation might be that Switzerland always considered itself apart from a world it always saw as foreign and dangerous. Shielding itself in a position of political neutrality allows the country to benefit commercially and financially from that world, without compromising its self-righteous, protestant ethics.

It is also likely that the Swiss government, at the time, was more focused on transitioning away from its bank secrecy regulations and on containing the breach into that regulation brought by its 2013 Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) agreement with the US. The agreement means that Swiss financial institutions share account details directly with the US tax authority, provided they have the consent of the involved US clients.

Meanwhile, the Swiss government’s bailout of UBS in 2008 after the collapse of Lehman Brothers triggered a global financial meltdown and must have loomed large. Finally, the long and fateful excursion by UBS and Credit Suisse into the world of US investment banking may have contributed to this timidity, too, as it is hard to fathom how Swiss authorities could supervise US activities which they were distant from – and unfamiliar with.

Now, however, the Swiss Federal Government recommends exactly what we suggested they do in a media article published in late 2023: “In fact, FINMA could be seen as a leader in the supervisory world by proposing transparent standards, not dissimilar to those required by the EU’s Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) for bank boards of directors about the composition, credentials, and no-conflicts of board members, by not appointing anyone that has worked for UBS or CS on its own board. This would help to avoid either a “pro-UBS” bias or even a perception of such bias. It is a step that could be taken immediately. And shouldn’t Swiss authorities now be looking at rebranding their own dedicated agencies, immediately giving them greater enforcement powers and discretion to supervise deposit-taking institutions? “

The questions now are whether the government’s recommendations will be implemented, and when.

The fact that UBS has absorbed Credit Suisse, becoming an even larger bank, has only added to this concern.

The risks generated by the absorption of CS into UBS

One danger would be addressing the gaps in domestic bank governance only, ignoring the more globally important UBS. The report does not tackle Switzerland’s “too big to fail” (TBTF) problem, which mainly relates to UBS. UBS is now vastly different from the other banks in the SFC and is probably an exception. The fact that UBS has absorbed Credit Suisse, becoming an even larger bank, has only added to this concern. There is no other bank in Switzerland that is now large enough to bail out UBS, should it fall into distress.

Furthermore, it is hard to imagine how Swiss authorities will be able to adequately supervise UBS. The government report fails to recognize – and in fact suggests the opposite – that Switzerland has two banking systems: the domestic, decentralized one (and UBS’s Swiss banking operations could fall in that bucket), and the international, centralized one, consisting of UBS as a whole entity. The report addresses the supervision of domestic banking but remains silent on the supervision of its sole globally significant lender. The trend seems clear: Volksbank was acquired by Credit Suisse in 1993; Swiss Banking Corporation merged with UBS in 1998; UBS, having been rescued by the state in 2008, absorbed Credit Suisse in 2023. How long will it be before the last remaining truly international bank in Switzerland UBS, meets a similar fate?

However, the government report suggests that its supervisory regime is failing. If it is, why wait, as the report states, for the result of the parliamentary inquiry into the Credit Suisse rescue, which is solely focused on UBS and deals with responsibilities for past events?

Instead, it may have been better to issue two distinct reports: one on how to supervise UBS going forward and a second one – the one that has been issued – that forcefully addresses supervisory vulnerabilities and strengthens the governance of the domestic banking sector. It may also have been better to admit that these issues are, in today’s turbulent context, so pressing that answers need to be implemented without waiting for the outcome of the parliamentary inquiry.

What is the business model for UBS going forward, and once that has been determined, how to supervise UBS?

The three distinct questions confronting Swiss banking

In sum, the Swiss Federal authorities are well advised to distinguish three questions:

* How to continuously secure and improve the supervision of a Swiss domestic banking system, which is very dense, and serves the Swiss economy remarkably well?

* What is the business model for UBS going forward, and once that has been determined, how to supervise UBS?

* What is the sustainable Swiss financial and banking model going forward, and should asset management be treated differently than banking?

These three questions are interrelated. Yet, it would be an error to force some of the answers to the second question about UBS’s supervision onto the entire domestic system. That would risk imposing constraints on, and reducing the competitiveness of, the Swiss banking sector and ultimately the Swiss economy.

The issues addressed by the government report concern deposit protection, recovery, resolution, and corporate governance. All the proposed changes aim to strengthen the overall financial stability of Switzerland. This, undoubtedly, is needed to maintain the country’s reputation as a reliable and innovative financial hub. The measures aim to mitigate risks for the Swiss financial system and safeguard the economically crucial functions played by the main domestic banks, which are crucial components of the SFC.

However, these issues should not be confounded with the question of how to supervise UBS, which is a completely different question. Being a globally significant bank, with an asset size that is a multiple of Swiss GDP, its supervision will necessarily be of a different kind. Confounding these two questions would put all Swiss banking at risk.

Finally, the report makes no claim on the future shape and structure of the SFC, which remains an unanswered question.

Addressing these potential challenges in a timely manner will be critical to the successful implementation of the proposed changes and to ensure that the SFC continues to thrive as a stable, competitive, attractive financial hub.

Challenges to be addressed sooner than later, and continuously

The proposed changes in the government’s report aim to bolster the stability and resilience of the SFC. However, there are pressing challenges that must be addressed promptly. It is crucial to strike a regulatory balance that promotes stability without overly burdening Swiss financial institutions, as this could hinder their competitiveness. The requirements placed on UBS should not unduly constrain its domestic banks.

Another challenge is the necessity for coordinated efforts among regulatory bodies, financial institutions, and global stakeholders. The FATCA agreement with the US highlighted this issue, and the takeover of Credit Suisse by UBS affirmed Switzerland’s lag in this area. Achieving compliance with international standards while preserving Swiss financial distinctiveness demands strong collaboration and communication with external entities. It is no small task, and it should not compromise the quality or dynamism of the Swiss banking sector.

Furthermore, the proposed changes pose implementation challenges, including the need for adequate resources, expertise, and infrastructure to effectively execute the proposed measures. It will be essential to provide support and guidance to Swiss financial institutions to facilitate the implementation process and ensure compliance with the new regulatory requirements.

Addressing these potential challenges in a timely manner will be critical to the successful implementation of the proposed changes and to ensure that the SFC continues to thrive as a stable, competitive, and attractive financial hub.

This change process should leverage some of Switzerland’s unique characteristics, such as its tradition of neutrality and stability, as well as its role as a global wealth management center, plus its emphasis on asset management and long-standing tradition of financial services excellence. Managing other people’s money from around the world in Switzerland is different from conducting banking activities and taking risks globally. The conservative nature of Switzerland should be an asset here, and its bank governance system needs to evidence this cultural trait as well.

Any solution would also have to involve people who have the competence to supervise globally important lenders.

What about the supervision of UBS?

That is the major question that the report leaves unanswered. The takeover of Credit Suisse is being completed. It is a fact. The question of responsibilities is being investigated, as it should, but that concerns the past – and, we may add, can wait. What is pressing – particularly at a time of major geopolitical upheaval and regional conflicts that are moving to become global conflicts – is the structure and supervision of UBS.

A domestic solution here is hard to conceive of because only former UBS and Credit Suisse employees would have the competence to supervise UBS, that is if it is not already too big to be governed. Any solution would also have to involve people who have the competence to supervise globally important lenders. These people are either in the US Federal Reserve or at the European Central Bank. Switzerland can move ahead by putting together a special tripartite committee that is tasked to reassure the world and the Swiss people that UBS is appropriately and competently supervised.

That, of course, would be a departure for the Swiss: the country would give up part of its sovereignty to foreign players. But this already happened before with Swiss Banking Corporation’s investment banking foray that ended up in its merger with the (at the time) much more conservative UBS, and which ended up, only 10 years later, in UBS’s state bailout during the global financial crisis. These outcomes were disastrous. The big question, then, is whether Switzerland ought to have a globally important bank at all.

“A different path is for Switzerland to recognize that UBS’s fate is already sealed, with the understanding that it will eventually have to abandon the foray into global investment banking that was started when the Swiss Banking Corporation bought the US-based investment banks Dillon, Read & Co., Brinson Partners, and O’Connor & Associates.”

Redefining the Swiss financial model

The above considerations confront Switzerland with a clear choice to be made concerning the degree of integration with the international banking order. A positive answer to that would require Switzerland to give up some of its supervisory sovereignty to maintain a globally important bank like UBS in Switzerland. That is not something that fits easily with the Swiss DNA, as the debate on the degree of integration with the EU has shown. It is the price that Switzerland will have to pay if it wishes to continue its presence in global investment banking.

A different path is for Switzerland to recognize that UBS’s fate is already sealed, with the understanding that it will eventually have to abandon the foray into global investment banking that was started when the Swiss Banking Corporation bought the US-based investment banks Dillon, Read & Co., Brinson Partners, and O’Connor & Associates. In that scenario, Switzerland will focus internationally on wealth and asset management, and return to what made Credit Suisse such a great and distinguished bank, namely investing in Switzerland and Swiss-based companies.

A third option is the current one, which amounts to trying to pursue both scenarios simultaneously. It is one that many people may find acceptable. It is also seductive as it does not force a clear choice. But it would lead Switzerland to defy economic logic. Industries are great precisely because they obey cluster logics that allow for cooperation as well as competition. It is hard to imagine that Swiss-based global firms would be well served by a single domestic investment bank. The Swiss industrial conglomerate ABB’s recent decision to withdraw its cash-management mandate from UBS in favor of Germany’s Deutsche Bank is a data point that validates such a conclusion.

A moment to be seized

Switzerland should secure its domestic banking system by adopting its own recommendations without delay. It should also use this moment to adapt the Swiss Financial Centre to build on the skillsets of Switzerland’s workforce in financial services and its nature of fiscal prudence. This may include the resizing and reshaping of its largest banks. A domestic banking system that manages cross-border wealth does not require a globally active, risk-taking institution to make it successful. Nor does Switzerland need to take on that risk and responsibility to fulfill its goals of excellence as a financial center for the next generation.

Source: IMD

https://www.imd.org/ibyimd/finance/swiss-banking-in-search-of-a-secure-future/

Banking - Switzerland

Highlights

* In Switzerland, the Banking market is expected to witness a significant growth in Net Interest Income, with projections indicating a figure of US$90.27bn in 2025.

* Among various players in the market, Traditional Banks are set to dominate, with a projected market volume of US$57.97bn in the same year.

* Looking ahead, the Net Interest Income is anticipated to exhibit a steady annual growth rate of 3.97% (CAGR 2025-2029), resulting in a market volume of US$105.50bn by 2029.

* In a global context, it is noteworthy that China is expected to generate the highest Net Interest Income, with a projected figure of US$4,689.0bn in 2025.

* Switzerland's banking market continues to thrive, with its long-standing reputation for stability and privacy attracting high net worth individuals and multinational corporations.

Source: Statista

https://www.statista.com/outlook/fmo/banking/switzerland

Financial Institutions in Switzerland

Switzerland’s financial centre is among the most successful and diverse in the world, combining tradition and expertise built up over generations with a pioneering spirit of innovation. The banks have both strong local roots and outstanding international networks. They play a key role in ensuring that the financial centre remains competitive and stable.

Switzerland has a world-leading financial centre that is both lucrative and innovative. Swiss banking successfully combines traditional strengths such as stability and universality of services with innovation in areas such as fintech and sustainable finance. Customers can count on a broad selection of high-quality financial services, the legal certainty and stable conditions Switzerland offers, the expertise and sense of responsibility that the banks and their staff embody, as well as the quality of the advice and services they provide. Switzerland is a preferred location for foreign financial institutions because they benefit from Swiss banking’s good reputation in addition to the country’s business-friendly environment and large pool of talent.

Attractive operating conditions and open markets

Switzerland fosters attractive operating conditions and optimum trading relationships with the rest of the world, ensuring that it remains a leading, modern, global financial centre.

* Liberal environment: A competitive, diversified and efficient banking sector has always depended on liberal, business-friendly frameworks and will continue to do so. With this in mind, the Swiss Bankers Association lobbies for favourable taxation as well as liberal, effective regulation guided by the principles of proportionality and competitiveness.

* Open markets: The Swiss financial centre leads the world in cross-border wealth management. Good market access is thus vital to its export-oriented banks and will remain so going forward. The banks need to be able to offer services that are tailored to customers’ needs in every target market, which is why the Swiss Bankers Association is committed to improving market access on an ongoing basis.

Promotion of the financial centre

The Swiss Bankers Association advocates for the Swiss financial centre both at home and abroad. Various promotional activities are aimed at progressively strengthening the financial centre’s profile and reputation.

* Promotion at home: The Swiss financial centre is a cornerstone of the nation’s economy. (see “Facts & Figures” ). The banks are among the biggest employers in Switzerland, and the banking apprenticeship is by far the most popular form of commercial vocational training. The varied and competitive banking sector provides individuals and companies in Switzerland with a broad range of high-quality services. Customers’ confidence in the banks is extremely high. Promotional activities within Switzerland are aimed at consistently conveying the importance of the banks for the country and strengthening the financial centre’s reputation. To this end, the Swiss Bankers Association hosts its own events in all regions of Switzerland and fosters partnerships with a variety of conferences and other events. It is also actively involved in recruitment fairs, where it presents a range of careers and training opportunities in the banking sector in collaboration with regional banking associations and other partners.

* Promotion abroad: The focus of promotional activities conducted abroad is on international visits under the leadership of the Federal Council, together with delegations of industry representatives. The objective here is to improve trade relations with key markets and increase awareness of the advantages the Swiss financial centre offers. Following the first promotional trip to Asia in 2017, further trips have been made to the Middle East and South America in 2018 and China in 2019. The SBA also works together with other financial market representatives on the information platform finance.swiss , which is run by the federal government and showcases Switzerland’s status as a premier location for a wide variety of financial services. It is intended to raise global awareness of the Swiss financial centre and strengthen its international competitiveness.

Source: Swiss Bankers Association

https://www.swissbanking.ch/en/financial-centre/what-sets-the-swiss-financial-centre-apart

Leading Companies

Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd

A symbol of private banking tradition

The J. Safra Sarasin Group is a global symbol of private banking tradition and investment excellence, emphasising security and well-managed, conservative growth for its clients. The Group is part of the J. Safra Group, a highly regarded name in global private banking with a long and successful heritage dating back to 1841.

We are first and foremost dedicated and committed to our clients and the growth of their assets. Our Wealth and Asset Management services are systematically delivered through tailored investment solutions, globally, with a physical presence in major financial markets.

Day after day, year after year, we relentlessly aim to deliver services of the highest quality, always keeping in mind the Group’s core values.

Stability is delivered through our multigenerational family ownership structure and highly conservative risk management. This creates the framework for lasting relationships.

Trust is embedded in every service and every process we deliver, simply because trust can’t be bought, it must be earned, consistently, day after day.

Solidity

Solidity is achieved through our sound capitalisation and high level of liquidity, always with our clients’ interests at heart.

Sustainability

Sustainability provides the focus required for the viability of our investments and gives us the path required to create continuity across generations.

Discretion

Clients always come first and discretion is at the core of everything we do, creating the backdrop for long-lasting partnerships.

Efficiency

We strive to build smart, pragmatic, simple, yet effective solutions. We always aim to find the best possible alternatives and deliver the highest quality services.

Our core activities

Every wealth situation is unique and we want to address each individual circumstance with a bespoke solution. This is the background for our extensive range of services and expertise, whether acting as an investment advisor or as an asset manager for private clients. Our services rely on the deep knowledge of our staff, the rigour embedded in our processes and the diligence of our controls. We address each individual situation with the same methodical approach to ensure consistent quality of services.

Wealth management

Quality investments and relationship management centred on client needs are at the core of our business. Our clients chose between three different engagement models: discretionary portfolio management, flexible investment advisory and our custody and execution services.

External asset managers

We partner with external asset managers to achieve long-term prosperity for their clients. We consider this to be the best basis for joint success. Our collaboration with external asset managers is formed through a tailored cooperation model, personalised services, a dedicated platform, private label funds and full access to our in-house expertise.

Asset management

Our Asset Management is designed to deliver strong long-term performance while ensuring outstanding client servicing. Five core business areas form a strong unit to the benefit of our institutional clients: research (including sustainability research, portfolio management, managed portfolio funds, fund management and institutional & wholesale distribution.

Trading and advisory

Our global footprint allows us to offer 24-hour trading and advisory services. Based on our unique network and the access to all financial centres, our clients benefit from the highest levels of investment consulting and financial strategies advisory.

https://www.jsafrasarasin.com/en/company/about-us.html

J. Safra Sarasin Group reports strong results for 2023 – 3/4/2024

* Group net profit rose by 6.9% to CHF 470.3 million in 2023 from CHF 440.2 million in 2022.

* Strong balance sheet of CHF 42.5 billion at the end of 2023.

* Group CET1 Capital of CHF 5.7 billion at the end of 2023, with a CET1 ratio of 47.0%, well in excess of regulatory requirements.

* Assets under management increased to CHF 204.3 billion at the end of 2023, supported by positive net new assets of CHF 7.4 billion during the year.

“It is with a sense of accomplishment that we publish J. Safra Sarasin Group’s solid results for 2023. These reflect the continuing pertinence of our approach, based on stability and a long-term vision of wealth management. As a family-owned bank, all our activities are guided by our core values and a multigenerational tradition of private banking and asset management. This ensures that the offering is aligned with the needs and values of our clients and serves as the foundation for the Group’s future growth.”

- Jacob J. Safra, Chairman of J. Safra Sarasin Group

“2023 was a year of resilience and positive developments: while retaining a strong financial position, we reinforced our presence in key markets and expanded our capabilities for the benefit of our clients. We are confident that our commitment to providing services and expertise which are fully tailored to the needs of our clients will continue to set us apart in wealth management.”

- Jürg Haller, Chairman of the Board of Bank J. Safra Sarasin

https://www.jsafrasarasin.com/en/company/annual-reports-and-media-releases/J-Safra-Sarasin-Group-reports-strong-results-for-2023.html

Banque cantonale de Genève (BCGE)

Founded in 1816, Banque Cantonale de Genève (BCGE) plays a vital role in supporting and boosting the regional economy. BCGE is a universal and commercial bank whose primary mission is to contribute to the economic development of Geneva and its region. To do so, it offers a full range of banking services to individuals, businesses - from SMEs to multinationals - and institutions.

Thanks to its solid roots in a canton with a strong international influence, BCGE offers its clients a wide range of services locally: day-to-day banking services, Private Banking, Asset Management, Pension Planning, Financing (mortgages; loans to companies and public authorities; Import/Export), Trading Room, Financial Engineering, Corporate Finance (evaluation and transfer of companies; private equity) and Global Commodity Finance.

BCGE is a well-capitalised, sound bank, combining its diverse business lines with innovation and transparency, making it a reliable partner for its clients. The BCGE Group with more than 800 employees and a network of 21 branches in Geneva, offering numerous online services and a range of specialised services in Lausanne, Zurich, Basel, Lyon, Annecy and Paris, as well as representative offices in Dubai and Hong Kong. The BCGE is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Swiss stock exchange (Authorised share no. 35 049 471).

The Business Model

A diversified business model that reflects the Geneva economy

BCGE's corporate strategy is focused on long-term and sustainable success. It is active on behalf of individuals and companies - from SMEs to multinationals - and institutions. BCGE's business model is based on a core of traditional activities, which still play an important role today, and it has undergone regular changes, leading to a widening of the bank’s expertise and abilities. The changes have been implemented to offer a complete and competitive range of services. These strategic choices have enabled a steady growth in financial results.

A financial policy aimed at sustainability

In order to be able to offer competitive solutions to an extremely diverse clientele, the bank develops specific business lines, organised into strategic activity portfolios. BCGE’s business model is that of a universal bank. The main financial objective is the steady increase in the bank's value based mainly on organic and qualitative business growth (the incremental growth business model). Strategic decisions and operational management prioritise long-term growth in the bank’s equity value (reflected by market capitalisation), even if this is at the expense of short-term profitability. The aim is to avoid underinvestment or an excessively high-risk profile, and to not undermine the bank’s ethical conduct in any way.

A solution adapted to each market segment

The bank calibrates its business lines, commercial policy and resources on the basis of a detailed study of markets and an evaluation of how accessible these are and what potential they have. Five of the bank’s fourteen business lines focus on individuals, which account for one-third of the bank’s total income: day-to-day banking services, wealth management, savings and pension planning, private banking and private financing. Of the eight business lines devoted to companies and institutions, four are credit-related. These are corporate finance, commercial real estate, public finance and trade finance. The remaining business lines are strategic financial advice, financial markets, services to institutional investors, banks and insurance companies. The fourteenth business line creates and manages investment funds.

Two-thirds of the Group’s turnover is generated with companies and public and private institutions

The bank manages this portfolio of business areas with the aim of optimising the profitability/risk ratio of each, while fostering operational synergies among them. The bank maximises use of its available equity, while ensuring its continued existence with a safety margin defined in the regulatory and financial framework. Having achieved a high level of capital use, the current priority for additional growth is focused on areas of business that are less capital intensive.

https://www.bcge.ch/en/qui-sommes-nous

Credit Suisse Group AG

Credit Suisse AG merged with and into UBS AG with UBS AG succeeding by operation of Swiss law to all assets and all liabilities of Credit Suisse AG.

The Credit Suisse Group purpose is at the core of everything we do. Clear purpose and strong values, helps us realize our ambitions and has powered our progress for more than 160 years.

https://www.credit-suisse.com/about-us/en/our-company.html

EFG Bank European Financial Group SA

EFG Bank European Financial Group SA (the Bank) is a Swiss-registered holding bank with sole place of business at 24 quai du Seujet, 1201 Geneva. It is a fully licensed and authorized Swiss bank and securities dealer supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). The Bank has a 45% shareholding in EFG International AG, the holding company of an international private banking and asset management group headquartered in Zurich, which is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange.

The Bank's activities consist of, on the one hand as a bank, the provision of classical private banking services and, on the other hand as an investment holding company, administrative tasks and duties, including monitoring its commercial activities and own investments in compliance Swiss regulatory supervision requirements.

Private Banking services provided by the Bank include deposit accounts, secured Lombard-type and mortgage loans, fiduciary placements, treasury transactions, foreign exchange, securities (equities, bonds and investment funds) brokerage, advisory services and discretionary management.

https://www.efggroup.com/EFG-Group.html

EFG International brings entrepreneurial thinking to Swiss private banking.

We've created a new banking experience through our business model, which centres around our clients and the independent and customised advice that our Client Relationship Officers (CRO) offer.

Our clients benefit from our financial stability and our global reach. With our scalable multi-shore platform, we operate hubs in Switzerland, Europe, the Americas, Asia Pacific and the Middle East.

The unique quality of our service and advice, and the investment performance we generate for our clients, are the ultimate measure of our success.

https://www.efginternational.com/us/about.html

10M24: Net profit exceeds CHF 260 million¹ and net new assets of CHF 7.4 billion – 20/11/2024

* Net profit exceeded CHF 260 million¹ in the first ten months of 2024 (FY23: CHF 303.2 million) and annualised return on tangible equity² was approximately 18.5% (FY23: 18.2%)

* Net new assets totalled CHF 7.4 billion, corresponding to an annualised growth rate of 6.3%, exceeding EFG’s target range of 4-6%; this reflects a strong contribution from new Client Relationship Officers (CROs) hired in 2023

* Assets under Management totalled approximately CHF 159 billion at end-October 2024 (end-2023: CHF 142.2 billion), driven by strong net new assets, positive foreign exchange impacts and favourable market performance in the year to date

* Revenue margin was 96 basis points for the first ten months of 2024, compared to 97 basis points for 1H24 and 99 basis points for FY23

* Cost/income ratio was 73.9%³ for the first ten months of 2024, compared to 73.3% in FY23; reflecting the full impact of investments made in 2023 and the limited revenue contribution from the life insurance portfolio in the past four months

* Normalised hiring momentum during the reporting period with a total of 60 new CROs

* Strong capital and liquidity position, with a CET1 Ratio of 17.5%, a Total Capital Ratio of 21.3% and a Liquidity Coverage Ratio of approximately 216% at end-October 2024.

Giorgio Pradelli, CEO of EFG International:

We are continuing to deliver against our strategic plan, generating increased net profit in the first ten months of 2024. Our top line has proven resilient throughout this year, supported by higher Assets under Management, continued strong levels of client activity and a significant increase in mandate penetration.

We experienced strong net asset inflows in the reporting period, with the usual seasonal effects during the summer. These inflows are a testament to the trust that our clients place in us. They also demonstrate that the investments we made last year are continuing to bear fruit with the CROs we hired in 2023 contributing significantly to EFG’s total net new assets. While the investments we made are already fully reflected in our cost base, the process of translating our expanded capabilities into further increases in revenues and profitability has only started this year.

We remain well ahead of schedule in the execution of the 2025 strategic plan we presented two years ago, and we will continue to focus on the delivery of our strategic priorities and on achieving our 2025 financial targets.

Continued strong growth momentum with net new assets of CHF 7.4 billion

Net new assets totalled CHF 7.4 billion for the first ten months of 2024, corresponding to an annualised net new asset growth rate of 6.3%, exceeding EFG’s target range of 4 6%. CROs who joined EFG in 2023 continued to contribute significantly to total net new assets. All of EFG’s business regions recorded net inflows during the reporting period, with both the Asia Pacific and Latin America regions posting double-digit growth rates.

Revenue-generating Assets under Management totalled approximately CHF 159 billion at end-October 2024, compared to CHF 142.2 billion at end-2023 and CHF 159.3 billion at end-June 2024. The significant increase compared to end-2023 was driven by strong net new assets, positive foreign exchange impacts and favourable market performance for the year to date.

Strong profitability and resilient top line

In the first ten months of 2024, EFG recorded a net profit in excess of CHF 260 million and the annualised return on tangible equity was approximately 18.5%. This compares to a net profit of CHF 303.2 million and a return on tangible equity of 18.2% for the full year 2023.

Operating income increased by approximately 4% in the first ten months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, once again demonstrating the resilience of EFG’s top line. Revenue performance in the first ten months was driven by a double-digit percentage increase in net banking and commission income and higher other income. This development reflects increased revenue-generating Assets under Management, higher levels of client activity as well as a significant increase in mandate penetration in the reporting period to above 60% from 56% for 2023 (target range of 65%-70% by end-2025).

In contrast, market conditions led to a decrease in net interest income in the first ten months of 2024 compared to the same period of last year. However, the monthly average for interest-related income (i.e. net interest income plus swap income) for July through October 2024 was slightly higher than the monthly average in the first half of 2024.

The revenue margin in the reporting period was 96 basis points (97 basis points for 1H24 and 99 basis points for FY23). The slight decrease of 1 basis point in the revenue margin compared to the first half of this year was mainly driven by the limited contribution from the life insurance portfolio in the past four months. Excluding the revenue contribution from the life insurance portfolio, the revenue margin in the first ten months of 2024 was stable at 93 basis points compared to the first half of the year.

EFG’s operating expenses increased by 5% in the first ten months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, with the significant investments made last year now fully reflected in EFG’s cost base. In the first ten months of 2024, the cost/income ratio was 73.9%³, compared to 72.6%³ in the first half of 2024 and 73.3% for 2023. Excluding income from the life insurance portfolio, the cost/income ratio was stable compared to the first half of the year.

EFG maintains a very disciplined approach to cost management and will continue to focus on enhancing operational efficiency through process optimisation, automation and digitalisation and is also taking targeted cost measures. EFG is on track to deliver the previously announced annual cost savings of CHF 60 million in the period from 2023 to 2025 compared to its 2021 cost base.

Normalised hiring momentum with 60 new CROs

In the first ten months of 2024, 60 new CROs joined EFG and the bank has already agreed or made offers to hire an additional 24 CROs who have not yet joined the bank. This compares with EFG’s ambition to hire an average of 50-70 CROs per year and reflects its attractiveness as an employer.

At end-October 2024, EFG’s total number of CROs worldwide was 706, compared to 707 CROs at end-June 2024.

Strong capital and liquidity position

In the first ten months of 2024, EFG maintained its strong capital and liquidity position. As of end-October 2024, EFG’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Ratio was 17.5%, compared to 17.0% at end-2023. EFG’s Total Capital Ratio was 21.3%, compared to 21.0% at end-2023.

The Liquidity Coverage Ratio was approximately 216%, compared to 230% at end-2023.

https://www.efginternational.com/us/media/2024/10M24_Net_profit_exceeds_CHF_260_million_and_net_new_assets_of_CHF_7_4_billion.html

Julius Baer Group Ltd

For more than 130 years, we at Julius Baer have managed our clients’ wealth and served them as trusted, truly personal and holistic advisors. With our roots as a family business, we know the value of long-term relationships, and the challenges and opportunities of growing wealth, protecting it, and passing it on. In all we do, we are inspired by our purpose: creating value beyond wealth.

Julius Baer is present in around 25 countries and 60 locations. Headquartered in Zurich, we have offices in key locations including Bangkok, Dubai, Dublin, Frankfurt, Geneva, Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Madrid, Mexico City, Milan, Monaco, Mumbai, Santiago de Chile, São Paulo, Shanghai, Singapore, Tel Aviv, and Tokyo. Our client-centric approach, our objective advice based on the Julius Baer open product platform, our solid financial base and our entrepreneurial management culture make us the international reference in wealth management.

At the end of October 2024, assets under management amounted to CHF 480 billion. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd., the renowned Swiss private bank with origins dating back to 1890, is the principal operating company of Julius Baer Group Ltd., whose shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (ticker symbol: BAER) and are included in the Swiss Leader Index (SLI), comprising the 30 largest and most liquid Swiss stocks.

https://www.juliusbaer.com/en/about-us/

Interim Management Statement for the first ten months of 2024* - 21/11/2024

Substantial increase in client assets – Accelerated net inflows – Solid capital position – Start date of new CEO set for 9 January 2025.

Zurich, 21 November 2024 – In the first ten months of 2024, Julius Baer realised substantial growth in assets under management (AuM), supported by accelerated net new money inflows since the end of June. The Group’s CET1 capital ratio improved to 16.7%, underlining the strong capital-generating nature of the Group’s business model. Julius Baer’s designated CEO Stefan Bollinger will start on 9 January 2025.

AuM grew by 12% to CHF 480 billion – Accelerated net inflows

In the first ten months of 2024, AuM rose to CHF 480 billion, a year-to-date increase of 12%. Total client assets reached a record high of CHF 570 billion. The increase in AuM was driven by strong stock markets as well as solid net inflows of CHF 11 billion. The positive currency impact experienced in the first half of the year was partly reversed over the past four months.

Compared to the first half of 2024 (H1 2024), when net inflows were at CHF 3.7 billion (1.7% annualised), net new money in the July–October 2024 period accelerated to CHF 7.5 billion (4.8% annualised). The latter result included a large single transactional inflow of which the majority left in November. Excluding this transaction, the July–October inflow pace was 4.2%.

Net new money flowed in predominantly from clients domiciled in strategic key markets in Europe (especially the UK and Germany), Asia (particularly Singapore and India), and the Middle East (especially the UAE). The impact of client deleveraging diminished meaningfully compared to previous years.

In the first ten months of 2024, the number of relationship managers grew by 46 full-time equivalents (FTEs) to 1,389.

Gross margin 83 basis points

In the first ten months of 2024, the gross margin decreased to 83 basis points (bp), compared to the 88 bp underlying ** gross margin for full year 2023 (FY 2023).

In the July–October 2024 period, the gross margin was 81 bp, a decline from the 85 bp reported for H1 2024, but similar to the level in May–June 2024 (excluding the loss related to the sale of Kairos in May 2024):

* The gross margin contribution from recurring income (within net commission and fee income) declined slightly to 37 bp (H1 2024: 38 bp), partly due to the full four-month impact of the deconsolidation of Kairos in May 2024.

* Interest-driven income contributed 23 bp (H1 2024: 24 bp) to the gross margin, of which 7 bp (H1 2024: 10 bp) from net interest income, and 16 bp (H1 2024: 14 bp) from treasury swap income (within net income from financial instruments at FVTPL *** ).

* Activity-driven income added 21 bp (H1 2024: 24 bp) to the gross margin, of which 10 bp (H1 2024: 10 bp) from the non-recurring revenues within net commission and fee income, and 11 bp (H1 2024: 14 bp) from the revenues not related to treasury swap income within net income from financial instruments measured at FVTPL. Following a seasonally slower third quarter, activity-driven income improved again in October.

Cost/income ratio 71%, pre-tax margin 24 bp

The adjusted cost/income ratio remained at 71%, compared to 69% (underlying) in FY 2023, and the adjusted pre-tax margin at 24 bp compared to 26 bp (underlying) in FY 2023.

Strongly capitalized

In Switzerland, the final Basel 3 standard (B3F) will be implemented with effect from 1 January 2025. In the first ten months of 2024, on the basis of the currently applicable standard, the Group’s CET1 capital ratio strengthened to 16.7% (end 2023: 14.6%) and the total capital ratio rose to 24.7% (end 2023: 24.0%). This development was reinforced by the further benefit of the ‘pull-to-par’ reversal of the decline (back in 2021 and 2022) in the value of bonds held in the Group’s treasury portfolio (financial assets measured at FVOCI **** ), as well as a further reduction in the private debt loan book to just above CHF 0.4 billion (end 2023: CHF 0.8 billion; end June 2024: CHF 0.6 billion), at 100% credit risk weighting.

At these levels, the Group’s CET1 and total capital ratios remain well above the Group’s own floors of 11% and 15% respectively, and significantly in excess of the regulatory requirements of 8.3% and 12.5% respectively.

Following the redemption of the AT1 bonds issued in 2017 (USD 300 million aggregate nominal amount) in September 2024, the Group’s tier 1 leverage ratio stood at 4.8% (end 2023: 4.9%), substantially above the regulatory requirement of 3.0%.

The Group currently expects that IFRS net profit for the full year 2024 will significantly exceed the one achieved in FY 2023.

New CEO Stefan Bollinger to start on 9 January 2025

As announced in July 2024, the Board of Directors has appointed Stefan Bollinger as Chief Executive Officer. The Group can now confirm that Stefan Bollinger will join Julius Baer on 9 January 2025.

https://www.juliusbaer.com/en/media-investors/news/interim-management-statement-for-the-first-ten-months-of-2024/

Migros Bank AG

Banks are there for people and their needs. That is why we were founded in 1958 and this set of values continues to shape us to this day. We are the human bank and our capital is constantly growing - it is the trust of our customers.

https://www.migrosbank.ch/de/ueber-uns/unser-unternehmen.html

Raiffeisen Switzerland

https://www.raiffeisen.ch/rch/de/ueber-uns/markets.html

Swiss National Bank

The Swiss National Bank is Switzerland’s central bank. It has the exclusive right to issue banknotes (note-issuing privilege) and has been mandated to conduct the country’s monetary policy. In accordance with the Constitution and Swiss law, the SNB is independent in the fulfilment of its mandate, holds regular discussions with the Federal Council, is accountable to the Federal Assembly and is obliged to provide the general public with periodic information on its activities.

Mandate

The SNB conducts the country’s monetary policy as an independent central bank. This mandate is enshrined in the Constitution and the National Bank Act (NBA). The Constitution obliges the SNB, as an independent central bank, to conduct a monetary policy that serves the interests of the country as a whole. The NBA describes the mandate in more detail: “It shall ensure price stability. In so doing, it shall take due account of economic developments.”

Monetary policy strategy

In its monetary policy strategy, the SNB sets out the manner in which it operationalises its statutory mandate. The strategy consists of three elements: a definition of price stability, a conditional inflation forecast over the subsequent three years, and the implementation of the SNB's monetary policy by influencing the interest rate level and the exchange rate.

Price stability

Stable prices are an important condition for growth and prosperity. Inflation (a sustained increase in the price level) and deflation (a sustained decrease in the price level) both impair economic activity. They hinder the role of prices in allocating labour and capital to their most efficient use, and result in a socially undesirable redistribution of income and wealth.

The SNB equates price stability with a rise in the Swiss consumer price index (CPI) of less than 2% per annum. Deflation also breaches the objective of price stability.

Cash

The SNB is entrusted with the note-issuing privilege. It supplies the economy with banknotes that meet high standards with respect to quality and security. The SNB issues banknotes and coins commensurate with demand for payment purposes, offsets seasonal fluctuations, and withdraws damaged banknotes and coins. The SNB is also charged by the Confederation with the task of coin distribution.

Cashless payment transactions

The SNB has the task of facilitating and securing the operation of cashless payment systems. It fulfils this duty primarily as commissioning party and system manager of the Swiss Interbank Clearing (SIC) payment system. The SIC system is the central payment system in Switzerland for payments in Swiss francs. Via this system, banks and other financial market participants settle payments between financial institutions as well as retail payments.

Management of currency reserves

The assets of the SNB fulfil important monetary policy functions. They consist mainly of gold and foreign currency investments and, to a lesser extent, financial assets in Swiss francs. Their size and composition are determined by monetary policy requirements.

Contribution to financial stability

Financial stability means that banks and financial market infrastructures (FMIs) can perform their functions and are resilient to potential shocks and disruptions. Financial stability is an important prerequisite for economic development and effective monetary policy implementation.

The National Bank Act confers on the SNB the task of contributing to the stability of the financial system. The SNB performs this task by analysing sources of risk to the financial system, overseeing systemically important FMIs, and helping to shape the operational framework for the Swiss financial centre. A particular focus of attention is the resilience of systemically important banks. Every year, the SNB publishes a financial stability report, in which it assesses Swiss banking sector stability and discusses developments and risks in the economic environment as a whole as well as in the banking sector. In a crisis, the SNB fulfils its mandate by acting as lender of last resort.

International monetary cooperation

The objective of international monetary cooperation is to promote the functioning and stability of the international monetary and financial system and help overcome economic crises. As a small open economy, Switzerland is highly integrated with the global economy. It therefore derives particular benefit from a stable international monetary and financial system.

Within the framework of international monetary cooperation, the SNB participates in the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), the Financial Stability Board (FSB), the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the G20 Finance Track at the invitation of the G20 presidency, and the Central Banks and Supervisors Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS).

The SNB fulfils its monetary policy mandate independently of the Swiss government and parliament.

Independence and accountability

The SNB fulfils its monetary policy mandate independently of the Swiss government and parliament. This form of organisation reflects the historical experience that independent central banks are better able to maintain price stability than those subordinated to political authorities. As a counterbalance to its independence, the SNB is accountable to the Federal Council, the Federal Assembly and the general public.

Relationship with the Confederation

Since the SNB performs a public function, it is administered with the cooperation of the Confederation and is under its supervision. Thus, the Federal Council appoints the majority of the Bank Council members, including the President and the Vice President, as well as the members and deputy members of the Governing Board, on the recommendation of the Bank Council. In addition, the Federal Council approves the SNB’s Organisation Regulations issued by the Bank Council.

Organisation

Special-statute joint-stock company

The SNB is a joint-stock company governed by special provisions under federal law. It is administered with the cooperation and under the supervision of the Confederation in accordance with the provisions of the National Bank Act. SNB shares are traded on the Swiss stock exchange. The share capital amounts to CHF 25 million, about half of which is held by cantons, cantonal banks and other public institutions. The remaining shares are largely in the hands of private individuals. The Confederation does not hold any shares.

General Meeting of Shareholders

The General Meeting of Shareholders is held once a year, as a rule in April. Owing to the SNB’s public mandate, the powers of the shareholders’ meeting are far less extensive than those of joint-stock companies under private law.

The Bank Council oversees and controls the conduct of business by the SNB. It consists of eleven members. Six members, including the President and Vice President, are appointed by the Federal Council, and five are elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Bank Council sets up four committees from its own ranks: the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Governing Board

The SNB’s management and executive body is the Governing Board. It consists of three members. The Governing Board is responsible, in particular, for monetary policy, asset management strategy, contributing to the stability of the financial system, and international monetary cooperation. It represents the SNB in the public sphere.

The Enlarged Governing Board consists of the three members of the Governing Board and their deputies, and is responsible for issuing the strategic guidelines for the SNB’s business operations.

https://www.snb.ch/en/snb-explained/portrait

Swiss balance of payments and international investment position Q3 2024

Overview

In Q3 2024, the current account surplus was CHF 6 billion, down CHF 10 billion on the same quarter of 2023. All components contributed to the decline in the current account balance.

* The decrease in the balance of trade in goods was primarily attributable to merchanting. The receipts surplus in traditional goods trade (foreign trade total 1), however, increased compared to Q3 2023.

* The expenses surplus for trade in services as well as for primary and secondary income rose year-on-year. The relatively high deficit in secondary income was due to domestic insurance companies’ claims payments abroad.

Transactions reported in the financial account resulted in a net acquisition of financial assets (CHF 9 billion) and a net incurrence of liabilities (CHF 16 billion) in Q3 2024. The financial account balance thus stood at CHF –7 billion.

* The net acquisition on the assets side is mainly attributable to resident investors purchasing foreign-issued debt securities (portfolio investment).

* The net incurrence on the liabilities side is mainly due to ‘other investment’ transactions, with resident commercial banks and the SNB increasing their liabilities towards non- resident banks (interbank business).

Stocks of foreign assets were down by CHF 60 billion to CHF 5,191 billion, and stocks of foreign liabilities by CHF 9 billion to CHF 4,279 billion. In Q3 2024, the net international investment position decreased by CHF 51 billion quarter-on-quarter to CHF 913 billion.

* On both the assets side and the liabilities side, the decline was dominated by exchange rate- related valuation losses. Since Switzerland’s foreign assets are largely held in foreign currencies, exchange rate changes have stronger effects on the assets side than the liabilities side.

* While there were exchange rate-related valuation losses, valuation gains resulted from higher prices on the international capital markets (including Switzerland).

Data Revision

The data on the balance of payments and international investment position takes into account revisions, some of which go back to 2019. These revisions have arisen as a result of newly available information from the reporting institutions. More detailed information is available under Changes and revisions on the SNB’s data portal.

https://www.snb.ch/public/publication/en/www-snb-ch/publications/communication/press-releases/2024/pre_20241220/0_en/pre_20241220.en.pdf

UBS Group AG

Our Purpose

At UBS we’re reimagining the power of people and capital to create a better world for all of us – a world that’s fair. That’s sustainable. And that gives everyone the opportunity to thrive. A key part is in making connections: drawing on our global ecosystem of partners, clients and communities to share ideas, bring opportunities to life and make a real impact.

Our Commitment

We’ll keep finding new ways for our clients to put their money where it matters most. Our sustainable and impact investment strategies aim to help us all on a path towards a brighter future.

https://www.ubs.com/global/en/our-firm/our-purpose.html

UBS reports 3Q24 net profit of USD 1.4bn with 6.2trn in invested assets; delivering for clients, executing on integration at pace and investing for growth – 30/10/2025

Key highlights

* ?3Q24 PBT of USD 1.9bn and underlying1 PBT of USD 2.4bn demonstrating the strength of our client franchises,diversified business model and global scale; net profit of USD 1.4bn, RoCET1 of 7.6% and underlying RoCET1 of9.4%

* ?Continued client momentum with USD 25bn of net new assets in Global Wealth Management, on track to deliveron our ambition of USD ~100bn in NNA for 2024; Group invested assets of USD 6.2trn, up 15% YoY; granted orrenewed CHF ~35bn in loans in Switzerland in the quarter

* ?Strong transactional activity across Global Wealth Management and the Investment Bank, underlying GWMtransaction-based income up 19% YoY, Global Markets revenues up 31% YoY

* ?Non-core and Legacy RWA reductions remain ahead of plan; with USD 5bn in 3Q24 and USD 41bn since 2Q23

* ?Delivering on cost-reduction ambitions with additional USD 0.8bn in gross cost savings realized in 3Q24 andUSD ~7.5bn expected for full-year 2024

* ?Successful completion of first wave of client account migrations with transfers in Luxembourg and Hong Kong in October; Singapore and Japan expected by year-end and Switzerland in 2025, positioning us well to enhance the clientexperience and to unlock next phase of significant cost saves toward the end of 2025 and in 2026

* ?Strong capital position allowed us to voluntarily accelerate the phase-out of the remaining transitional capitaladjustments agreed with our regulator, bringing the CET1 capital ratio in line with our guidance; we remain committedto our dividend and buyback ambitions for 2025 and 2026

* ?Positioning for long-term growth with investments in our people, products and capabilities, including technologywith roll out of 50,000 Microsoft 365 Copilot licenses to our employees by March 2025, the largest deployment withinthe global financial services industry to date

“Our performance in the third quarter demonstrates the power of our unique client franchises, global scale anddiversified business model. Against a market backdrop that, while constructive, still exhibited periods of high volatilityand dislocation, our businesses delivered impressive revenue growth as we maintained strong client momentum,particularly in the Americas and APAC. We continue to significantly mitigate execution risk as we progress on theintegration of Credit Suisse while remaining disciplined in driving our cost and efficiency targets. At the same time, weare investing in our people, products and capabilities, including technology, to enhance client experience, improveproductivity and achieve sustainably profitable growth.” Sergio P. Ermotti, Group CEO

Strong financial performance

In 3Q24, we reported PBT of USD 1,929m and underlying PBT of USD 2,386m. Net profit attributable to shareholders was USD 1,425m and return on CET1 capital was 7.6%, or 9.4% on an underlying basis.

Reported revenues were USD 12,334m, up 5% YoY. On an underlying basis, revenues increased by 9% YoY to USD 11,672m, as strong transactional activity and recurring fee income driven by higher average invested assets more than offset the expected net interest income headwinds. Reported Group operating expenses decreased by 12% YoY to USD 10,283m. On an underlying basis, operating expenses decreased by 4% YoY to USD 9,165m as we continued to execute on our integration and efficiency plans.

Continued franchise strength and client momentum

During the third quarter, we remained close to our clients, guiding them through a market environment that while constructive, also showed signs of dislocation and volatility. Clients continue to value the investment opportunities we provide across our advice platform, as demonstrated by USD 25bn in net new assets in GWM. We remain on track to deliver on our ambition of USD ~100bn in NNA in 2024. We also generated USD 15bn of net new fee generating assets in the quarter, reflecting strong discretionary mandate sales in all regions with disciplined pricing. Group invested assets increased by 15% YoY to USD 6.2trn.

As a leading provider of credit to Swiss companies and the economy, we are also delivering on our commitments to our home market. In the quarter, we granted or renewed CHF ~35bn of loans in Switzerland.

Transactional activity was strong during the quarter across both private and institutional clients. In GWM, underlying transaction-based income increased by 19% YoY with strong momentum across all regions, led by the Americas and APAC. In the IB, Global Markets delivered revenues of USD 1.9bn, up 31% YoY, mainly driven by higher client activity and the strength of our expanded franchise, with gains across all regions, particularly in the Americas.

In Global Banking, underlying revenues increased 21% YoY with strong M&A performance in Asia and the US.

Ahead of plan on financial and operational integration priorities

We continue to execute on our integration plans, de-risking our balance sheet, and delivering on our cost reduction ambitions.

In 3Q24, we further reduced NCL RWA by USD 5bn, primarily through active unwinds across the loan and securitized products portfolios, bringing the total RWA reduction in NCL to USD 41bn since 2Q23. Similarly, NCL LRD decreased by 69% since 2Q23, including USD 11bn in the third quarter. Since last June, we have closed 52% of active books, around a year ahead of our original schedule.

In the quarter, we maintained our cost optimization momentum across the Group, delivering an additional USD 0.8bn in gross cost saves. By the end of 2024 we expect to achieve USD ~7.5bn of gross cost savings, or ~58% of our total cumulative gross cost save ambition.

Since June, we have also significantly advanced our work on migrating wealth management client accounts and data to UBS platforms. In October, we successfully achieved another milestone, moving all client accounts serviced out of Luxembourg and Hong Kong, a key booking hub in APAC. We are on track to complete the ongoing account transitions in Singapore and Japan by the end of this year, and will be in position to commence the next phase of transfers in Switzerland in the second quarter of 2025.

With this we are well positioned to enhance the client experience and to unlock further cost reductions toward the end of 2025 and into 2026, as we deliver on our ambition of USD ~13bn in gross cost saves by the end of 2026.

Maintaining strong capital position; expecting to operate at ~14% CET1 capital ratio; remain committed to capital returns ambitions

In the third quarter of 2024, reflecting our strong capital position, completion of legal entity mergers, overall progress on the integration and the winding down of NCL, we voluntarily accelerated the amortization of the remaining transitional purchase price allocation (PPA) adjustments for common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital purposes. This resulted in a USD 3.4bn decrease in CET1 capital and a CET1 capital ratio of 14.3%. Excluding this adjustment, the CET1 capital ratio would have been 14.9%.

In connection with the acquisition of the Credit Suisse Group in 2023, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) had approved neutralizing a CET1 capital effect of USD 5.0bn (net of tax) of interest-rate and own-credit-driven fair value adjustments for UBS Group AG that are expected to fully reverse into income and be accretive to CET1 capital over time. The transitional treatment was subject to linear amortization at the rate of USD 0.3bn per quarter through 30 June 2027. This quarterly amortization was eliminated upon fully amortizing the transitional treatment in the third quarter of 2024.

As these transitional adjustments only applied to UBS Group AG, the regulatory capital position of UBS AG was not impacted by the decision to fully amortize them. On a standalone basis as of 30 September 2024, UBS AG’s fully applied CET1 capital ratio is expected to be around 13.3%.

We expect that the adoption of the final Basel III standards in January 2025 will lead to a low single-digit percentage increase in the UBS Group’s RWA, reducing the CET1 capital ratio by around 30 basis points. This estimate is based on our current understanding of the relevant standards as we are in an active dialogue with FINMA regarding various aspects of the final rules. We continue to expect to operate with a CET1 capital ratio of around 14% after the implementation of the final Basel III standards.

We expect to complete our planned USD 1bn of share repurchases in the fourth quarter of 2024. Our ambition to continue share repurchases in 2025 and for our capital returns in 2026 to exceed pre-acquisition levels is unchanged. Our ambitions beyond 2025 are subject to our assessment of any proposed requirements from Switzerland’s ongoing review of its capital regime.

Investing for long-term growth in our people, products and capabilities

In addition to meeting the current needs of our clients, executing the integration, and delivering on short term plans, we remain focused on positioning UBS for long-term growth. We continue to self-fund our investments in our people, products and capabilities to further develop our client offerings across all of our businesses, including our growth regions, Americas and APAC.

This includes building on our long-standing AI expertise and industry-leading cloud position to accelerate development and adoption of GenAI solutions that benefit clients and employees.

With the rollout of 50,000 Copilot licenses between now and the end of March 2025, UBS is currently implementing the largest Microsoft 365 Copilot deployment within the global financial services industry to date. Another example is Red, a proprietary new AI assistant that will provide 20,000 employees in Switzerland, Hong Kong, and Singapore with easy access to UBS product information and investment research. In the Investment Bank, we are piloting a proprietary AI algorithm that researches and compiles potential merger and acquisition buy-side targets.

In these, and the many other AI deployments that are underway across the entire firm, we are focused on responsible AI. For example, all employees Group-wide are currently completing a ‘Responsible use of Generative AI’ training.

Outlook

In the third quarter of 2024 we saw strong client activity against a market backdrop that, while constructive, still exhibited periods of high volatility and dislocation.

Entering the fourth quarter, we see a continuation of these market conditions sustained by the prospects of a soft landing in the US economy. However, the macroeconomic outlook in the rest of the world remains clouded. In addition to seasonality, the ongoing geopolitical conflicts and the upcoming US elections are creating uncertainties that are likely to affect investor behavior.

In the fourth quarter, we anticipate a mid-single digit decline in net interest income in Global Wealth Management and a low single-digit decline in Personal & Corporate Banking. Non-core and Legacy is expected to generate a quarterly pre-tax loss in line with our earlier guidance.

The Group’s non-personnel costs are expected to show a seasonal sequential uptick. The Group’s quarterly tax rate is expected to be around 35%. Integration-related expenses are expected to be around USD 1.2bn and accretion of PPA effects to contribute around USD 0.5bn to the Group’s total revenues.

As we stay close to clients, helping them navigate this environment, and execute on our priorities, we will continue to invest to drive sustainable long-term value for our stakeholders while maintaining a balance sheet for all seasons.

https://www.ubs.com/global/en/investor-relations/financial-information/quarterly-reporting/_jcr_content/mainpar/toplevelgrid/col1/tabteaser/tabteasersplit_87622_1033643573/innergrid_copy_copy/xcol1/actionbutton_1897786_1825671581.0767700299.file/PS9jb250ZW50L2RhbS9hc3NldHMvY2MvaW52ZXN0b3ItcmVsYXRpb25zL3F1YXJ0ZXJsaWVzLzIwMjQvM3EyNC8zcTI0LW1lZGlhLXJlbGVhc2UtZW4ucGRm/3q24-media-release-en.pdf

Vontobel Holding AG

Empowering investors to build better futures

At Vontobel, our goal is to shape the future. We create and pursue opportunities with determination. We master what we do – and we only do what we master. This is how we aim to get our clients ahead.

A international investment firm with Swiss roots, Vontobel specializes in Private Clients and Institutional Clients. Our success across these areas of investing is driven by a culture of empowerment and a commitment to exceed the expectations of our clients. Vontobel Holding AG shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and majority owned by the founding family – a set up that guarantees both entrepreneurial independence and the diligence and transparency of a listed company.

Our history

Vontobel began in 1924 with the founding of brokerage firm F.E. Haeberli & Cie. in Zurich. In 1936, amid one of Switzerland’s most challenging economic periods, Jakob Vontobel seized the moment and acquired the firm, officially registering it as J. Vontobel & Co. His entrepreneurial spirit continues to shape our company a century later.

https://www.vontobel.com/en/about-vontobel/

Vontobel delivers strong profitability, stabilizes institutional flows and advances strategic priorities – 26/7/2024

* Profit before tax (PBT) up 12 percent, reaching CHF 173.3 million

* Assets under management up 9 percent to CHF 225.9 billion

* Net new money of CHF 2.3 billion, driven by strong Private flows and a halt in Institutional outflows

* Closed acquisition of a significant minority stake in Ancala – a successful private infrastructure manager

* Cost income ratio down 1.7 percentage points. On track to achieve gross cost reductions of CHF 100 million by end-2026

Vontobel delivers strong results during the first six months of 2024, with strong PBT of CHF 173.3 million, up 12 percent year-on-year. Operating income was CHF 727.7 million, up 4 percent, mainly driven by higher client activity. The Private Clients segment contributed CHF 530.8 million, up 10 percent, and the Institutional Clients segment CHF 197.4 million.

Positive net new money

Net inflows totaled CHF 2.3 billion. Private Clients segment flows were strong at CHF 2.4 billion, while Institutional Clients segment outflows were stopped at CHF 0.1 billion. Assets under management increased 9 percent to CHF 225.9 billion from end-2023, with assets under management in the Private Clients segment surpassing CHF 100 billion for the first time.

Successful closing of significant minority stake in Ancala

This transaction marks a milestone in Vontobel’s private markets strategy and provides investment capabilities in the fast-growing private infrastructure segment. It further expands Vontobel’s offering of diversified, active investment strategies with attractive long-term growth potential.

Efficiency program on track

The cost/income ratio decreased to 76.1 percent from 77.8 percent in the prior year. Vontobel is on track with its efficiency program, slated to run until the end of 2026.

Solid capital base, strong balance sheet

Vontobel maintained its solid capital position that exceeds all regulatory minima as well as its own through-the-cycle targets. As of end of June 2024, the CET1 ratio was 18.3 percent (15.5 percent pro-forma for the Ancala acquisition), and the Tier 1 ratio 23.6 percent (20.6 percent pro-forma).

https://www.vontobel.com/en/about-vontobel/media/communications/vontobel-delivers-strong-profitability-stabilizes-institutional-flows-and-advances-strategic-priorities/

Zürcher Kantonalbank

Zürcher Kantonalbank is the bank that's close to you. We successfully position ourselves as a universal bank with strong regional roots and an international network.

With total assets of CHF 200 billion and more than 6,000 employees, we are the biggest cantonal bank in Switzerland and one of the biggest Swiss banks. We are the leader in universal banking business in the Greater Zurich Area. Our clients enjoy a wide range of products and services.

Since its establishment in 1870, Zürcher Kantonalbank has been an independent institution under public law (selbständige öffentlich-rechtliche Anstalt), established and existing under the laws of Switzerland and the canton of Zurich. Our public service mandate involves providing the population of Zurich with financial services, assisting the canton in fulfilling its economic, social and environmental obligations and adopting a responsible approach to the environment and society.

We operate the densest network of branches and ATMs in the canton of Zurich. We also operate at an international level in order to meet our clients' cross-border requirements.

https://www.zkb.ch/en/home/our-company.html

Zürcher Kantonalbank once again achieves an encouraging half-year result – 30/8/2024

* Consolidated profit before taxes, at CHF 689 million, follows on from the exceptional year in 2023 (CHF 681 million)

* Commission business and services increased by 7.1% year-on-year to CHF 509 million; as expected, the net result from interest operations could not match the exceptionally high prior-year figure

* Client assets rose by 8.4% to CHF 488.7 billion; an encouraging net new money inflow totalling CHF 10.0 billion contributed to this growth

* The bank has a strong capitalisation; the figures are well above the regulatory minimum requirements

* Zürcher Kantonalbank’s AAA rating has been confirmed once again

Zürcher Kantonalbank has once again achieved an encouraging half-year result in a challenging environment. Its consolidated profit before taxes amounts to CHF 689 million (previous year: CHF 681 million); after the first-time application of the OECD minimum tax, the bank generated a consolidated profit after tax of CHF 601 million (previous year 1 : CHF 677 million). “I am delighted that we continued to generate an encouraging result in the first half of 2024 following the exceptional year in 2023. This shows that we are on the right track and are continuously expanding our leading position in the Zurich economic area. Our diversified and stable income structure is once again proving its worth,” says Urs Baumann, CEO of Zürcher Kantonalbank.

The bank generated operating income totalling CHF 1,560 million in the first half of 2024 (previous year: CHF 1,687 million). All major income streams contributed to this performance. In interest operations – the bank’s most important income stream – a good net result was achieved totalling CHF 858 million (previous year: CHF 946 million). The previous year’s high figure was characterised by non-recurring special factors. In addition to the return to a positive interest rate environment, the bank benefited in particular last year from the slower-than-expected shift of client funds to higher-yielding investment opportunities.

Positive market environment strengthens investment activities

The bank’s second-largest income stream – the commission business and services – performed especially well. The result increased by 7.1% to CHF 509 million (previous year: CHF 475 million) and therefore more than offset the reduction in income due to the launch of the free ZKB Banking service. This increase is mainly due to commission income from securities trading and investment activities (CHF 557 million), which rose by 9.4% compared to the same period last year. Client assets totalled CHF 488.7 billion, which corresponds to growth of around CHF 37.9 billion since the beginning of the year. The factors that contributed to this growth included the positive market performance (price, interest rate and currency trends) totalling CHF 24.1 billion and the ongoing encouraging net new money inflow of CHF 10.0 billion. In the first half of 2024, Zürcher Kantonalbank gained over 28,000 new clients – thanks in part to ZKB Banking, the bank’s free everyday banking service.

The bank’s third income stream, trading activities, came in at CHF 177 million and therefore, as expected, could not match the previous year’s exceptionally strong result of CHF 252 million. This outcome reflects the lack of momentum in the first half of 2024.

Targeted investments in growth and innovation

Operating expenses totalled CHF 859 million in the first half of the year and were therefore CHF 41 million or 5.0% higher on the previous year. This rise reflects the planned increase in investments in growth and innovation. Personnel expenses rose by 3.0% to CHF 612 million. This increase is attributable to higher headcount, which compared to 30 June 2023 rose by 315 FTEs to 5,652 FTEs after adjusting for part-time positions. The higher general and administrative expenses (+10.3%) reflect higher costs for maintenance and licences, and also the expansion of the workplace infrastructure for the additional employees. The cost/income ratio (CIR) is 54.7% and has normalised again compared to 48.7% in the same period of the previous year. The CIR is still below the target range.

Decline in value adjustments and lower depreciation and amortization

Value adjustments on participations as well as depreciation and amortisation of tangible fixed assets and intangible assets, at CHF 32 million, were CHF 11 million or 25.9% lower than in the previous year. This decrease is due in particular to the goodwill amortisation of the participation in Swisscanto in the amount of CHF 8 million, which expired in 2023. The line item “Changes to provisions and other value adjustments and losses” shows a net release of CHF 10 million (previous year: net release of CHF 5 million). This increase is determined largely by the net release of provisions for off-balance-sheet default risks totalling CHF 12 million.

Encouraging half-year result

The bank generated a consolidated profit before taxes totalling CHF 689 million for the first half of 2024. This corresponds to a year-on-year increase of CHF 8 million or 1.2%, whereby CHF 150 million in additional reserves for general banking risks were recognised in the first half of the previous year. The OECD minimum tax has been levied for the first time in 2024. As a result, the tax expense of CHF 88 million in the first half of 2024 is significantly higher than the comparable figure last year (CHF 4 million). The consolidated profit after taxes for the first half of 2024 amounts to CHF 601 million (previous year 2 : CHF 677 million). The return on equity totalled 8.6% compared to 10.4% in the previous year.

Stable balance sheet

Both total assets and the balance sheet structure present a stable picture. A key influencing factor is the ongoing robust real estate market in the Zurich economic area, which is also reflected in the mortgage portfolio. It expanded by 2.2% to CHF 103.1 billion compared to the end of 2023. Zürcher Kantonalbank achieved this increase while maintaining its high quality standards with regard to borrowers and financed properties. On the liabilities side, customer deposits rose slightly from CHF 101.5 billion to CHF 102.3 billion.

Strong capital and liquidity base

Zürcher Kantonalbank has an excellent capitalisation. Its risk-based total loss-absorbing capacity (risk-based TLAC ratio) was 26.0% as at 30 June 2024 (previous year: 23.9%). The risk-based equity ratio included in the TLAC ratio on a going-concern basis is 18.0% as at 30 June 2024 – this ratio, which is unchanged compared to 30 June 2023, significantly exceeds the current capital adequacy requirement of 13.8%.

The TLAC leverage ratio rose from 8.2% to 9.4%. The leverage ratio (going-concern), at 6.6% (previous year: 6.2%), is also well above the requirement of 4.5%.

The bank’s liquidity situation is likewise extremely robust. The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) is 146% as of mid-2024 (previous year: 147%).

The rating agencies Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s continue to assign Zürcher Kantonalbank a rating of AAA and Aaa respectively. Even on a stand-alone basis without taking into account any support from the state, Zürcher Kantonalbank’s aa- rating (Standard & Poor’s) indicates it is one of the safest universal banks in the world.

Outlook

“Last year’s exceptionally high result from interest operations will not be repeated to the same extent in 2024. I am nevertheless confident that we will achieve an attractive result. My confidence is based on our growth strategy in Private Banking, Corporate Clients and Asset Management, which has positioned the bank very well operationally despite the normalised interest rate environment,” says CEO Urs Baumann.

https://www.zkb.ch/en/home/media/media-releases/half-yearly-result-2024.html

Document ACQIND0020251217elcf0002p




Peso dips below 18 to the dollar for the first time since July 2024

502 words
15 December 2025
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2025 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

The Mexican peso traded at below 18 to the US dollar on Monday morning, its strongest position since July 2024.

After ending last week at just above 18 to the dollar, the peso appreciated slightly to reach 17.97 on Monday morning.

At 4:30 p.m. Mexico City time, the USD:MXN exchange rate was 17.99, according to Bloomberg.

The last time the peso traded at below 18 to the dollar was on July 23, 2024.

The peso has appreciated around 16% this year, after closing 2024 at 20.88 to the dollar, according to the Bank of Mexico.

Among the factors that have contributed to the significant appreciation of the peso in 2025 are the weakness of the US dollar, the Bank of Mexico’s still-high benchmark interest rate — even though it has declined by 275 basis points so far in 2025 — and strong  foreign  investment inflows.

The appreciation has occurred despite ongoing trade tensions with the United States, which in 2025 has imposed tariffs on a range of imports from Mexico, including steel, aluminum and light and heavy vehicles.

Analysts from the Monex financial group attributed the appreciation of the peso on Monday to the “continued decline” of the greenback.

The value of the US dollar fell on Monday morning on the DXY index, which measures the greenback against a basket of foreign currencies, including the euro, the Japanese yen and the British pound.

Monex analysts also said that the peso benefited from the “resolution of tensions between Mexico and the United States thanks to the agreement that puts an end to a water dispute.”

The Mexican and U.S. governments announced on Friday that they had reached “an understanding on water management for the current cycle and the previous cycle’s water deficit under the 1944 Water Treaty.”

As part of the agreement, Mexico committed to begin transferring this week more than 200,000 acre-feet of water to the United States.

On Monday of last week, U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to impose an additional 5% tariff on imports from Mexico if the Mexican government didn’t immediately release a portion of the water it owes to the United States after failing to meet its treaty obligations in the 2020-25 cycle.

The appreciation of the peso on Monday morning comes ahead of the final monetary policy meeting of the Bank of Mexico (Banxico) board, which will convene this Thursday.

The Banxico board has cut its benchmark interest rate after each of its last 11 monetary policy meetings, including all seven held so far this year, and is widely expected to make a 12th successive cut this week. The key rate is currently set at 7.25%.

The United States Federal Reservecut its key borrowing rate by 25 basis points last week, setting it at a 3.5%-3.75% range.

With reports from El Financiero and El Economista

Document MXNDEN0020251216elcf00004




CE Noticias Financieras English
International Issues of the Day for Sunday, December 14 (13:00 GMT)

1,196 words
14 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

CHILE ELECTIONS

Santiago - Polling stations opened in Chile to elect the successor of progressive Gabriel Boric in a presidential runoff that pits leftist Jeannette Jara against far-right José Antonio Kast.

(Text) (Photo) (Video)

- The president of Chile, Gabriel Boric, today exercised his right to vote in the runoff to elect his successor and urged the population to defend democracy from Punta Arenas, his hometown.

AUSTRALIA SHOOTING

Sydney (Australia) - At least twelve people were killed, including one of the shooters, on Bondi Beach, east of Sydney, in a mass shooting that Australian authorities have confirmed as a terrorist attack targeting the Jewish community.

(Text) (Photo)

UKRAINE WAR

Berlin- Foreign policy advisors, including from the U.S. and Ukraine, hold meetings in Berlin on the peace plan for the overrun country on the eve of a summit of European, EU and NATO leaders with Ukrainian President Volodymir Zelenski and, expectedly, a U.S. delegation led by Steve Witkoff.

(text)

- The idea of creating a "demilitarized zone" or a "free economic zone" in the Donbas is met with skepticism and distrust by Ukrainians, who believe it would only give invading troops a greater battlefield advantage, while Kiev is under double pressure from Washington and Moscow to cede territories in the eastern region. By Rostyslav Averchuk (text).

- U.S. President Donald Trump winks at the Kremlin by normalizing relations with its main ally, Belarus, through the lifting of sanctions.(Text)

HONDURAS ELECTIONS

Tegucigalpa - The enthusiasm with which more than three million Hondurans went to the polls on November 30 contrasts, two weeks later, with a growing discontent due to the absence of official results, in a slow and tight scrutiny under accusations of irregularities and flaws in the system. By Germán Reyes

(Text)(Photo)

VENEZUELA CRISIS

Relatives of Venezuelan political prisoners and human rights activists set up a symbolic Christmas table with the names of all these detainees and demand their release.

(Text) (Photo) (Video)

ISRAEL PALESTINE

Jerusalem - Israel maintains its occasional attacks despite the ceasefire against the Gaza Strip, where more than 70,600 Palestinians have been killed and more than 171,095 injured since the beginning of the offensive in October 2023.

(Text) (Photo)

THAILAND CAMBODIA

Nom Pen/Bangkok - Cambodia has suspended land travel on the border with Thailand, leaving thousands of people stranded in both countries, as clashes continue on the divide Sunday, marking a week of fighting that has left 33 dead and more than 200 wounded.

(Text) (Photo)

CHINA CINEMA

Beijing - With Zootrópolis 2 sweeping the Chinese box office and breaking box office records, some cinemas in the Asian country have turned these days into a real Zootrópolis: movie theaters where spectators enter with their dogs to see the film, a phenomenon that has sparked enthusiasm in networks and controversy over animal welfare.

(Text) (Photo) (Video)

CUBA CINEMA

Havana - For Cuban director Fabien Pisani, this Havana film festival was contradictory. His documentary on the censorship of reggaeton on the island was shown, but not one on singer-songwriter Pablo Milanés, who in his last years distanced himself from the revolution. "What bothered most about him was his sincerity," Pisani said in an interview with EFE.

(Text) (Photo) (Video)

SPECIALS

EFE begins to send to its subscribers from this Sunday a series of issues with the guide SPECIAL 2025, which will highlight the main issues, news, protagonists and events that had greater relevance throughout the year.

NEWS AGENDA

Europe

09:00 - ITALY POLITICS - The Italian Prime Minister, Giorgia Meloni, closes the annual convention, 'Atreju', organized by her party, the far-right Brothers of Italy (FdI). (Text) (Photo) (Video)

16:00 - Vatican City - JUBILEE OF DETAINEES - The Pope celebrates Mass for the Jubilee of the Detainees in St. Peter's Basilica (Text) (Photo) (Photo)

Madrid - SPAIN CHRISTMAS - Giant Christmas trees, monumental crib figures and millions of light bulbs dazzle the passers-by who stroll these days through some of the Spanish cities that have engaged in a peculiar competition to achieve the most spectacular Christmas decoration and attract the so-called 'tourism of lights'. (Text) (Photo) (Video) (Video)

America

Mexico City - MEXICO GENTRIFICATION - In the Historic Center of Mexico City, the night party coexists with an encampment of evicted people who, for almost four months, every weekend face aggressions, intrusions and the indifference of those who pass by without seeing them, in the midst of the increase of evictions in the capital prior to the 2026 World Cup. (Text) (Photo) (Video)

Asunción - PARAGUAY DOLLAR (Claves)- Paraguay's currency, the guaraní, appreciated against the dollar in recent weeks as a result of a range of factors that have pushed the value of the U.S. currency down to values not seen since June 2020 at a time when the greenback usually rises, driven by market movements due to school vacations and the end-of-year festivities. (Text) (Photo) (Text) (Photo)

18:00h.- Sao Paulo.- BRAZIL PROTESTS.- Social movements protest in Sao Paulo against a bill advancing in Congress that, if approved, would reduce the sentence of former ultra-right-wing president Jair Bolsonaro and other participants in the coup acts that occurred after the 2022 elections. (Text) (Photo) (Video)

21:00h.- Caracas.- VENEZUELA CRISIS.- Relatives of Venezuelan political prisoners and human rights activists set up a symbolic Christmas table with the names of all these detainees and demand their release. Plaza Bolivar in Chacao.

Middle East and Africa

Abuja - ECOWAS SUMMIT - The Economic Community of West African States (Ecowas) celebrates its 68th Ordinary Session of the Authority of Heads of State and Government, in a convulsive political context after the recent coup d'état in Guinea Bissau and the coup attempt in Benin a week ago. (Text)

10:00 -Riad- SPAIN SAUDI A.SAUDI - The Spanish Minister of Inclusion, Social Security and Migration, Elma Saiz, visits Saudi Arabia, where she takes part in the opening of the 11th Forum of the Alliance of Civilizations.

Asia

New Delhi - INDIA MESSI - Argentina's Lionel Messi visits India on a three-day tour that will include exhibition matches and meetings with fans in Kolkata, Hyderabad, Mumbai and New Delhi, as well as a scheduled meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Hong Kong - HONG KONG TRIAL - Hong Kong media tycoon Jimmy Lai will be sentenced next Monday in a national security trial that could lead to life imprisonment, a trial with possible repercussions for China's already fragile relations with Washington and London, and which has become emblematic of the struggle between political control and freedom of expression in the former British colony. (Text)

08:30h.- Beijing - CHINA SPAIN - The Spanish Minister of Transport and Sustainable Mobility, Óscar Puente, ends his visit to China and returns to Spain.

Editorial staff EFE International

(34)913 46 71 00

You can write to mesacentral@efe.com to contact our editorial staff.

In www.efeservicios.com you will find all the multimedia production of the EFE Agency and its World Agenda, an updated list of programmed informative events.

For any other product or service, please contact clientes@efe.com or call +34 91 3467245.

Document NFINCE0020251214elce005hq




Mexico’s week in review: Mexico leans into protectionism as the year draws to a close

1,423 words
13 December 2025
Mexico News Daily
MXNDEN
English
Copyright © 2025 Mexico News Daily, All Rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

Tariffs took center stage the second week of December. Mexico approved new tariffs of up to 50% on a variety of products from non-trade partners in a move some speculated was aiming at appeasing the U.S. ahead of next year’s trade pact review. Mexico also faced the prospect of higher tariffs on its own products — a threat U.S. President Trump says will become reality if Mexico doesn’t deliver Rio Grande water it owes the U.S.

President Sheinbaum highlighted the decline in homicides, while the National Public Security Council agreed prioritize fighting extortion in 2026. On the economic front, inflation is trending up as the central bank prepares its last interest rate decision of the year.

The week wrapped up with a beloved Catholic tradition: Millions of the faithful made the pilgrimage to the  Mexico City Basilica to celebrate the Day of the Virgin of Guadalupe at the place where, legend has it, she first appeared in Mexico nearly 500 years ago.

Didn’t have time to read this week’s top stories? Here’s what you missed.

Protectionist trade policies dominate at home and abroad

On Wednesday, Congress approved sweeping new tariffs on imports from China and other non-free trade agreement countries. The legislation, passing the Chamber of Deputies 281-24 with 149 abstentions, proposes tariffs ranging from 5% to 50% across 1,463 product categories.

The Chinese government immediately responded, urging Mexico to reverse the tariffs “as soon as possible.” However, Sheinbaum defended the measures at her Thursday morning press conference, with Economy Minister Marcelo Ebrard emphasizing the tariffs aim to protect Mexican industry from cheap imports rather than serving as a political measure. The legislation targets sectors including auto parts, textiles, furniture, and electronics, with the government estimating it will generate 70 billion pesos ($3.8 billion) in additional revenue annually.

Sheinbaum defends Mexico’s sweeping new tariffs: Thursday’s mañanera recapped

“Sheinbaum defends Mexico’s sweeping new tariffs: Thursday’s mañanera recapped” — Mexico News Daily

The tariff bill, though somewhat softened from Sheinbaum’s original September proposal, represents a calculated recalibration of Mexico’s trade relationships. It aims to protect domestic manufacturers, and could potentially smooth relations with the U.S. ahead of next year’s USMCA review — though critics warn it could increase consumer prices and create inflationary pressures.

Security progress and setbacks

Mexico’s security landscape presented a study in contrasts this week. A devastating car bomb explosion in Coahuayana, Michoacán, killed six people, including at least three community police officers, on Dec. 7. The powerful blast outside a community police station, initially characterized as terrorism before that designation was quietly removed, underscored the operational capacity criminal groups still maintain despite government initiatives like Plan Michoacán.

Yet government data told a different story. At her Tuesday morning press conference, President Sheinbaum presented figures showing homicides down 29% nationally compared to 2024, with an average of 65.1 murders per day during the first eleven months of 2025. November alone saw a 37% reduction compared to September 2024, equivalent to 32 fewer homicides daily. Officials reported nearly 39,000 arrests for high-impact crimes since October 2024, alongside seizures of 311.7 tonnes of drugs and 20,169 firearms.

Despite these improvements, public perception remains challenging. Sheinbaum’s approval rating declined to 74%, down nine points from its May peak, with younger Mexicans particularly skeptical. Only 35% of poll respondents believe Mexico is improving in terms of security.

Economic resilience despite inflationary headwinds

Despite trade tensions and security concerns, Mexico’s labor market demonstrated remarkable strength. Formal  employment reached a record 22.8 million workers as of Nov. 30, the highest figure since records began in 1943. The addition of 48,595 new jobs in November brought cumulative growth for 2025 to 599,389 positions, with women’s formal employment showing particularly strong gains of approximately 98,000 new positions over the past year.

However, inflation continued climbing toward 4%, reaching 3.80% in November, up from 3.57% in October. Core inflation hit 4.43%, the highest since March 2024, driven by service sector pressures, food price increases (serrano peppers up 24.76%, squash climbing 17%), and electricity costs soaring 20.7%. The central bank is expected to reduce interest rates by 25 basis points at its December 18 meeting despite these inflationary pressures.

Es muy posible que en algunos meses de 2026 la inflación general se ubique por encima de 4% en México. pic.twitter.com/BAia27tmhG

— Gabriela Siller Pagaza (@GabySillerP) December 9, 2025

Bilateral relations: Diplomatic whiplash

President Sheinbaum’s week illustrated the volatile nature of U.S.-Mexico relations. Following what she described as a “very friendly” meeting with President Trump at the World Cup draw in Washington, D.C., where Trump showed “a lot of respect toward Mexico,” the diplomatic atmosphere quickly deteriorated. Just days later, Trump threatened a 5% tariff on Mexican goods unless Mexico promptly delivers water owed to Texas farmers under the 1944 Water Treaty, demanding 200,000 acre-feet before December 31.

Sheinbaum responded diplomatically, acknowledging treaty obligations while noting physical limitations including pipeline capacity and Mexico’s own water needs during severe drought. She expressed confidence that an agreement could be reached, emphasizing Mexico’s shortfall is “not a matter of ill will.”

The water dispute emerged alongside other bilateral tensions. Sheinbaum reported that the Trump administration is deporting fewer people to Mexico than the Biden administration did—an average of 472 per day versus 572 under Biden. This data point, presented at Wednesday’s press conference, suggests a more complex reality than Trump’s tough-on-immigration rhetoric might suggest.

Cultural recognition and tourism highlights

President Sheinbaum continued garnering international recognition this week. The New York Times named her among the 67 most stylish people of 2025, highlighting how she uses clothing incorporating Indigenous textile heritage as an extension of her political agenda. At her Wednesday press conference, Sheinbaum graciously deflected the praise to Mexico’s Indigenous artisans, emphasizing her consistent stance against cultural appropriation by major brands. Separately, Forbes again named Sheinbaum one of the world’s five most powerful women, noting her central role in North America’s manufacturing transformation.

Mexico’s tourism sector delivered exceptional news as international visitation surged 13.6% in the first ten months of 2025, with 79.3 million visitors generating $28.2 billion in revenue. October set records with 8.3 million arrivals and visitor spending jumping 50.3% compared to pre-pandemic 2019. Adding to tourism momentum, the BBC named Loreto, Baja California Sur, to its top 20 global destinations list for its community-led conservation efforts.

Other not-to-be missed stories from this week

* Former Chihuahua governor César Duarte arrested for embezzlement

* Automaker Stellantis planning major  expansion of its Mexican operations

* Nearly 40% of businesses in Mexico now using AI, says AWS executive

*  Mexico City hotel prices spike nearly 1000% ahead of the World Cup

* The Nohoch Mul pyramid, tallest in the northern Yucatán Peninsula, is climbable again

* Inside the binational effort to clean up the Rio Grande

Looking Ahead

As the year winds to a close, Sheinbaum is under increasing pressure over Mexico’s ongoing security challenges. Water issues remain top of mind as Mexico and the U.S. work out how to deal with Mexico’s water delivery shortfall along the two countries’ shared border.

Economically, record formal employment and continued foreign investment signal underlying strength, but inflation trending toward 4% threatens purchasing power and could force difficult monetary policy decisions. The central bank is expected to further cut interest rates next week, which could push inflation even higher.

Meanwhile, the tempestuous relationship with the United States—oscillating between friendly World Cup meetings and water-driven tariff threats within days—underscores the delicate diplomatic tightrope Sheinbaum must walk. As 2026 approaches with its crucial USMCA review, Mexico’s challenge will be maintaining sovereignty over domestic policy while managing an increasingly transactional and unpredictable northern neighbor. The coming months will test whether Sheinbaum’s blend of pragmatism, cultural nationalism, and strategic assertiveness can navigate these crosscurrents successfully.

Mexico News Daily

This story contains summaries of original Mexico News Daily articles. The summaries were generated by Claude, then revised and fact-checked by a Mexico News Daily staff editor.

The post Mexico’s week in review: Mexico leans into protectionism as the year draws to a close appeared first on Mexico News Daily

Document MXNDEN0020251213elcd0002x




2026: 3 External Trends Mexican Executives Can’t Ignore

Pablo Reynoso Brito 
1,202 words
12 December 2025
Mexico Business News
MEXBUS
English
© 2025 mexicobusiness.news. A Mexico Business company. All Rights Reserved. 

Business executives must navigate an increasingly complex and fast-moving external environment. This year, markets experienced a tsunami of macroeconomic, regulatory, and political changes. In this setting, business leaders need to navigate waves of information and identify the most impactful trends for their operations. To help executives cut through the noise, we outline the three macroeconomic trends that will matter most to them in 2026: The ongoing transition into a politically centered trade system, the renegotiation of the USMCA, and slow economic activity in Mexico.

Politics Will Continue Driving Global Trade

Companies will continue navigating the long-term transition from an institutionalized trade system to a politically driven one. Over the last decades, global trade has operated under a US-led system grounded in relatively institutionalized rules. However, in 2025, this system dramatically accelerated its erosion, leading to a more protectionist trade system dominated by nationalism and security priorities.

As a result, 2026 will be marked by a continued clash between protectionism and free trade, mostly in US courts, Congress, and crucially, in midterm elections. Courts will continue playing a key role in defining the limits of executive powers, particularly in the case of IEEPA tariffs, or the 25% tariff on non-USMCA-compliant Mexican goods. It is worth noting that if the Supreme Court rules against IEEPA tariffs, the Donald Trump administration will likely impose more tariffs via different legal mechanisms, while Section 232 tariffs on steel, aluminum, and autos would remain in place. Therefore, Mexico will continue facing tariffs in 2026, though they may remain lower than those of its competitors.

Despite its Republican majority and a general alignment with the administration, Congress will continue exerting influence on Trump’s policies through formal oversight, which will likely remain limited, and informal channels, including corridor talks with the White House on the USMCA renegotiation and US-Mexico security issues that will continue affecting the trade relationship.

Finally, the US midterm elections in November will be the ultimate check on Trump’s trade policies. With 35 of 100 Senate seats, all 435 House seats, and 36 governorships up for election, the results could significantly alter Washington’s balance of power. In turn, this would have an outsized impact on global trade. In the most likely scenario, the Democrats win a majority in the House, though the post-election disputes may be more contentious than in prior cycles.

Companies should anticipate a global environment with lower economic growth, more complex trade regulations, and higher volatility from political events. For example, at FrontierView, we forecast that the global economy will slow down, from 3.3% between 2022-2025 to 3% between 2026 and 2030.

Moreover, tariffs are here to stay. While the legal mechanisms to impose them and the exact rates will change, it becomes increasingly clear that countries are moving toward protectionism, including Mexico, with growing pressure to impose tariffs on China and other countries without free-trade agreements.

Finally, FX and inflation will continue facing volatility risks. While we do not anticipate a strong MXN depreciation (average of 19 MXN:USD), the peso could significantly depreciate if low-probability events occur, like a failure to extend the USMCA or a unilateral US military intervention against organized crime. Inflation will likely hover just below 4% — Banxico’s upper target — but will also remain vulnerable to a fragile trade landscape and local climate risks, like droughts affecting agricultural production.

The USMCA Will Endure, But Only After Long Negotiations

The ongoing negotiations to renew Mexico’s most important free-trade agreement will shape stability in 2026. In our view, the treaty will survive, but the Trump administration will push for changes, triggering a long and multilayered negotiation process. While the current rules will remain in place, a redesigned treaty could enter into force until late 2027 or even 2028 due to US Congressional approval processes. Still, this would provide greater stability for the regional trade landscape.

Most proposed changes to the USMCA are expected to favor the United States, with Mexico and Canada reluctantly agreeing. Trump may push for stricter rules of origin and labor requirements, particularly for automakers. Stronger enforcement mechanisms are also on the table. Energy and agriculture are likely to be points of friction, with the United States potentially seeking compensation for Mexico’s support of state-owned enterprises. Another possible demand is tighter controls on Chinese economic influence, aimed at preventing Chinese products from entering the United States via Mexico.

Under this base case scenario, Mexico would benefit from global trade shifts despite changes to the USMCA, improving its strategic position as the main supplier of the US market. This means that foreign investment would gradually recover in 2026 and potentially expand at a much faster rate in 2027 and beyond. However, next year, investment will remain constrained by local conditions, namely the structural barriers that continue limiting Mexico’s economic growth.

Slow Economic Growth, Fiscal Limitations

The domestic business environment will continue to be shaped by slow economic activity, although the economy will move faster than in 2025. At FrontierView, we forecast GDP growth of 0.6% in 2025 and 1.3% in 2026. This means that next year, growth will fall short of the 1.7% average recorded between 2008 and 2019.

The fiscal deficit continues to weigh on economic growth. In 2025, the government reduced spending by -3% in real terms, with programmable spending declining 7.5% while non-programmable spending rose 9.3%, meaning that debt and pensions are absorbing a sizable share of funds from infrastructure or policy. Fiscal challenges are likely to persist at least through 2027, but in 2026, programmable spending is projected to increase by 4.6%, supporting higher employment and economic activity.

Private investment is unlikely to see high growth in 2026, given lingering uncertainty from global conditions and domestic reforms, but it should recover relative to 2025. A year ago, Mexico was navigating the fallout from a controversial reformist wave and Trump’s victory, including renewed tariff threats. These factors created a near-perfect storm for the investment climate. While headwinds will persist, investors are beginning to chart these complex waters, and Mexico may even regain some of its nearshoring appeal amid a US–China decoupling.

Exports will support economic growth in Mexico, especially if the United States continues to underenforce its tariffs on Mexico and to provide exemptions. However, this remains contingent on a collaborative relationship between Mexico City and Washington. We project US GDP to slightly increase from 1.7% in 2025 to 1.8% in 2026.

Our View

These three trends paint a challenging macroeconomic landscape, but they also present opportunities. The Claudia Sheinbaum administration will leverage the business community to renegotiate the free trade agreement, opening public-private communication channels and improving access to key government decision makers. Moreover, the challenging US-Mexico relationship underscores the need to avoid complacency and diversify market opportunities. Finally, slow economic growth will push companies toward greater operational efficiency and innovation, enhancing the competitiveness of the most resilient firms. By identifying key trends and their operational implications, executives can proactively drive adaptation and unlock value.

Click to view image.

Document MEXBUS0020251212elcc0008e




CE Noticias Financieras English
Claudia's leadership and the Michoacán Plan

1,096 words
12 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

In other opinion spaces we have said that the president of Mexico has no need to enter the crossfire that the opposition has decided to open with intensity. All of that, at the end of the day, has turned out favorably for Claudia Sheinbaum's administration. In fact, she showed the power of convocation last weekend. It was just a taste of the leadership that she represents and that, as the months go by, is acquiring more solidity. The head of state is not only a social phenomenon in our territory, but also worldwide. Her personality has contributed to her being qualified as one of the most powerful women. This, which is increasingly felt, has raised her popularity and, with it, her legitimacy is very high as a representative of the people.

It is usually very difficult for the opposition to assimilate the forceful step with which Claudia Sheinbaum walks. We know, to a certain extent, the degree of desperation into which they have fallen. We are very clear that the dirty war of disinformation that is being propagated is financed by conservative groups. They have intensified it and have tightened, according to them, the accelerator. But with false information? It is known to the light of day that the opposition has cracked. The remaining vestiges of the PRI will dissolve in the mid-term elections of 2027. Perhaps the PAN will continue to keep its registry, even though its destiny has placed it in the hands of its own party; that is to say, to play it without alliances. It is clear that Jorge Romero's position is serious. The point is that, belatedly, National Action reacted to the harmful partnership it had with the Institutional Revolutionary Party, at least openly, since that marriage, since the times of Carlos Salinas de Gortari, worked as a team.

We cannot be oblivious to this. In this way, needless to say, the leftist movement organized itself and, in turn, built a project of nation that gathered from the active social participation. This is why a new development has been forged in Mexico. A humanist model that, it must be said, today is the reflection of that effort. There are guarantees and data that, in detail, give us a clearer picture of progress. There are fewer poor people; the quality of life is better; employment opportunities are flowing now that there is a record of foreign investment. Therefore, there is no point of comparison between neoliberalism and the 4T. There is an abysmal distance. It is enough to prove it now that Claudia has been awarded in the international magazine Forbes, as one of the women with the greatest political power. In fact, this is an example of inspiration to attract more actions that impact in favor.

Throughout the country, indeed, Claudia Sheinbaum has a comprehensive project for development. We can see that, if we look in detail, in the very essence of Plan Michoacán. All these actions, by the way, are fully legitimized by society. And yes, we are not only talking about security, which was put in the hands of Omar García Harfuch, with good results, but also about a scheme of assistance and support. The most substantial thing we can emphasize, in more than four weeks, has been the multiplication of scholarships for students. It should also be recognized that the main interest has been placed on projecting what Mexican hands produce, mainly the cultural and gastronomic richness of Michoacán. For example, we have all received invitations to the Welfare Fairs coordinated by the Ministry of Economy. This has raised the perception of products, but also consumption.

All of this, with the help of the communication channels, has had a wide coverage of what Claudia is doing in Plan Michoacán. In this way, the coordination that exists between the state and municipal governments is setting a clear precedent. A couple of days ago, for example, we saw the Mexican Institute of Industrial Property working at full speed. In fact, all the support to register the trademark of Carlos Manzo, former mayor of Uruapan, was made available to the mayoress of Uruapan. Given the responsibility of the president for what happened, a campaign has been mobilized to promote what Michoacán produces. Carnitas, one of the delicacies offered by these lands, obtained the certification mark. And now that it has been given an institutional character, there are also some geographical indications in the pipeline that are proudly a hallmark of the Purepecha region.

Those of us who look closely at all the positive effects of the Michoacán Plan, undoubtedly see clearly the commitment signed by the President of Mexico. It is common to see, for example, the Welfare Fairs we talked about. It was a good idea of the Ministry of Economy, together with its directors, to operate spaces to promote the products made in Michoacán. Mexico City itself, which is the capital of the country, boasted an event of this nature. Taking them there, we observed the vast culture and gastronomy. The mezcal, the sweets and its range of ates, as well as the bread and the typical clothing of the region itself, honored the magic of the culture of effort that thousands of working men and women put into it.

For this and for many reasons, I recognize the hard work of President Sheinbaum, especially in these lands that, in addition to being pioneers of the democratic struggle of the country, are a corridor for industrialization itself, through the Development Poles. As we know, the Bajío region, due to its position, will be the epicenter for companies to invest and generate sources of employment. Given the public policies, whatever they may be, we applaud them, especially those of Welfare, coordinated by the Ministry of Economy, one of the great pillars of the fourth transformation.

Endnotes

Puebla is one of the entities that has carried out the most works and infrastructure projects this year. One of these aspects, in short, is the expansion of the health sector. In fact, President Sheinbaum visited this enclave a few days ago. She herself, in coordination with the state government, have given a new face to one of the most important points of the country, especially for its geographical position. Let's remember that Puebla was recently chosen for the implementation of the Development Poles, which we talked about in the excerpts of this column. This, in the end, will bring investment, jobs and, therefore, a better quality of life.

Document NFINCE0020251212elcc007f3


PODER EJECUTIVO SECRETARIA DE HACIENDA Y CREDITO PUBLICO

42,804 words
12 December 2025
Diario Oficial de la Federación - Mexico
DIMEX
Spanish
Diario Oficial de la Federación (DOF) 

CALENDARIOS de Presupuesto autorizados de los Anexos Transversales para el ejercicio fiscal 2026

CALENDARIOS de Presupuesto autorizados de los Anexos Transversales para el ejercicio fiscal 2026.

Al margen un sello con el Escudo Nacional, que dice: Estados Unidos Mexicanos.- Hacienda.- Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público.- Subsecretaría de Egresos.- Unidad de Diseño Presupuestario, Control y Seguimiento del Gasto.

CALENDARIOS DE PRESUPUESTO AUTORIZADOS DE LOS ANEXOS TRANSVERSALES PARA EL EJERCICIO FISCAL 2026 Con fundamento en lo dispuesto en los artículos 31 de la Ley Orgánica de la Administración Pública Federal; 23, párrafo sexto de la Ley Federal de Presupuesto y Responsabilidad Hacendaria, y 21, fracción VI del Reglamento Interior de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público; y con base en las erogaciones aprobadas en el Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación para el Ejercicio Fiscal 2026, por este conducto se dan a conocer los calendarios de presupuesto autorizados de los Anexos de Transversales que a continuación se indican: Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                           Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 10 Erogaciones para la Implementación del Desarrollo Integral, Intercultural y Sostenible de los Pueblos y Comunidades Indígenas y Afromexicanas   (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 234,782,496,929

24,127,441,078

12,899,061,025

23,024,214,771

22,046,439,112

34,936,579,419

13,270,348,756

20,284,376,651

13,590,400,525

27,483,604,568

10,518,474,409

26,430,530,878

6,171,025,737

                              4 Gobernación 6,410,667

517,185

455,752

507,045

518,854

783,382

472,543

503,199

491,722

493,577

481,912

530,747

654,750

  Conducción a la política del Gobierno Federal para la democracia participativa, religiosa y fomento a la construcción de paz 2,911,264

233,798

202,600

221,634

227,256

498,702

205,065

215,342

222,729

213,690

205,054

226,506

238,889

  Planeación y conducción de la Política Interior 2,726,816

242,287

203,300

227,300

223,900

227,558

202,800

229,500

210,822

216,687

216,311

247,946

278,404

  Política para la protección y defensa de los derechos humanos 103,722

9,000

7,500

7,900

8,059

8,877

7,500

8,400

7,522

8,390

8,550

8,742

13,283

  Política para promover la protección de los derechos humanos y prevenir la discriminación 668,866

32,100

42,352

50,211

59,639

48,245

57,178

49,957

50,650

54,810

51,996

47,553

124,174

5 Relaciones Exteriores 253,186,624

23,578,730

18,769,516

20,506,423

19,524,929

20,667,815

19,408,260

22,294,089

17,189,068

22,275,524

17,538,485

35,812,709

15,621,076

  Articulación de la política exterior 253,186,624

23,578,730

18,769,516

20,506,423

19,524,929

20,667,815

19,408,260

22,294,089

17,189,068

22,275,524

17,538,485

35,812,709

15,621,076

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 64,622,494

2,538,134

0

14,226,273

15,937,063

8,591,307

8,504,292

9,229,542

5,595,882

0

0

0

0

  Inclusión financiera para el bienestar 64,622,494

2,538,134

0

14,226,273

15,937,063

8,591,307

8,504,292

9,229,542

5,595,882

0

0

0

0

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 17,554,819,489

3,608,237,023

483,594,005

1,188,086,312

6,800,509,107

1,450,444,415

1,308,223,514

719,848,923

674,656,730

604,806,478

131,757,091

466,550,448

118,105,443

  Acopio para el Bienestar 978,554,174

151,853,971

112,252,017

99,599,741

103,634,129

124,427,707

104,801,015

101,756,812

82,978,411

44,558,994

18,818,350

18,818,350

15,054,680

  Desarrollo y aplicación de programas y proyectos educativos y de investigación en el sector agroalimentario 670,995,394

62,080,821

53,790,938

54,214,844

50,784,232

70,188,976

60,722,074

63,094,877

57,992,972

57,996,238

63,574,205

31,096,306

45,458,912

  Fertilizantes para el Bienestar 5,600,000,006

2,569,706,531

30,611,696

666,100,491

675,958,839

722,014,031

684,981,499

44,784,671

42,061,699

40,681,654

40,655,363

40,661,933

41,781,599

  Pesca y Acuacultura Sustentables 438,790,837

408,677,500

0

0

0

4,330,430

3,789,127

4,415,527

3,789,127

13,789,127

0

0

0

  Producción para el Bienestar 8,197,520,211

0

1,407,541

32,373,449

5,770,348,881

454,928,370

381,613,468

393,128,281

381,613,468

381,613,468

8,709,174

375,973,860

15,810,252

  Programa de Abasto Rural 950,189,357

212,098,030

91,197,252

113,450,180

101,515,855

74,554,901

72,316,332

112,668,754

106,221,055

66,166,999

0

0

0

  Programa de Abasto Social y Precios de Garantía a cargo de Leche para el Bienestar, S.A. de C.V. 718,769,511

203,820,171

194,334,560

222,347,607

98,267,172

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 3,120,939,009

0

0

156,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

339,939,009

0

  Caminos artesanales 3,120,939,009

0

0

156,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

375,000,000

339,939,009

0

10 Economía 65,314,827

4,128,042

5,420,663

5,101,382

6,516,290

5,758,260

4,849,013

7,179,296

5,038,241

4,932,748

7,679,701

5,806,856

2,904,334

  Articulación de las políticas y programas del sector Economía 65,314,827

4,128,042

5,420,663

5,101,382

6,516,290

5,758,260

4,849,013

7,179,296

5,038,241

4,932,748

7,679,701

5,806,856

2,904,334

11 Educación Pública 76,839,646,422

6,919,060,519

3,944,206,864

8,830,974,544

5,214,034,725

17,598,669,353

2,422,842,879

2,833,013,547

1,834,338,925

11,410,984,467

826,133,951

14,038,617,881

966,768,768

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 36,228,080,000

3,903,815,581

51,170,250

3,962,332,114

46,609,859

10,297,673,770

46,237,058

172,147,721

46,609,858

7,083,638,898

46,797,058

10,334,715,463

236,332,369

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 4,255,900,000

810,733,601

0

822,894,605

0

835,240,802

0

12,346,197

0

699,817,828

200,000

981,728,429

92,938,537

  Diseño de la Política Educativa y Regulación de los Servicios 121,605,887

6,555,790

7,825,441

6,929,924

8,547,186

6,929,924

7,628,768

7,161,530

7,924,240

7,028,415

16,564,184

17,341,953

21,168,532

Expansión de la Educación Inicial 180,282,520

0

15,213,234

147,499,347

2,356,704

15,213,234

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Expansión de la Educación Media Superior y Superior 64,385,838

0

0

0

0

22,500,000

19,385,838

22,500,000

0

0

0

0

0

  Jóvenes Escribiendo el Futuro 1,265,000,000

222,372,701

0

232,872,091

4,976,714

244,575,917

3,645,434

16,432,271

3,645,434

202,610,483

3,645,434

309,268,030

20,955,491

  La Escuela es Nuestra 6,572,800,000

0

0

0

3,286,400,000

2,957,760,000

328,640,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Producción y distribución de libros y materiales educativos 3,563,438

0

0

0

94,808

0

0

0

446,952

2,979,680

41,998

0

0

  Programa de Becas Elisa Acuña 180,254,082

0

0

65,903,597

11,055,091

8,333,160

4,835,192

4,835,192

4,835,192

11,861,573

8,333,160

55,426,732

4,835,194

  Programa para el Desarrollo Profesional Docente 2,799,905

0

0

0

0

0

0

1,396,173

0

0

0

1,403,732

0

  Servicios de desarrollo Cultural 48,260,220

6,617,608

4,127,799

4,416,296

3,630,197

2,887,387

4,561,337

3,161,154

3,319,057

3,897,848

3,086,040

3,725,892

4,829,604

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 832,683,513

60,855,456

72,801,632

105,460,746

71,603,166

82,080,370

130,068,278

61,182,523

60,599,422

81,838,865

65,315,675

36,643,656

4,233,724

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 5,149,403,109

419,118,422

369,106,266

378,354,200

422,477,212

434,680,738

398,728,862

512,852,018

366,625,734

364,523,629

432,536,623

488,910,200

561,489,204

  Servicios de educación para Adultos (INEA) 97,498,957

7,063,296

6,680,709

11,578,421

10,294,447

11,383,990

8,168,431

6,927,858

6,977,725

6,523,761

8,640,143

8,749,331

4,510,846

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 12,377,542

961,300

962,555

1,033,250

980,382

1,052,332

1,002,061

1,054,532

982,582

1,054,532

982,582

1,062,051

1,249,383

  Servicios de mantenimiento e infraestructura física educativa 23,829,583

2,028,981

2,027,475

2,297,609

2,876,552

2,217,285

2,122,975

1,991,590

1,776,668

1,903,859

1,564,868

2,173,777

847,943

  Servicios de producción y distribución de libros y materiales culturales 1,655,942

265,083

265,022

267,721

263,876

266,085

265,901

8,660

8,660

8,660

8,660

8,660

18,953

  Servicios de producción y transmisión de materiales educativos, culturales y artísticos 9,483,611

490,706

728,528

746,372

867,198

780,212

778,689

1,156,177

838,954

846,837

819,511

877,356

553,071

  Subsidios para organismos descentralizados estatales 21,635,282,275

1,465,466,076

3,400,582,034

3,075,654,832

1,328,285,414

2,662,303,228

1,454,040,636

1,995,126,535

1,316,702,529

2,929,328,681

224,534,597

1,783,257,714

0

  Universidades para el Bienestar Benito Juárez García 154,500,000

12,715,918

12,715,918

12,733,418

12,715,918

12,790,918

12,733,418

12,733,418

13,045,918

13,120,918

13,063,418

13,324,906

12,805,918

12 Salud 7,714,776,217

300,377,498

395,812,523

589,327,452

756,174,983

699,940,307

588,923,014

860,540,756

893,040,477

544,753,095

676,190,723

570,471,601

839,223,787

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios Estatales de Salud 550,293,530

45,856,369

39,827,415

10,057,794

55,004,100

45,859,220

45,857,794

45,857,794

45,857,789

4,057,794

45,857,794

0

166,199,667

  Política de prevención y control de enfermedades 171,591,703

2,341,099

10,911,400

64,492,765

12,498,546

11,734,095

22,165,610

15,141,164

5,923,855

7,781,102

8,153,513

5,454,996

4,993,558

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 56,523,628

162,678

15,214,366

16,347,417

1,697,347

2,566,466

3,002,690

2,963,385

5,779,965

911,076

6,180,206

759,442

938,592

  Programa de Atención a Personas con Discapacidad 532,864

0

0

0

0

0

0

532,864

0

0

0

0

0

  Rectoría del Sistema Nacional de Salud 15,480,941

726,646

814,745

1,218,408

1,419,424

1,306,046

1,004,723

1,351,963

888,474

1,696,674

1,363,910

1,664,593

2,025,335

  Servicios de atención a la salud 6,479,471,990

243,592,441

319,940,393

475,771,792

550,018,909

570,926,100

501,782,757

724,732,755

815,832,977

508,484,332

590,776,532

536,797,718

640,815,285

  Servicios de atención a la salud mental y prevención de las adicciones 18,344,034

783,600

858,085

1,286,175

2,930,997

1,414,701

879,738

1,742,105

956,025

1,354,726

1,639,476

1,982,262

2,516,143

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 422,537,527

6,914,665

8,246,119

20,153,101

132,605,660

66,133,680

14,229,702

68,218,726

17,801,393

20,467,391

22,219,293

23,812,590

21,735,208

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 4,652,420,953

32,517,663

34,105,575

504,333,889

481,816,154

558,534,120

882,975,321

478,116,334

392,742,485

510,348,977

313,885,278

440,565,954

22,479,205

  Articulación de la política nacional de vivienda 15,935,531

416,814

607,356

1,527,166

1,806,699

1,526,852

1,491,915

1,926,045

1,409,134

1,410,012

1,618,233

1,398,463

796,842

  Política de ordenamiento agrario, territorial y urbano 84,658,542

6,001,588

6,195,005

7,580,782

6,450,264

6,781,415

6,106,575

6,683,252

5,858,262

6,990,101

6,399,640

11,956,106

7,655,550

  Programa de modernización de los registros públicos de la propiedad y catastros 18,353,680

0

0

0

17,154,245

134,430

221,263

136,352

136,352

162,302

136,352

136,352

136,032

  Programa de Vivienda Social 4,236,690,607

0

0

461,888,576

426,592,105

515,770,879

845,623,343

442,309,414

362,910,868

478,971,174

287,906,698

410,898,418

3,819,132

  Programa para Regularizar asentamientos Humanos 16,867,131

190,073

658,409

1,428,187

1,784,469

1,781,868

2,122,547

2,052,331

2,070,535

1,659,640

1,461,995

1,004,289

652,788

  Regulación y registro de actos jurídicos agrarios 23,823,578

2,564,479

2,656,442

1,854,583

1,795,925

1,857,309

1,795,846

2,147,845

1,878,734

1,808,731

1,796,909

2,248,358

1,418,416

  Servicios de ordenamiento y procuración de justicia agraria 256,091,884

23,344,709

23,988,362

30,054,595

26,232,445

30,681,366

25,613,832

22,861,096

18,478,600

19,347,015

14,565,452

12,923,968

8,000,443

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 13,498,900,217

139,260,400

1,726,776,353

977,079,749

1,259,351,129

2,286,569,980

1,014,924,127

1,532,225,696

1,657,127,317

755,710,634

1,486,450,041

587,345,148

76,079,642

  Agua Potable, Drenaje y Tratamiento 1,763,140,208

0

0

0

0

1,028,300,183

207,000,383

167,160,510

204,182,144

82,384,222

74,112,766

0

0

  Articulación de la Política Ambiental y de Recursos Naturales 281,095

2,000

137,985

0

141,111

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Articulación de Políticas Hídricas 11,082,085

0

0

0

5,077,324

3,903,629

2,101,132

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Conservación y Manejo de Áreas Naturales Protegidas 51,592,236

1,048,957

11,493,656

13,595,100

5,016,065

3,501,305

3,065,089

5,553,690

3,717,680

3,101,117

688,575

370,000

441,000

  Desarrollo Forestal Sustentable para el Bienestar 439,280,043

0

0

2,526,521

17,252,527

190,210,920

131,558,448

50,530,415

35,793,812

1,082,795

10,324,605

0

0

  Gestión integral y sustentable del agua 1,459,565,814

0

533,836,304

309,577,147

210,000,000

99,218,231

0

0

268,673,792

0

38,260,341

0

0

  Infraestructura en materia de agua potable, alcantarillado y saneamiento 6,332,385,238

0

994,647,705

466,619,262

667,886,229

621,562,376

273,295,410

829,505,490

694,857,786

291,619,262

1,032,800,900

429,943,114

29,647,705

  Inspección, vigilancia y regulación del medio ambiente y recursos naturales 506,374,361

35,360,958

58,147,574

53,585,148

62,899,830

48,685,251

48,200,688

50,790,455

44,056,587

43,978,805

43,213,856

9,040,400

8,414,813

  Programa de Apoyo a la Infraestructura Hidroagrícola 1,256,413,647

0

0

0

125,658,416

125,658,416

188,466,253

251,268,338

251,268,338

188,466,253

125,627,634

0

0

  Programa de Conservación para el Desarrollo Sostenible 50,276,108

0

4,803,208

5,403,609

6,004,010

7,505,012

8,405,614

7,505,012

5,703,809

4,945,835

0

0

0

  Programa para la Protección y Restauración de Ecosistemas y Especies Prioritarias 64,115,373

0

5,100,000

5,550,000

6,000,000

7,500,000

10,500,000

10,500,000

7,500,000

7,200,000

4,265,372

0

0

  Protección Forestal 712,946,807

30,318,268

33,573,011

43,320,864

64,982,333

59,154,786

52,391,591

67,803,906

54,083,234

55,051,930

77,301,049

142,852,469

32,113,365

  Regulación, gestión y supervisión socioambiental 81,714,063

1,313,230

13,819,923

5,685,111

5,346,799

8,283,385

6,853,033

8,521,394

5,987,884

6,663,427

8,637,955

5,139,165

5,462,759

  Servicios de operación y suministro hídrico 769,733,139

71,216,988

71,216,988

71,216,988

83,086,486

83,086,486

83,086,486

83,086,486

81,302,252

71,216,988

71,216,988

0

0

18 Energía 181,453,540

6,079,345

7,419,655

11,692,348

11,791,062

22,288,229

21,689,562

18,928,101

17,149,080

16,845,013

15,594,263

15,003,540

16,973,342

  Articulación de la política energética 181,453,540

6,079,345

7,419,655

11,692,348

11,791,062

22,288,229

21,689,562

18,928,101

17,149,080

16,845,013

15,594,263

15,003,540

16,973,342

20 Bienestar 74,596,369,150

10,390,819,130

3,790,448,258

8,214,026,843

3,829,954,061

8,684,289,806

3,410,597,279

9,398,982,636

3,398,294,903

9,461,219,970

4,127,000,883

7,874,126,647

2,016,608,733

  Articulación de la Política de Bienestar 6,884,727

56,615

693,024

690,439

694,231

690,938

649,416

570,879

563,867

569,299

555,812

572,214

577,991

  Pensión Mujeres Bienestar 879,000,000

153,002,705

46,271,558

113,494,170

46,307,283

116,163,909

35,931,705

130,259,342

36,722,917

133,187,982

49,457,627

17,186,413

1,014,389

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas Adultas Mayores 45,055,152,206

7,261,269,642

1,533,897,889

5,577,422,586

1,565,855,863

5,958,911,162

1,120,449,232

6,717,450,003

1,144,366,589

6,806,350,409

1,861,198,130

5,457,538,732

50,441,969

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas con Discapacidad Permanente 1,697,140,497

341,316,027

74,765,976

184,200,280

86,155,867

270,304,429

74,765,975

195,590,171

74,765,976

184,200,280

86,155,866

109,775,382

15,144,268

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 3,312,000,000

541,877,960

172,360,554

379,639,106

172,360,554

379,639,106

220,220,688

379,639,106

172,360,554

379,639,106

172,360,554

331,781,012

10,121,700

  Salud Casa por Casa 186,191,720

18,200,241

25,958,229

22,079,235

22,079,235

22,079,235

22,079,235

22,079,235

16,121,100

3,878,994

3,878,994

3,878,994

3,878,994

  Sembrando Vida 23,460,000,000

2,075,095,940

1,936,501,027

1,936,501,027

1,936,501,027

1,936,501,027

1,936,501,027

1,953,393,900

1,953,393,900

1,953,393,900

1,953,393,900

1,953,393,900

1,935,429,422

21 Turismo 1,971,043

131,998

151,409

177,410

159,333

181,561

160,384

182,303

168,722

179,730

156,663

240,066

81,465

  Fomento y promoción de destinos turísticos 1,971,043

131,998

151,409

177,410

159,333

181,561

160,384

182,303

168,722

179,730

156,663

240,066

81,465

27 Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno 373,829

33,190

31,279

31,678

31,115

30,004

29,290

30,971

28,106

29,689

29,233

33,312

35,962

  Política anticorrupción 373,829

33,190

31,279

31,678

31,115

30,004

29,290

30,971

28,106

29,689

29,233

33,312

35,962

33 Aportaciones Federales para Entidades Federativas y Municipios 13,000,000,000

1,360,953,483

1,349,529,272

1,349,529,272

1,349,529,272

1,349,529,272

1,349,467,929

1,349,256,417

1,934,848,844

1,505,088,487

102,267,750

0

0

  FAIS Entidades 1,575,788,725

163,822,320

163,822,320

163,822,320

163,822,320

163,822,320

163,760,977

163,549,465

163,549,465

163,549,465

102,267,750

0

0

  FAIS Municipal y de las Demarcaciones Territoriales del Distrito Federal 11,424,211,275

1,197,131,163

1,185,706,952

1,185,706,952

1,185,706,952

1,185,706,952

1,185,706,952

1,185,706,952

1,771,299,379

1,341,539,022

0

0

0

35 Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos 16,221,521

951,974

1,148,252

1,095,577

1,198,897

2,340,764

1,163,816

1,064,421

1,287,323

1,078,360

1,518,001

1,354,512

2,019,624

  Protección y defensa de los Derechos Humanos de las personas indígenas y afrodescendientes privadas de la libertad. 16,221,521

951,974

1,148,252

1,095,577

1,198,897

2,340,764

1,163,816

1,064,421

1,287,323

1,078,360

1,518,001

1,354,512

2,019,624

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 13,208,345

0

0

0

0

2,911,000

0

0

0

0

10,297,345

0

0

  Becas de posgrado y apoyos a la calidad 13,208,345

0

0

0

0

2,911,000

0

0

0

0

10,297,345

0

0

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 4,859,624,155

237,904,783

266,634,785

380,848,611

364,561,045

538,099,423

444,822,235

565,105,274

491,751,448

450,529,705

525,192,275

341,047,728

253,126,843

  Planeación y Articulación de la Acción Pública hacia los Pueblos Indígenas 1,107,973,031

77,008,593

90,582,001

118,018,165

88,042,292

95,237,230

110,938,797

121,962,729

108,140,567

97,124,040

73,238,073

48,151,058

79,529,486

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 1,703,984,370

21,691,323

68,775,659

138,098,412

135,557,896

148,168,147

180,492,869

219,214,412

228,514,227

214,317,877

202,447,065

93,661,042

53,045,441

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 2,047,666,754

139,204,867

107,277,125

124,732,034

140,960,857

294,694,046

153,390,569

223,928,133

155,096,654

139,087,788

249,507,137

199,235,628

120,551,916

48 Cultura 1,067,416,694

57,595,987

55,821,853

78,223,525

93,906,438

86,509,598

88,712,679

95,805,674

92,108,871

106,622,430

92,062,947

102,024,512

118,022,181

  Estímulos a la creación artística, reconocimientos a las trayectorias y apoyo al desarrollo de proyectos culturales 130,646,696

6,273,256

5,632,884

5,517,695

13,056,028

6,052,947

7,733,040

7,189,726

9,044,192

9,968,836

15,460,500

12,992,826

31,724,765

  Política de educación y cultura indígena 1,661,707

85,553

123,058

132,280

124,229

175,519

106,498

205,383

102,182

119,474

223,428

149,495

114,608

  Programa Nacional de Becas Artísticas y Culturales 2,904,151

0

0

0

705,788

282,607

244,542

0

0

357,026

489,084

825,105

0

  Programas de apoyos a la cultura 31,104,830

0

0

0

0

464,085

9,260,872

9,470,763

7,173,550

0

4,735,560

0

0

  Programas del fondo nacional de fomento a las artesanías (FONART) 40,252,968

126,524

1,207,930

3,780,232

3,580,533

4,654,909

4,388,685

4,274,705

6,218,081

2,770,921

4,911,850

2,778,148

1,560,451

  Servicios de desarrollo cultural 844,805,247

50,036,405

47,490,157

67,175,921

74,871,176

73,342,041

65,590,483

73,177,850

67,632,688

92,105,324

64,701,445

84,441,395

84,240,361

  Servicios de producción y transmisión de materiales educativos, culturales y artísticos 14,311,982

1,065,523

1,286,859

1,602,067

1,503,038

1,400,746

1,337,317

1,396,584

1,862,637

1,242,027

624,531

646,666

343,987

  Servicios de protección de los derechos tutelados por la Ley Federal del Derecho de Autor 1,729,113

8,726

80,966

15,330

65,645

136,743

51,242

90,662

75,542

58,822

916,549

190,878

38,009

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 8,695,807,770

969,308,794

745,285,414

624,137,395

966,030,023

785,279,711

868,520,936

674,177,138

707,253,881

620,398,498

716,655,385

518,755,186

500,005,410

  Servicios de atención a la salud 7,946,458,762

893,932,595

681,516,892

569,914,558

899,873,382

734,342,326

806,090,341

608,579,985

652,619,420

563,696,801

634,785,054

462,110,775

438,996,632

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 749,349,008

75,376,199

63,768,522

54,222,837

66,156,641

50,937,385

62,430,594

65,597,153

54,634,461

56,701,697

81,870,330

56,644,410

61,008,779

54 Mujeres 52,680,521

47,694

50,092

4,909,539

41,147,730

1,414,209

314,780

3,268,935

237,018

255,705

531,001

253,543

250,274

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 4,721,218

3,553

6,182

13,502

198,493

27,907

234,381

3,146,296

166,754

173,577

417,282

168,060

165,230

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 37,677,917

0

0

0

37,677,917

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 10,281,386

44,142

43,910

4,896,037

3,271,320

1,386,302

80,398

122,639

70,264

82,128

113,719

85,483

85,044

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 8,526,333,441

73,399,504

73,399,504

73,399,504

458,746,903

458,746,903

458,746,903

1,339,623,399

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,222,064,897

  Atención a la salud y medicamentos gratuitos para la población sin seguridad social laboral 8,278,761,523

73,399,504

73,399,504

73,399,504

458,746,903

458,746,903

458,746,903

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,092,051,481

1,222,064,897

  Fortalecimiento a la atención médica 247,571,918

0

0

0

0

0

0

247,571,918

0

0

0

0

0

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.                 Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                         Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 11 Programa Especial Concurrente para el Desarrollo Rural Sustentable (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 526,363,201,716

66,402,264,066

33,627,780,205

53,099,281,613

48,043,624,961

62,284,882,716

34,799,895,052

47,863,758,541

32,531,125,519

55,205,140,020

29,704,351,647

47,763,968,895

15,037,128,481

                              5 Relaciones Exteriores 69,914,476

7,074,305

4,735,626

5,544,219

4,950,487

5,527,874

5,302,620

6,439,538

4,601,897

5,676,866

4,661,102

11,604,895

3,795,047

  Articulación de la política de Cooperación internacional para el desarrollo 69,914,476

7,074,305

4,735,626

5,544,219

4,950,487

5,527,874

5,302,620

6,439,538

4,601,897

5,676,866

4,661,102

11,604,895

3,795,047

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 129,244,988

5,076,269

0

28,452,546

31,874,126

17,182,614

17,008,584

18,459,084

11,191,764

0

0

0

0

  Inclusión financiera para el bienestar 129,244,988

5,076,269

0

28,452,546

31,874,126

17,182,614

17,008,584

18,459,084

11,191,764

0

0

0

0

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 72,064,461,819

14,357,085,530

4,032,526,257

5,912,870,962

17,884,114,539

6,800,456,090

6,173,947,670

4,269,179,707

3,784,069,915

3,528,120,806

1,695,593,762

2,168,971,726

1,457,524,856

  Acopio para el Bienestar 13,000,000,000

2,017,365,696

1,491,257,462

1,323,173,168

1,376,769,643

1,653,010,363

1,392,271,603

1,351,829,662

1,102,360,371

591,962,032

250,000,000

250,000,000

200,000,000

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 34,734,303

3,067,438

3,188,897

2,968,220

3,043,925

3,164,640

2,726,201

2,936,453

2,773,090

2,758,107

2,663,455

2,611,564

2,832,313

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 2,172,647,017

155,486,254

199,696,160

191,369,028

177,546,592

187,448,560

183,410,836

195,976,634

165,152,533

165,447,327

157,717,207

167,495,286

225,900,600

  Adquisición, industrialización y comercialización de productos agroalimentarios 3,072,004,443

301,346,393

287,321,998

328,739,050

326,828,938

340,961,920

323,024,331

318,584,026

306,426,812

287,260,817

251,510,158

0

0

  Aplicación de la Política Agropecuaria 4,576,591,780

286,191,777

426,724,541

454,697,484

406,252,264

412,793,509

389,133,775

435,947,365

337,734,752

327,228,604

286,372,849

372,778,275

440,736,585

  Desarrollo y aplicación de programas y proyectos educativos y de investigación en el sector agroalimentario 6,778,160,225

526,383,266

528,268,125

522,815,253

601,429,422

668,522,341

632,690,398

654,900,700

613,390,734

575,479,515

595,282,024

441,252,102

417,746,345

  Fertilizantes para el Bienestar 18,200,000,000

8,351,546,216

99,488,013

2,164,826,593

2,196,866,225

2,346,545,598

2,226,189,868

145,550,181

136,700,522

132,215,375

132,129,929

132,151,281

135,790,199

  Infraestructura para el desarrollo rural sustentable 641,000,000

0

320,500,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

320,500,000

0

0

0

  Pesca y Acuacultura Sustentables 1,898,601,519

1,683,842,793

0

59,592,030

0

8,000,000

7,000,000

8,157,207

7,000,000

125,009,489

0

0

0

  Producción para el Bienestar 17,472,000,000

0

3,000,000

69,000,000

12,298,784,640

969,623,530

813,361,887

837,904,287

813,361,887

813,361,887

18,562,527

801,341,760

33,697,595

  Producción y comercialización de Biológicos Veterinarios 15,165,384

642,183

1,158,079

1,376,853

1,498,394

1,353,253

1,382,753

1,499,574

1,353,253

1,382,753

1,355,613

1,341,458

821,219

  Programa de Abasto Rural 2,664,081,596

594,667,214

255,693,161

318,084,533

284,623,815

209,032,376

202,756,018

315,893,618

297,815,961

185,514,900

0

0

0

  Programa de Abasto Social y Precios de Garantía a cargo de Leche para el Bienestar, S.A. de C.V. 1,539,475,552

436,546,300

416,229,821

476,228,750

210,470,681

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 1,560,469,505

0

0

78,000,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

169,969,505

0

  Caminos artesanales 1,560,469,505

0

0

78,000,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

187,500,000

169,969,505

0

10 Economía 9,212,603

549,093

563,379

495,527

481,474

524,375

1,022,687

1,245,810

546,572

1,005,950

1,106,228

1,323,391

348,117

  Negociación, administración y defensa de Tratados y Acuerdos Internacionales de comercio e Inversión 2,463,395

217,317

265,629

171,855

173,680

181,214

160,851

250,990

164,065

283,422

214,608

320,685

59,079

  Promoción del comercio exterior y atracción de inversión extranjera directa 6,749,208

331,776

297,750

323,672

307,794

343,160

861,836

994,820

382,508

722,528

891,619

1,002,706

289,038

11 Educación Pública 69,103,163,692

7,815,671,550

1,222,470,907

8,173,906,283

1,400,923,870

15,350,708,997

1,655,014,394

1,904,858,013

1,211,751,588

11,025,042,401

1,519,197,370

15,785,032,275

2,038,586,045

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 38,815,800,000

4,182,659,552

54,825,268

4,245,355,837

49,939,134

11,033,221,896

49,539,705

184,443,987

49,939,134

7,589,613,105

50,139,705

11,072,909,424

253,213,253

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 10,639,750,000

2,026,834,003

0

2,057,236,513

0

2,088,102,006

0

30,865,493

0

1,749,544,571

500,000

2,454,321,073

232,346,341

Expansión de la Educación Inicial 90,141,259

0

7,606,617

73,749,673

1,178,352

7,606,617

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Expansión de la Educación Media Superior y Superior 85,847,784

0

0

0

0

30,000,000

25,847,784

30,000,000

0

0

0

0

0

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 137,095,956

9,828,869

9,100,069

10,065,781

12,738,558

13,589,465

9,213,693

9,220,430

10,498,579

8,871,305

14,616,590

20,505,113

8,847,504

  Jóvenes Escribiendo el Futuro 3,162,500,000

555,931,753

0

582,180,226

12,441,786

611,439,792

9,113,586

41,080,676

9,113,586

506,526,207

9,113,586

773,170,076

52,388,726

  Programa de Becas Elisa Acuña 307,727

0

0

307,727

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 3,220,541,970

235,368,596

281,572,420

407,886,974

276,937,153

317,459,484

503,060,695

236,633,583

234,378,344

316,525,423

252,619,234

141,725,432

16,374,633

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 11,260,807,170

674,920,163

753,525,917

672,413,781

908,394,649

1,056,008,830

930,519,530

1,252,676,035

763,555,887

732,413,781

1,054,913,570

1,107,659,250

1,353,805,777

  Servicios de educación para Adultos (INEA) 81,249,134

5,886,081

5,567,258

9,648,684

8,578,706

9,486,658

6,807,026

5,773,215

5,814,771

5,436,467

7,200,120

7,291,109

3,759,038

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 1,105,269,981

87,661,683

71,950,869

78,560,474

91,191,281

130,962,293

82,554,785

71,554,972

99,468,668

78,325,908

84,777,077

160,650,908

67,611,063

  Servicios de normalización y certificación en competencias laborales 194,852,711

11,149,016

12,890,653

11,033,777

14,092,415

27,250,121

12,890,755

17,142,787

12,890,784

11,543,799

19,190,653

20,150,078

24,627,875

  Universidades para el Bienestar Benito Juárez García 309,000,000

25,431,835

25,431,835

25,466,835

25,431,835

25,581,835

25,466,835

25,466,835

26,091,835

26,241,835

26,126,835

26,649,811

25,611,835

12 Salud 10,092,436,194

369,628,680

524,678,329

767,572,132

896,509,755

896,878,818

768,219,739

1,129,703,642

1,248,371,849

776,193,070

914,285,488

819,918,978

980,475,714

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 149,533,361

430,365

40,249,644

43,247,134

4,490,335

6,789,591

7,943,623

7,839,635

15,290,910

2,410,252

16,349,741

2,009,103

2,483,027

  Rectoría del Sistema Nacional de Salud 7,506,034

352,325

395,043

590,774

688,236

633,249

487,154

655,520

430,791

822,647

661,318

807,102

981,874

  Servicios de atención a la salud 9,724,128,176

365,388,658

479,910,589

713,657,683

825,028,359

856,389,141

752,674,117

1,087,099,126

1,223,749,454

762,726,479

886,164,787

805,196,559

966,143,224

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 211,268,623

3,457,332

4,123,052

10,076,541

66,302,826

33,066,837

7,114,845

34,109,361

8,900,694

10,233,691

11,109,643

11,906,213

10,867,589

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 368,855,001

34,394,419

34,950,463

29,841,498

53,773,048

30,335,390

27,540,034

31,428,989

27,478,847

27,288,962

24,779,593

28,928,879

18,114,877

  Política de ordenamiento agrario, territorial y urbano 9,862,530

706,567

696,436

1,066,734

797,913

764,109

645,364

733,033

636,404

708,054

656,857

1,430,548

1,020,511

  Programa de modernización de los registros públicos de la propiedad y catastros 27,530,519

0

0

0

25,731,367

201,645

331,894

204,528

204,528

243,453

204,528

204,528

204,048

  Regulación y registro de actos jurídicos agrarios 226,323,994

24,362,549

25,236,202

17,618,536

17,061,291

17,644,438

17,060,538

20,404,525

17,847,974

17,182,949

17,070,632

21,359,403

13,474,955

  Servicios de ordenamiento y procuración de justicia agraria 105,137,958

9,325,303

9,017,825

11,156,228

10,182,477

11,725,199

9,502,238

10,086,903

8,789,941

9,154,506

6,847,575

5,934,401

3,415,362

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 14,280,014,530

217,795,784

2,148,059,756

1,546,918,587

1,556,872,278

1,799,491,799

917,942,789

1,329,414,468

1,734,915,180

651,865,829

1,410,905,521

870,162,070

95,670,470

  Agua Potable, Drenaje y Tratamiento 1,015,893,846

0

0

0

0

579,972,586

132,565,298

92,480,498

128,585,259

43,178,226

39,111,978

0

0

  Articulación de Políticas Hídricas 16,623,126

0

0

0

7,615,985

5,855,443

3,151,698

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Desarrollo Forestal Sustentable para el Bienestar 422,257,572

0

0

2,428,616

16,583,978

182,840,087

126,460,448

48,572,319

34,406,772

1,040,835

9,924,518

0

0

  Gestión integral y sustentable del agua 2,189,348,720

0

706,396,112

462,926,588

229,196,112

118,414,343

19,196,112

19,196,112

581,126,588

8,896,752

44,000,000

0

0

  Infraestructura en materia de agua potable, alcantarillado y saneamiento 5,376,553,503

0

786,530,673

418,827,675

594,784,594

516,420,885

235,062,140

722,176,891

587,655,350

243,827,675

873,674,409

372,593,210

25,000,000

  Infraestructura en materia hidroagrícola, tecnificación y protección ante inundaciones 1,525,601,330

0

384,821,213

389,952,361

331,460,582

26,418,441

431,482

0

0

0

112,011,845

280,505,406

0

  Inspección, vigilancia y regulación del medio ambiente y recursos naturales 347,265,403

19,450,060

42,236,676

37,674,250

46,988,932

32,774,353

32,289,790

34,879,557

28,145,689

28,067,907

27,302,977

9,040,400

8,414,813

  Investigación científica y tecnológica 79,906,272

6,586,804

6,590,621

7,452,438

6,590,506

7,515,669

6,624,159

8,938,253

6,655,766

7,511,965

6,206,718

8,001,129

1,232,243

  Programa de Apoyo a la Infraestructura Hidroagrícola 579,883,221

0

0

0

57,983,819

57,983,819

86,980,729

115,967,639

115,967,639

86,980,729

58,018,846

0

0

  Programa de Conservación para el Desarrollo Sostenible 75,414,160

0

7,204,811

8,105,413

9,006,014

11,257,518

12,608,420

11,257,518

8,555,714

7,418,752

0

0

0

  Programa para la Protección y Restauración de Ecosistemas y Especies Prioritarias 96,173,058

0

7,650,000

8,325,000

9,000,000

11,250,000

15,750,000

15,750,000

11,250,000

10,800,000

6,398,058

0

0

  Protección Forestal 1,277,923,519

78,955,462

81,785,985

94,283,146

113,117,477

112,100,471

111,869,345

123,700,369

101,632,479

97,544,061

116,046,898

192,306,488

54,581,338

  Regulación, gestión y supervisión socioambiental 122,571,093

5,977,976

18,018,182

10,117,617

9,914,549

12,058,454

10,323,437

11,865,582

8,980,546

9,773,445

11,383,792

7,715,436

6,442,076

  Servicios de operación y suministro hídrico 1,154,599,707

106,825,482

106,825,482

106,825,482

124,629,729

124,629,729

124,629,729

124,629,729

121,953,377

106,825,482

106,825,482

0

0

18 Energía 327,476,521

12,864,241

16,138,939

22,947,470

23,543,174

39,642,154

37,894,520

32,052,935

28,393,739

27,949,376

30,352,941

26,634,222

29,062,812

  Articulación de la política energética 272,180,310

9,119,018

11,129,483

17,538,522

17,686,593

33,432,344

32,534,343

28,392,151

25,723,620

25,267,519

23,391,395

22,505,309

25,460,014

  Articulación de la política nuclear y eléctrica 55,296,211

3,745,223

5,009,456

5,408,948

5,856,581

6,209,810

5,360,177

3,660,784

2,670,118

2,681,856

6,961,547

4,128,912

3,602,798

20 Bienestar 194,104,285,761

28,736,261,003

10,684,973,229

21,583,814,087

10,752,559,497

21,801,225,420

9,133,613,250

23,799,217,260

9,159,684,483

23,977,835,085

10,977,699,778

19,963,722,429

3,533,680,238

  Pensión Mujeres Bienestar 4,500,000,000

783,290,296

236,885,111

581,028,177

237,068,001

594,695,781

183,950,706

666,856,701

188,001,282

681,849,738

253,196,041

87,985,045

5,193,121

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas Adultas Mayores 145,028,285,761

23,755,609,784

6,835,475,783

17,195,395,024

6,915,379,162

17,399,138,753

5,301,690,075

19,295,688,693

5,361,489,887

19,517,963,482

7,153,760,423

16,145,573,612

151,121,084

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 3,312,000,000

541,877,960

172,360,554

379,639,106

172,360,554

379,639,106

220,220,688

379,639,106

172,360,554

379,639,106

172,360,554

331,781,012

10,121,700

  Salud Casa por Casa 600,000,000

58,650,000

83,650,000

71,150,000

71,150,000

71,150,000

71,150,000

71,150,000

51,950,000

12,500,000

12,500,000

12,500,000

12,500,000

  Sembrando Vida 40,664,000,000

3,596,832,963

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,354,744,332

21 Turismo 5,786,391

438,683

451,671

513,019

470,512

504,332

462,546

562,410

641,927

484,705

450,709

662,302

143,575

  Fomento y promoción de destinos turísticos 2,675,258

211,927

212,420

228,296

222,061

230,413

214,808

233,093

364,703

218,971

205,841

271,046

61,680

  Regulación y certificación de estándares de calidad turística 3,111,133

226,756

239,252

284,723

248,451

273,919

247,738

329,317

277,225

265,734

244,868

391,256

81,895

31 Tribunales Agrarios 11,795

0

0

0

11,795

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Resolución de asuntos relativos a conflictos y controversias por uso y usufructo de la tierra 11,795

0

0

0

11,795

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

33 Aportaciones Federales para Entidades Federativas y Municipios 95,139,696,685

9,072,538,861

9,072,538,861

9,072,538,861

9,072,538,861

9,072,538,861

9,072,538,864

9,056,682,246

9,056,682,246

9,056,682,246

9,056,682,238

2,238,867,273

2,238,867,266

  FAIS Municipal y de las Demarcaciones Territoriales del Distrito Federal 68,246,396,117

6,829,189,372

6,829,189,372

6,829,189,372

6,829,189,372

6,829,189,372

6,829,189,372

6,817,814,973

6,817,814,973

6,817,814,973

6,817,814,965

0

0

  FAM Asistencia Social 11,159,294,739

930,871,170

930,871,170

930,871,170

930,871,170

930,871,170

930,871,172

929,011,288

929,011,288

929,011,288

929,011,288

929,011,288

929,011,281

  FORTAMUN 15,734,005,828

1,312,478,320

1,312,478,320

1,312,478,320

1,312,478,320

1,312,478,320

1,312,478,320

1,309,855,985

1,309,855,985

1,309,855,985

1,309,855,985

1,309,855,985

1,309,855,985

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 4,124,023,833

221,796,908

237,534,250

324,614,876

301,776,783

469,208,638

347,033,180

494,498,989

424,509,438

385,623,767

457,714,490

260,383,093

199,329,421

  Planeación y Articulación de la Acción Pública hacia los Pueblos Indígenas 1,107,973,031

77,008,593

90,582,001

118,018,165

88,042,292

95,237,230

110,938,797

121,962,729

108,140,567

97,124,040

73,238,073

48,151,058

79,529,486

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 1,703,984,370

21,691,323

68,775,659

138,098,412

135,557,896

148,168,147

180,492,869

219,214,412

228,514,227

214,317,877

202,447,065

93,661,042

53,045,441

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 1,312,066,432

123,096,992

78,176,590

68,498,299

78,176,595

225,803,261

55,601,514

153,321,848

87,854,644

74,181,850

182,029,352

118,570,993

66,754,494

54 Mujeres 234,059,053

58,133

101,162

220,939

160,050,833

456,656

3,835,332

51,484,846

2,728,698

2,840,351

6,828,258

2,750,080

2,703,766

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 77,256,288

58,133

101,162

220,939

3,248,069

456,656

3,835,332

51,484,846

2,728,698

2,840,351

6,828,258

2,750,080

2,703,766

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 156,802,764

0

0

0

156,802,764

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 64,750,088,870

5,551,030,606

5,648,057,376

5,551,030,606

5,715,673,928

5,812,700,698

6,451,018,843

5,551,030,606

5,648,057,376

5,551,030,606

3,416,594,169

5,415,037,779

4,438,826,277

  Servicios de atención a la salud 64,750,088,870

5,551,030,606

5,648,057,376

5,551,030,606

5,715,673,928

5,812,700,698

6,451,018,843

5,551,030,606

5,648,057,376

5,551,030,606

3,416,594,169

5,415,037,779

4,438,826,277

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.           Nota: El presupuesto reportado para el Anexo Transversal 11 Programa Especial Concurrente para el Desarrollo Rural Sustentable, incorpora las afectaciones derivadas de los ajustes aprobados por la Cámara de Diputados, descritas en los Anexos 32 y 33 del Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026.   Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                       Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 12 Programa de Humanidades, Ciencias, Tecnologías e Innovación (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 163,343,802,921

12,376,313,281

17,506,450,449

18,609,046,483

14,738,047,788

15,450,289,434

13,472,223,330

16,085,898,964

12,108,716,955

14,492,489,046

9,372,766,265

11,816,678,049

7,314,882,878

                              5 Relaciones Exteriores 5,300,000

540,159

408,752

454,186

420,824

453,262

407,667

471,549

368,295

428,697

371,622

761,763

213,224

  Articulación de la política de Cooperación internacional para el desarrollo 5,300,000

540,159

408,752

454,186

420,824

453,262

407,667

471,549

368,295

428,697

371,622

761,763

213,224

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 168,358,721

11,342,930

18,344,186

25,528,156

15,295,887

13,364,755

12,438,317

14,570,936

11,361,747

11,767,004

11,039,816

14,072,205

9,232,783

  Diseño y conducción de la política de gasto público 168,358,721

11,342,930

18,344,186

25,528,156

15,295,887

13,364,755

12,438,317

14,570,936

11,361,747

11,767,004

11,039,816

14,072,205

9,232,783

7 Defensa Nacional 93,522,819

0

0

0

0

0

18,704,558

18,704,558

18,704,558

18,704,558

18,704,587

0

0

  Investigación y desarrollo militar en coordinación con universidades públicas, instituciones públicas de educación superior y/o demás centros públicos de investigación superior 93,522,819

0

0

0

0

0

18,704,558

18,704,558

18,704,558

18,704,558

18,704,587

0

0

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 6,845,329,213

527,062,471

528,454,220

522,797,539

591,680,392

668,773,944

637,087,899

668,792,215

620,207,620

592,103,905

619,695,483

446,256,268

422,417,257

  Desarrollo y aplicación de programas y proyectos educativos y de investigación en el sector agroalimentario 6,845,329,213

527,062,471

528,454,220

522,797,539

591,680,392

668,773,944

637,087,899

668,792,215

620,207,620

592,103,905

619,695,483

446,256,268

422,417,257

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 204,509,088

14,930,269

12,015,617

12,021,500

12,154,991

12,013,177

12,226,909

13,564,498

11,854,104

11,791,952

11,791,283

69,921,240

10,223,548

  Investigación, estudios, proyectos y capacitación en materia de transporte 143,703,900

14,736,267

11,821,613

11,821,612

11,835,820

11,817,456

11,938,843

11,835,572

11,588,302

11,577,474

11,588,489

15,513,265

7,629,187

  Supervisión, regulación, inspección, verificación y servicios administrativos de construcción y conservación de carreteras 60,805,188

194,002

194,004

199,888

319,171

195,721

288,066

1,728,926

265,802

214,478

202,794

54,407,975

2,594,361

10 Economía 1,688,404,416

105,316,744

108,141,061

119,107,320

130,867,718

132,244,855

115,646,517

129,508,399

159,504,488

142,441,933

232,527,526

178,430,410

134,667,447

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 9,451,620

630,657

814,387

780,621

724,974

773,957

719,804

809,849

726,169

795,272

727,703

975,911

972,316

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 144,733,091

11,501,979

12,301,629

12,075,848

12,968,405

12,919,636

11,846,565

12,624,492

10,665,464

11,912,675

12,150,464

17,393,615

6,372,321

  Desarrollo tecnológico y prestación de servicios metrológicos para la competitividad 210,744,490

18,184,553

17,248,784

18,564,582

18,965,940

16,497,180

19,449,762

20,171,857

16,233,444

17,119,274

17,785,285

17,570,085

12,953,744

  Infraestructura en materia gubernamental 48,147,770

1,279,772

2,471,636

2,852,981

3,037,093

3,278,608

2,864,732

3,104,167

6,298,315

6,302,964

6,498,060

6,923,870

3,235,572

  Negociación, administración y defensa de Tratados y Acuerdos Internacionales de comercio e Inversión 649,460

0

0

0

649,460

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Promoción del comercio exterior y atracción de inversión extranjera directa 80,000

3,845

1,076

0

2,768

1,076

0

24,309

0

21,541

3,844

21,541

0

  Promoción, regulación e información geológica para el desarrollo de la actividad minera 990,498,924

53,124,666

46,630,297

59,382,875

69,317,733

76,908,776

55,022,147

70,948,242

103,905,713

85,891,980

174,544,081

107,687,714

87,134,700

  Servicios de protección y promoción de los derechos de propiedad industrial 274,005,123

19,996,203

27,983,272

24,786,793

24,481,529

21,118,449

25,005,062

21,109,462

19,883,302

19,498,636

20,082,590

27,014,744

23,045,081

  Supervisión, vigilancia y actualización del marco normativo y operativo para las unidades económicas. 2,875,232

170,174

185,398

186,255

194,933

199,140

192,414

172,297

218,782

194,495

200,837

348,156

612,351

  Vigilancia del cumplimiento de la normatividad y fortalecimiento de la certeza jurídica entre proveedores y consumidores 7,218,706

424,895

504,582

477,365

524,883

548,033

546,031

543,724

1,573,299

705,096

534,662

494,774

341,362

11 Educación Pública 106,495,062,048

7,858,960,505

12,672,771,434

12,611,683,807

8,849,706,115

9,845,351,248

8,125,702,093

10,461,977,854

6,853,755,113

10,678,935,918

5,281,730,307

8,346,581,130

4,907,906,524

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 20,083,868,591

2,415,751,521

1,498,806,146

1,872,244,548

1,561,930,517

1,467,940,421

1,716,145,331

1,636,313,810

1,320,070,736

1,808,810,450

1,397,351,352

1,610,658,143

1,777,845,615

  Programa de Becas Elisa Acuña 46,650,759

336,193

209,419

10,940,712

2,057,916

8,888,040

1,340,621

2,045,176

650,292

2,064,909

1,499,780

14,385,472

2,232,229

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 31,085,342,750

2,832,212,082

2,445,309,300

3,004,247,477

2,341,657,319

2,365,136,258

2,558,045,023

3,073,422,788

1,964,019,997

2,492,950,267

2,016,201,929

2,865,676,118

3,126,464,195

  Subsidios para organismos descentralizados estatales 55,279,199,948

2,610,660,711

8,728,446,569

7,724,251,070

4,944,060,363

6,003,386,529

3,850,171,119

5,750,196,080

3,569,014,088

6,375,110,293

1,866,677,246

3,855,861,397

1,364,484

12 Salud 8,989,283,078

556,870,046

615,701,306

664,505,567

816,519,556

761,199,356

626,224,557

777,628,402

618,658,467

695,041,628

831,535,005

845,946,757

1,179,452,431

  Investigación, desarrollo tecnológico y formación en salud 8,989,283,078

556,870,046

615,701,306

664,505,567

816,519,556

761,199,356

626,224,557

777,628,402

618,658,467

695,041,628

831,535,005

845,946,757

1,179,452,431

13 Marina 14,700,000

0

0

9,182,592

5,517,408

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Investigación y desarrollo tecnológico, producción y mantenimiento de equipos navales y sus accesorios 14,700,000

0

0

9,182,592

5,517,408

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 363,658,767

21,805,935

31,478,291

33,601,555

31,992,907

35,433,218

31,672,914

34,009,967

28,589,011

30,559,904

28,925,174

37,532,725

18,057,164

  Articulación de la Política Ambiental y de Recursos Naturales 527,448

6,524

520,924

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Investigación científica y tecnológica 177,569,493

12,734,985

12,282,853

15,292,748

12,799,517

16,982,118

11,955,530

17,452,569

12,315,399

15,192,754

12,275,978

26,212,880

12,072,162

  Investigación y capacitación en cambio climático, sustentabilidad y crecimiento Verde 158,841,565

7,441,061

17,004,072

16,280,806

16,821,318

16,008,242

17,418,369

13,914,553

14,183,764

13,320,480

14,219,450

7,352,844

4,876,606

  Protección Forestal 26,720,261

1,623,366

1,670,442

2,028,001

2,372,072

2,442,858

2,299,015

2,642,845

2,089,848

2,046,670

2,429,746

3,967,001

1,108,396

18 Energía 1,795,344,497

51,908,036

47,760,053

1,149,495,791

56,695,348

50,669,160

47,540,261

55,903,594

54,219,861

52,440,088

61,680,064

113,439,156

53,593,087

  Investigación y desarrollo en materia nuclear y eléctrica 1,795,344,497

51,908,036

47,760,053

1,149,495,791

56,695,348

50,669,160

47,540,261

55,903,594

54,219,861

52,440,088

61,680,064

113,439,156

53,593,087

21 Turismo 17,288,309

1,126,057

1,276,987

1,554,707

1,660,131

1,753,647

1,356,994

1,518,297

1,583,889

1,550,896

1,295,112

1,903,430

708,162

  Articulación de la política de turismo 17,288,309

1,126,057

1,276,987

1,554,707

1,660,131

1,753,647

1,356,994

1,518,297

1,583,889

1,550,896

1,295,112

1,903,430

708,162

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 35,309,683,937

2,969,273,089

3,385,203,206

3,373,639,652

4,139,108,920

3,840,550,186

3,731,272,851

3,789,359,130

3,637,140,932

2,168,321,062

2,183,949,057

1,662,754,492

429,111,360

  Becas de posgrado y apoyos a la calidad 14,879,522,046

1,276,842,773

1,258,014,557

1,244,385,046

1,550,377,904

1,312,270,452

1,340,823,168

1,364,241,362

1,409,439,098

1,496,462,532

1,573,466,397

1,053,198,757

0

  Diseño y evaluación de políticas en ciencia, tecnología e innovación 1,619,376,492

123,925,444

139,257,972

143,948,964

143,798,990

139,571,963

149,882,763

136,025,084

129,408,646

126,071,220

117,551,630

119,097,949

150,835,867

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 6,448,964,425

512,553,660

576,502,812

573,877,777

629,966,319

577,279,906

629,139,049

609,783,987

542,471,927

543,271,652

490,415,372

487,942,128

275,759,836

  Programas nacionales estratégicos de ciencia, tecnología y vinculación con el sector social, público y privado 3,191,805,925

0

234,634,826

234,634,826

638,172,668

634,634,826

434,634,832

502,515,658

502,515,658

2,515,658

2,515,658

2,515,658

2,515,657

  Sistema Nacional de Investigadoras e Investigadores 9,170,015,049

1,055,951,212

1,176,793,039

1,176,793,039

1,176,793,039

1,176,793,039

1,176,793,039

1,176,793,039

1,053,305,603

0

0

0

0

48 Cultura 11,640,615

628,476

708,635

790,790

827,769

1,034,300

817,545

1,149,376

822,786

920,426

824,983

2,377,511

738,017

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 11,640,615

628,476

708,635

790,790

827,769

1,034,300

817,545

1,149,376

822,786

920,426

824,983

2,377,511

738,017

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 889,121,494

221,980,351

48,801,894

49,443,878

50,133,013

49,405,668

69,993,488

80,917,529

54,133,439

50,020,688

54,356,949

53,952,586

105,982,011

  Investigación, desarrollo tecnológico y formación en salud 889,121,494

221,980,351

48,801,894

49,443,878

50,133,013

49,405,668

69,993,488

80,917,529

54,133,439

50,020,688

54,356,949

53,952,586

105,982,011

55 Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones 39,997,577

1,770,763

2,294,261

2,441,920

2,669,361

4,952,111

5,329,164

5,025,212

4,722,098

4,662,864

1,541,849

1,762,357

2,825,617

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 3,527,828

24,000

150,891

151,491

151,491

365,383

365,383

365,383

365,383

365,383

365,383

365,383

492,274

  Investigación, estudios y proyectos en materia espacial 36,469,749

1,746,763

2,143,370

2,290,429

2,517,870

4,586,728

4,963,781

4,659,829

4,356,715

4,297,481

1,176,466

1,396,974

2,333,343

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 412,598,342

32,797,449

33,090,547

32,797,523

32,797,449

33,090,547

35,801,595

32,797,449

33,090,547

32,797,523

32,797,449

40,986,018

39,754,246

  Investigación, desarrollo tecnológico y formación en salud 412,598,342

32,797,449

33,090,547

32,797,523

32,797,449

33,090,547

35,801,595

32,797,449

33,090,547

32,797,523

32,797,449

40,986,018

39,754,246

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.             Nota: El presupuesto reportado para el Anexo Transversal 12 Programa de Humanidades, Ciencias, Tecnologías e Innovación, incorpora las afectaciones derivadas de los ajustes aprobados por la Cámara de Diputados, descritas en el Anexo 32 del Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026.   Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                       Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 13 Erogaciones para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres                   (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 599,203,409,673

77,791,524,551

24,651,373,743

66,873,919,277

44,763,892,600

95,880,666,995

27,853,031,555

52,551,407,630

22,220,492,236

74,954,261,209

24,373,400,716

77,147,957,111

10,141,482,048

                              1 Poder Legislativo 6,000,000

0

0

1,164,035

1,505,925

0

0

0

500,000

1,210,545

300,000

1,319,495

0

  Actividades derivadas del trabajo legislativo 6,000,000

0

0

1,164,035

1,505,925

0

0

0

500,000

1,210,545

300,000

1,319,495

0

4 Gobernación 41,202,245

1,778,376

1,741,589

2,327,339

5,877,674

2,425,858

2,315,225

6,067,291

2,212,496

2,312,439

9,043,853

2,742,531

2,357,574

  Articulación de la política en materia de comunicación social del Gobierno de México 137,423

5,705

4,339

13,120

12,167

16,165

11,976

12,643

12,060

12,479

12,196

11,593

12,980

  Coordinación con las instancias que integran el Sistema Nacional de Protección Integral de Niñas, Niños y Adolescentes 37,626,064

1,532,867

1,544,382

2,091,712

5,594,655

1,993,467

2,091,712

5,579,679

2,008,216

2,091,712

8,612,141

2,559,300

1,926,221

  Planeación demográfica del país 3,104,324

223,011

171,124

193,188

240,733

391,319

182,574

450,213

167,290

180,978

393,444

148,366

362,084

  Política para promover la protección de los derechos humanos y prevenir la discriminación 334,433

16,792

21,744

29,318

30,120

24,908

28,963

24,756

24,931

27,270

26,072

23,271

56,288

5 Relaciones Exteriores 2,579,953

923,207

0

0

516,834

0

0

569,956

0

0

569,956

0

0

  Atención y servicios integrales de protección y asistencia consular 2,579,953

923,207

0

0

516,834

0

0

569,956

0

0

569,956

0

0

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 8,523,575

177,669

0

995,839

1,615,594

1,001,391

1,095,300

1,146,068

891,712

500,000

500,000

500,000

100,000

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 4,000,000

0

0

0

500,000

400,000

500,000

500,000

500,000

500,000

500,000

500,000

100,000

  Inclusión financiera para el bienestar 4,523,575

177,669

0

995,839

1,115,594

601,391

595,300

646,068

391,712

0

0

0

0

7 Defensa Nacional 845,498,070

81,239,233

79,439,686

78,915,514

82,927,718

78,770,212

101,526,720

99,883,099

98,083,556

52,010,253

39,182,209

32,540,954

20,978,916

  Programa de igualdad entre mujeres y hombres SDN 101,362,785

0

0

0

0

0

20,272,555

20,272,555

20,272,555

20,272,555

20,272,565

0

0

  Servicios Públicos de Transporte Masivo de Personas y Carga Tren Maya 744,135,285

81,239,233

79,439,686

78,915,514

82,927,718

78,770,212

81,254,165

79,610,544

77,811,001

31,737,698

18,909,644

32,540,954

20,978,916

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 17,630,802,183

3,907,075,223

951,633,623

1,603,179,721

5,167,218,741

1,615,005,453

1,488,930,826

900,797,502

814,000,711

626,343,300

108,658,876

347,723,495

100,234,712

  Acopio para el Bienestar 3,296,200,934

511,510,976

378,114,172

335,495,741

349,085,337

419,127,254

353,015,920

342,761,707

279,507,791

150,094,293

63,388,480

63,388,480

50,710,784

  Fertilizantes para el Bienestar 5,249,999,992

2,409,099,866

28,698,465

624,469,209

633,711,410

676,888,152

642,170,153

41,985,629

39,432,843

38,139,050

38,114,403

38,120,562

39,170,250

  Pesca y Acuacultura Sustentables 433,421,575

375,983,301

0

12,648,826

0

4,691,300

4,104,887

4,783,488

4,104,887

27,104,887

0

0

0

  Producción para el Bienestar 5,368,319,926

0

921,758

21,200,439

3,778,835,316

297,919,489

249,907,671

257,448,391

249,907,671

249,907,671

5,703,387

246,214,454

10,353,678

  Programa de Abasto Rural 1,625,740,883

362,892,339

156,035,320

194,109,306

173,690,090

127,560,837

123,730,725

192,772,312

181,740,523

113,209,429

0

0

0

  Programa de Abasto Social y Precios de Garantía a cargo de Leche para el Bienestar, S.A. de C.V. 873,118,874

247,588,741

236,066,180

270,094,780

119,369,173

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Sanidad e Inocuidad Agroalimentaria 784,000,000

0

151,797,727

145,161,421

112,527,414

88,818,421

116,001,470

61,045,975

59,306,996

47,887,969

1,452,607

0

0

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 1,755,316

138,994

138,994

138,994

138,994

138,994

156,980

139,398

139,258

139,257

139,255

211,305

134,893

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 1,755,316

138,994

138,994

138,994

138,994

138,994

156,980

139,398

139,258

139,257

139,255

211,305

134,893

10 Economía 100,000

0

0

0

27,114

8,117

0

27,114

0

0

37,655

0

0

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 100,000

0

0

0

27,114

8,117

0

27,114

0

0

37,655

0

0

11 Educación Pública 182,797,561,648

18,381,820,424

2,101,056,080

19,552,216,340

14,985,333,973

48,334,459,272

3,958,230,549

2,969,491,212

1,882,807,490

26,790,699,281

1,984,888,614

38,349,803,983

3,506,754,430

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 1,188,356,754

59,170,402

102,366,276

81,898,580

104,261,114

88,128,940

55,818,992

79,883,867

139,121,412

105,584,280

144,781,753

114,126,012

113,215,124

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 103,508,800,000

11,153,758,804

146,200,715

11,320,948,898

133,171,025

29,421,925,057

132,105,881

491,850,631

133,171,024

20,238,968,279

133,705,881

29,527,758,465

675,235,340

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 21,279,500,000

4,053,668,006

0

4,114,473,027

0

4,176,204,012

0

61,730,985

0

3,499,089,142

1,000,000

4,908,642,147

464,692,683

  Jóvenes Escribiendo el Futuro 6,325,000,000

1,111,863,506

0

1,164,360,453

24,883,572

1,222,879,585

18,227,172

82,161,353

18,227,172

1,013,052,414

18,227,172

1,546,340,152

104,777,453

  La Escuela es Nuestra 25,488,580,000

0

0

0

12,744,290,001

11,469,861,000

1,274,428,999

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa de Becas Elisa Acuña 820,171,723

5,219,557

3,248,304

223,400,798

41,122,199

122,388,281

25,436,832

41,442,520

13,334,113

42,340,589

30,752,715

238,682,216

32,803,600

  Programa Nacional de Inglés 765,875,431

0

15,317,510

382,784,541

112,583,688

0

255,189,693

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para el Desarrollo Profesional Docente 19,347,861

0

0

120,924

18,904,473

40,308

40,308

40,308

40,308

40,308

40,308

40,308

40,308

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 4,224,310,581

310,812,571

371,192,508

534,243,935

363,054,754

413,588,281

661,295,906

308,180,218

307,705,520

415,771,076

332,006,114

184,834,243

21,625,455

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 4,237,592,842

342,487,272

302,328,509

304,930,887

347,933,423

352,769,783

326,096,116

422,076,337

299,133,943

295,471,311

360,857,084

409,171,339

474,336,838

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 14,940,026,456

1,344,840,305

1,160,402,258

1,425,054,298

1,095,129,725

1,066,674,027

1,209,590,650

1,482,124,993

972,073,998

1,180,381,881

963,517,588

1,420,209,102

1,620,027,631

12 Salud 5,639,703,839

70,210,296

810,146,215

1,613,370,365

316,780,511

354,454,069

519,954,262

458,129,873

384,623,271

220,027,445

459,146,971

181,924,801

250,935,760

  Política de prevención y control de enfermedades 2,370,777,793

28,140,319

155,887,908

885,368,762

148,562,322

166,953,410

323,853,202

218,135,990

83,657,778

110,210,607

110,100,115

74,236,972

65,670,408

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 2,270,332,648

6,556,196

613,163,083

658,826,850

68,405,760

103,432,654

121,013,165

119,429,099

232,941,750

36,717,804

244,388,462

27,631,071

37,826,752

  Servicios de atención a la salud 866,408,538

34,338,564

39,848,987

67,275,819

76,366,690

82,056,022

73,838,026

105,345,834

66,456,700

71,105,935

75,550,943

77,157,334

97,067,685

  Servicios de atención a la salud mental y prevención de las adicciones 30,574,080

1,175,217

1,243,602

1,895,296

7,915,531

2,008,242

1,247,335

2,737,360

1,560,146

1,990,565

2,356,023

2,859,039

3,585,724

  Servicios de vacunación 101,610,780

0

2,635

3,638

15,530,208

3,742

2,534

12,481,590

6,896

2,534

26,751,427

40,385

46,785,191

13 Marina 6,860,000

0

136,800

136,800

153,934

159,700

2,697,213

3,505,056

70,497

0

0

0

0

  Programa para el fortalecimiento de derechos humanos e igualdad de género 6,860,000

0

136,800

136,800

153,934

159,700

2,697,213

3,505,056

70,497

0

0

0

0

14 Trabajo y Previsión Social 14,996,216,319

1,739,704,203

1,535,052,214

1,392,431,519

1,286,032,444

1,251,929,462

1,144,821,275

1,142,004,333

1,038,133,852

1,127,631,672

1,035,233,856

1,218,771,671

1,084,469,818

  Articulación de Políticas Integrales de Juventud 12,595,235

1,302,980

1,717,230

1,829,792

1,725,634

1,894,592

1,759,239

1,060,510

275,433

35,863

29,761

224,582

739,618

  Implementación de la política laboral 128,552

16,069

16,050

16,314

15,573

17,221

15,957

14,500

12,635

1,239

971

1,253

769

  Jóvenes Construyendo el Futuro 14,975,417,700

1,737,696,820

1,532,599,855

1,389,786,894

1,283,544,490

1,249,265,087

1,142,426,001

1,140,173,723

1,037,229,792

1,126,900,913

1,034,575,715

1,217,891,494

1,083,326,916

  Servicios de impartición y procuración de justicia laboral 8,074,832

688,333

719,079

798,519

746,746

752,563

620,077

755,600

615,991

693,657

627,410

654,343

402,515

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 19,968,000,000

0

0

2,176,932,878

2,010,576,639

2,430,886,244

3,985,518,056

2,084,654,082

1,710,439,794

2,257,445,090

1,356,936,694

1,936,610,522

18,000,001

  Programa de Vivienda Social 19,968,000,000

0

0

2,176,932,878

2,010,576,639

2,430,886,244

3,985,518,056

2,084,654,082

1,710,439,794

2,257,445,090

1,356,936,694

1,936,610,522

18,000,001

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 171,877,021

3,436

8,274,883

9,505,915

13,451,184

50,543,033

40,312,640

22,606,931

16,659,407

8,454,671

2,064,921

0

0

  Articulación de la Política Ambiental y de Recursos Naturales 277,776

3,436

274,340

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Desarrollo Forestal Sustentable para el Bienestar 87,856,009

0

0

505,304

3,450,506

38,042,184

26,311,690

10,106,083

7,158,762

216,559

2,064,921

0

0

  Programa de Conservación para el Desarrollo Sostenible 83,743,236

0

8,000,543

9,000,611

10,000,679

12,500,848

14,000,950

12,500,848

9,500,645

8,238,112

0

0

0

18 Energía 2,796,304

304,119

291,187

319,638

320,464

329,089

296,834

215,923

153,097

154,487

107,278

167,700

136,485

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 2,796,304

304,119

291,187

319,638

320,464

329,089

296,834

215,923

153,097

154,487

107,278

167,700

136,485

20 Bienestar 300,210,861,690

48,586,559,600

14,666,654,743

35,414,954,762

14,868,228,805

36,429,192,349

11,748,747,328

39,496,012,029

11,722,716,421

39,758,335,212

15,175,845,159

31,185,926,244

1,157,689,038

  Pensión Mujeres Bienestar 14,550,000,000

2,532,638,625

765,928,526

1,878,657,771

766,519,869

1,922,849,692

594,773,948

2,156,170,001

607,870,811

2,204,647,486

818,667,200

284,484,979

16,791,092

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas Adultas Mayores 261,776,055,799

42,878,875,660

12,338,033,789

31,037,688,018

12,482,259,387

31,405,445,448

9,569,550,586

34,828,718,091

9,677,489,246

35,229,924,084

12,912,537,564

29,142,760,369

272,773,557

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas con Discapacidad Permanente 11,871,295,043

2,387,464,839

522,979,068

1,288,458,957

602,649,992

1,890,747,193

522,979,068

1,368,129,881

522,979,068

1,288,458,957

602,649,992

767,865,681

105,932,346

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 3,089,450,000

505,466,444

160,778,778

354,129,238

160,778,778

354,129,238

205,422,948

354,129,238

160,778,778

354,129,238

160,778,778

309,486,971

9,441,572

  Salud Casa por Casa 1,100,941,328

107,617,015

153,489,570

130,553,292

130,553,292

130,553,292

130,553,292

130,553,292

95,323,170

22,936,278

22,936,278

22,936,278

22,936,278

  Sembrando Vida 7,820,000,000

174,237,057

725,207,526

725,207,526

725,207,526

725,207,526

725,207,526

658,051,566

658,051,566

658,051,566

658,051,566

658,051,566

729,467,488

  Servicios a grupos con necesidades especiales 3,119,520

259,960

237,487

259,960

259,960

259,960

259,960

259,960

223,782

187,604

223,782

340,401

346,705

21 Turismo 3,925,872

0

0

0

0

0

0

3,753,252

172,620

0

0

0

0

  Articulación de la política de turismo 3,925,872

0

0

0

0

0

0

3,753,252

172,620

0

0

0

0

22 Instituto Nacional Electoral 62,554,364

1,877,882

2,467,242

2,492,065

5,035,366

5,307,351

7,769,176

3,331,265

3,436,250

19,169,345

3,639,291

3,170,578

4,858,553

  Capacitación y educación para el ejercicio democrático de la ciudadanía 29,908,085

304,985

509,026

355,352

317,185

317,185

5,637,864

1,094,579

998,774

17,128,045

1,830,171

484,881

930,038

  Dirección, soporte jurídico electoral y apoyo logístico 23,910,818

1,069,141

1,442,851

1,575,250

4,236,367

2,659,468

1,617,986

1,747,363

1,961,680

1,554,293

1,290,322

2,159,090

2,597,007

  Gestión Administrativa 1,804,791

0

0

0

0

1,804,791

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Otorgamiento de prerrogativas a partidos políticos, fiscalización de sus recursos y administración de los tiempos del estado en radio y televisión 3,511,602

222,349

230,928

237,668

230,928

270,241

263,501

270,241

263,501

270,241

263,501

268,679

719,824

  Tecnologías de información y comunicaciones 2,257,798

200,957

200,850

238,476

167,299

170,347

166,238

133,763

128,708

131,447

171,710

173,247

374,756

  Vinculación con la sociedad 1,161,270

80,450

83,587

85,319

83,587

85,319

83,587

85,319

83,587

85,319

83,587

84,681

236,928

31 Tribunales Agrarios 17,916

0

0

0

17,916

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Resolución de asuntos relativos a conflictos y controversias por uso y usufructo de la tierra 17,916

0

0

0

17,916

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

32 Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa 8,666,631

880,722

602,262

673,081

773,765

687,081

650,750

823,584

603,450

652,080

808,760

754,543

756,553

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 1,837,856

190,204

122,333

133,695

155,815

133,695

129,793

167,177

123,323

133,695

155,809

195,365

196,952

  Impartición de Justicia Fiscal y Administrativa 6,828,775

690,518

479,929

539,386

617,950

553,386

520,957

656,407

480,127

518,385

652,951

559,178

559,601

35 Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos 42,951,075

2,638,246

2,819,499

2,902,643

2,885,141

5,266,647

2,855,825

2,994,059

4,792,530

3,007,567

3,362,216

3,694,446

5,732,256

  Actividades relacionadas a la Igualdad de Género Institucional. 5,153,124

311,205

310,834

418,743

348,587

719,913

365,861

385,283

345,261

335,178

429,144

478,461

704,654

  Realizar la promoción y observancia en el monitoreo, seguimiento y evaluación del impacto de la política nacional en materia de igualdad entre mujeres y hombres; y protección y defensa de los derechos humanos de las mujeres en razón de género. 37,797,951

2,327,041

2,508,665

2,483,900

2,536,554

4,546,734

2,489,964

2,608,776

4,447,269

2,672,389

2,933,072

3,215,985

5,027,602

36 Seguridad y Protección Ciudadana 40,705

4,023

3,845

4,070

5,045

4,887

3,845

4,425

3,845

3,900

645

1,526

649

  Articulación de la política en materia de seguridad nacional y pública 40,705

4,023

3,845

4,070

5,045

4,887

3,845

4,425

3,845

3,900

645

1,526

649

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 12,269,969,553

1,316,929,825

1,340,876,996

1,329,127,624

1,457,040,500

1,355,096,447

1,348,194,813

1,252,044,119

1,048,762,298

621,575,123

685,921,920

514,399,889

0

  Becas de posgrado y apoyos a la calidad 6,699,098,579

624,233,232

574,769,002

563,019,630

690,932,505

594,618,074

606,725,977

618,062,609

604,840,618

621,575,123

685,921,920

514,399,889

0

  Sistema Nacional de Investigadoras e Investigadores 5,570,870,974

692,696,593

766,107,994

766,107,994

766,107,995

760,478,373

741,468,836

633,981,510

443,921,680

0

0

0

0

40 Información Nacional Estadística y Geográfica 120,149,206

5,508,653

5,538,653

5,538,653

5,538,653

6,158,653

8,638,653

9,539,596

11,448,653

12,688,653

11,587,183

15,624,467

22,338,736

  Producción y difusión de información estadística y geográfica 120,149,206

5,508,653

5,538,653

5,538,653

5,538,653

6,158,653

8,638,653

9,539,596

11,448,653

12,688,653

11,587,183

15,624,467

22,338,736

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 1,419,114,052

130,171,459

86,561,925

106,766,366

87,164,221

234,740,911

62,670,905

158,717,193

93,264,659

78,573,666

184,902,168

121,822,538

73,758,042

  Política en materia de gestión documental 1,114,979

472,318

573,443

42,844

420

197

5,151

0

0

0

0

20,606

0

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 91,047,135

2,175,000

5,445,000

37,725,000

8,755,000

8,675,000

6,722,135

5,175,000

5,175,000

4,175,000

2,675,000

2,175,000

2,175,000

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 1,312,066,432

123,096,992

78,176,590

68,498,299

78,176,595

225,803,261

55,601,514

153,321,848

87,854,644

74,181,850

182,029,352

118,570,993

66,754,494

  Servicios de atención a víctimas 7,778,199

118,971

208,316

216,816

205,316

197,816

299,601

197,816

205,316

216,816

197,816

885,926

4,827,673

  Servicios de preservación y divulgación del patrimonio documental que resguarda el Archivo General de la Nación y de la memoria histórica de México 7,107,308

4,308,178

2,158,576

283,407

26,890

64,637

42,503

22,529

29,699

0

0

170,013

875

48 Cultura 1,879,899

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

243,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

1,181,839

45,460

  Programa Nacional de Becas Artísticas y Culturales 1,334,380

0

0

0

0

198,000

0

0

0

0

0

1,136,380

0

  Servicios de desarrollo Cultural 545,519

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

45,460

49 Fiscalía General de la República 80,932,497

7,598,597

5,757,940

6,467,217

6,839,705

6,834,058

6,718,559

7,226,442

6,403,345

6,847,007

6,336,432

6,999,577

6,903,622

  Investigar y perseguir los delitos cometidos en materia de derechos humanos 79,532,497

7,571,930

5,731,273

6,430,550

6,813,038

6,817,391

6,401,892

6,909,775

6,111,678

6,830,340

6,044,765

6,982,910

6,886,955

  Investigar, perseguir y prevenir delitos del orden electoral 1,200,000

10,000

10,000

20,000

10,000

0

300,000

300,000

275,000

0

275,000

0

0

  Realizar investigación académica en el marco de las ciencias penales 200,000

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

16,667

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 32,929,648,404

2,758,340,746

2,434,143,930

2,521,964,078

2,485,244,039

2,671,426,421

2,531,395,752

3,092,435,065

2,737,610,377

2,733,216,816

2,778,608,671

2,692,621,448

3,492,641,063

  Servicios de atención a la salud 10,055,847,270

818,780,550

610,560,548

758,558,267

685,348,460

810,801,399

715,944,788

1,049,425,066

846,319,881

877,413,735

834,496,721

820,441,470

1,227,756,384

  Servicios de guardería 17,120,100,948

1,412,554,126

1,360,247,536

1,368,810,085

1,391,265,855

1,383,122,945

1,385,008,474

1,539,132,609

1,407,611,863

1,389,242,537

1,415,143,954

1,414,670,358

1,653,290,606

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 5,753,700,186

527,006,069

463,335,846

394,595,726

408,629,724

477,502,076

430,442,489

503,877,390

483,678,633

466,560,544

528,967,996

457,509,620

611,594,072

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 3,599,268,540

443,125,171

260,582,947

286,692,633

295,551,060

327,437,234

275,499,883

274,023,096

273,166,616

253,878,162

318,047,471

361,443,066

229,821,201

  Servicios de atención a la salud 1,501,110

83,138

203,407

59,808

145,488

55,771

192,118

191,017

111,806

99,742

157,292

114,915

86,608

  Servicios de atención a personas con discapacidad 5,016

0

0

420

660

660

660

660

660

433

433

433

0

  Servicios de estancias de bienestar y desarrollo infantil 3,597,754,920

443,041,242

260,378,939

286,631,848

295,404,194

327,380,287

275,306,513

273,830,818

273,053,614

253,777,415

317,888,919

361,327,166

229,733,967

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 7,494

791

602

557

719

517

593

602

536

573

827

552

625

Petróleos Mexicanos 13,700,000

400,000

0

0

0

0

0

1,200,000

0

100,000

11,600,000

400,000

0

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 13,700,000

400,000

0

0

0

0

0

1,200,000

0

100,000

11,600,000

400,000

0

Comisión Federal de Electricidad 6,887,753

642,102

529,503

862,749

572,902

527,623

498,820

629,913

537,019

441,518

400,156

741,553

503,894

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 979,000

86,169

88,359

93,857

64,559

66,512

78,522

79,107

105,800

102,411

60,796

68,586

84,321

  Administración de los contratos de producción independiente de energía 136,500

10,461

13,716

11,641

7,765

11,263

7,748

12,248

14,571

8,107

10,951

11,524

16,504

  Coordinación, operación y recarga de la Coordinación Nuclear 265,000

8,410

10,553

19,406

9,481

15,930

11,270

38,719

13,564

17,105

17,734

23,543

79,285

  Operación de infraestructura aplicable a telecomunicaciones 151,000

2,414

8,204

18,055

13,788

15,637

17,209

12,907

15,833

13,478

12,327

14,556

6,592

  Servicios de comercialización de energía eléctrica y productos asociados 650,000

48,256

38,052

149,121

34,672

44,460

54,718

51,402

43,069

42,746

51,742

46,652

45,110

  Servicios de operación y mantenimiento de la infraestructura del proceso de distribución de energía eléctrica 1,900,000

230,761

104,253

188,801

170,059

139,004

118,931

194,311

116,891

133,860

135,425

211,752

155,953

  Servicios de operación y mantenimiento de la Red Nacional de Transmisión 1,421,000

134,751

110,958

207,466

105,984

96,619

65,164

88,223

71,080

71,478

69,728

319,980

79,568

  Servicios de operación y mantenimiento de las centrales generadoras de energía eléctrica 1,385,253

120,880

155,409

174,403

166,593

138,198

145,258

152,995

156,211

52,335

41,452

44,959

36,561

  54 Mujeres 2,134,622,797

20,345,132

24,047,039

431,883,737

1,101,521,184

142,681,884

38,534,760

158,934,966

36,904,372

46,889,018

58,646,197

39,381,432

34,853,076

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 321,203,366

16,537,455

20,163,083

23,389,637

36,736,618

26,141,917

23,311,924

34,304,291

24,985,256

33,733,153

33,995,716

26,146,600

21,757,716

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 171,680,641

129,185

224,805

490,975

7,217,930

1,014,790

8,522,961

114,410,768

6,063,773

6,311,890

15,173,907

6,111,288

6,008,369

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 784,956,605

0

0

0

784,956,605

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 856,782,185

3,678,492

3,659,151

408,003,125

272,610,031

115,525,177

6,699,875

10,219,907

5,855,343

6,843,975

9,476,574

7,123,544

7,086,991

55 Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones 2,093,882

1,172,574

921,308

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Definición, articulación y coordinación de las Políticas de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones 2,093,882

1,172,574

921,308

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 4,176,648,365

331,909,180

331,909,180

331,909,242

574,951,095

574,951,095

574,951,147

400,455,329

331,909,180

331,909,242

136,838,849

127,477,508

127,477,318

  Fortalecimiento a la atención médica 107,168,629

3,218,541

3,218,541

3,218,573

3,218,541

3,218,541

3,218,573

71,764,690

3,218,541

3,218,573

3,218,541

3,218,541

3,218,433

  Servicios de atención a la salud 4,069,479,736

328,690,639

328,690,639

328,690,669

571,732,554

571,732,554

571,732,574

328,690,639

328,690,639

328,690,669

133,620,308

124,258,967

124,258,885

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.             Nota: El presupuesto reportado para el Anexo Transversal 13 Erogaciones para la Igualdad entre Mujeres y Hombres, incorpora las afectaciones derivadas de los ajustes aprobados por la Cámara de Diputados, descritas en los Anexos 32 y 33 del Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026.   Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                         Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 14 Recursos para la Atención a Grupos Vulnerables               (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 687,820,617,949

99,211,435,107

32,714,342,282

76,340,021,875

48,307,006,792

93,953,585,270

30,813,020,042

78,146,246,497

28,157,179,837

84,829,010,096

33,855,439,835

72,998,435,735

8,494,894,581

                              4 Gobernación 174,891,359

9,175,338

11,314,917

14,427,017

18,395,965

14,967,862

14,666,659

13,269,345

12,916,925

13,995,764

14,028,326

11,834,272

25,898,969

  Coordinación con las instancias que integran el Sistema Nacional de Protección Integral de Niñas, Niños y Adolescentes 7,678,789

299,000

315,100

426,500

1,347,546

406,500

426,500

1,344,500

409,500

426,500

1,344,890

522,266

409,986

  Política para promover la protección de los derechos humanos y prevenir la discriminación 133,773,156

6,717,000

8,697,517

11,727,217

12,048,019

9,963,087

11,585,318

9,902,339

9,972,290

10,908,228

10,428,781

9,308,552

22,514,808

  Servicios de atención a refugiados en el país 10,862,853

439,600

959,700

784,200

1,266,500

583,163

1,309,241

492,006

1,189,100

785,238

1,058,859

481,413

1,513,834

  Servicios de registro e Identificación de Población 12,264,291

720,200

582,700

654,600

2,945,900

3,025,958

585,600

668,000

585,964

1,015,517

406,601

544,976

528,276

  Servicios migratorios 10,312,270

999,538

759,900

834,500

788,000

989,154

760,000

862,500

760,071

860,282

789,195

977,064

932,065

5 Relaciones Exteriores 70,868

0

0

0

70,868

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Atención y servicios integrales de protección y asistencia consular 70,868

0

0

0

70,868

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 185,364,562

8,857,245

6,114,729

36,961,932

36,972,756

21,637,532

21,154,690

23,316,063

14,979,013

3,922,335

3,679,939

4,690,735

3,077,594

  Diseño y conducción de la política de gasto público 56,119,574

3,780,977

6,114,729

8,509,385

5,098,629

4,454,918

4,146,106

4,856,979

3,787,249

3,922,335

3,679,939

4,690,735

3,077,594

  Inclusión financiera para el bienestar 129,244,988

5,076,269

0

28,452,546

31,874,126

17,182,614

17,008,584

18,459,084

11,191,764

0

0

0

0

7 Defensa Nacional 62,655,795

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,574

5,824,765

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,086,231

5,086,233

  Fortalecimiento de las capacidades de auxilio a la población civil mediante el Plan DN-III-E 62,655,795

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,574

5,824,765

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,086,231

5,086,233

11 Educación Pública 63,662,200,600

4,878,196,624

137,774,085

5,703,112,153

13,238,440,563

20,742,606,183

1,302,545,442

203,612,451

76,689,152

6,904,576,117

69,917,815

9,993,096,972

411,633,042

  Atención de Planteles Públicos de Educación Media Superior con estudiantes con discapacidad (PAPPEMS) 31,077,999

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

12,846,443

18,231,556

0

0

0

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 25,877,200,000

2,788,439,701

36,550,179

2,830,237,225

33,292,756

7,355,481,264

33,026,470

122,962,658

33,292,756

5,059,742,070

33,426,470

7,381,939,616

168,808,835

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 8,511,800,000

1,621,467,202

0

1,645,789,211

0

1,670,481,605

0

24,692,394

0

1,399,635,657

400,000

1,963,456,859

185,877,073

Expansión de la Educación Inicial 883,384,347

0

74,544,849

722,746,801

11,547,849

74,544,849

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios de Educación Especial (PFSEE) 803,741,731

0

4,410,026

0

799,331,704

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Jóvenes Escribiendo el Futuro 2,530,000,000

444,745,402

0

465,744,181

9,953,429

489,151,834

7,290,869

32,864,541

7,290,869

405,220,966

7,290,869

618,536,061

41,910,981

  La Escuela es Nuestra 24,700,000,000

0

0

0

12,350,000,001

11,115,000,000

1,234,999,999

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de educación para Adultos (INEA) 324,996,524

23,544,319

22,269,032

38,594,736

34,314,824

37,946,632

27,228,104

23,092,859

23,259,085

21,745,868

28,800,476

29,164,437

15,036,153

12 Salud 3,850,268,905

62,808,977

406,533,319

515,477,089

572,814,656

338,743,036

162,589,898

440,779,230

231,561,785

155,783,160

405,137,064

165,589,892

392,450,800

  Investigación, desarrollo tecnológico y formación en salud 26,471,759

1,374,525

1,544,492

2,142,878

1,980,273

2,416,905

1,803,028

2,630,139

1,618,224

2,149,399

2,497,989

2,835,367

3,478,541

  Política de prevención y control de enfermedades 209,690,234

916,588

1,546,083

32,983,101

37,646,840

36,125,462

18,746,434

17,188,661

13,373,526

21,350,694

21,318,601

5,734,772

2,759,472

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 1,142,483,055

3,648,641

339,445,304

361,853,263

24,884,198

45,410,354

44,712,527

55,376,505

117,516,085

6,968,378

121,040,162

9,511,383

12,116,254

  Programa de Atención a Personas con Discapacidad 44,405,296

0

0

0

0

0

0

44,405,296

0

0

0

0

0

  Rectoría del Sistema Nacional de Salud 429,180,118

22,686,116

24,766,582

35,313,684

32,460,180

42,519,292

33,574,432

40,656,095

25,182,598

38,193,447

38,718,710

41,958,431

53,150,550

  Servicios de atención a la salud 223,769,895

8,887,033

9,688,261

17,754,873

18,961,602

20,980,671

17,791,749

22,699,470

17,559,702

20,272,484

22,590,632

24,216,128

22,367,290

  Servicios de atención a la salud mental y prevención de las adicciones 152,704,871

6,530,001

7,150,709

10,718,129

24,424,979

11,789,175

7,331,146

14,355,469

7,966,875

11,289,381

13,662,303

16,518,848

20,967,858

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 1,146,746,948

18,766,074

22,379,578

54,694,161

359,885,517

179,483,693

38,618,742

185,142,408

48,312,550

55,547,536

60,302,113

64,626,247

58,988,330

  Servicios de vacunación 474,816,730

0

12,311

17,000

72,571,066

17,485

11,841

58,325,187

32,227

11,841

125,006,553

188,717

218,622,504

14 Trabajo y Previsión Social 15,972,873,453

1,852,328,134

1,634,556,186

1,482,872,719

1,369,706,055

1,333,513,015

1,219,738,049

1,216,551,334

1,106,336,620

1,200,417,176

1,102,379,687

1,297,287,240

1,157,187,239

  Articulación de Políticas Integrales de Juventud 12,941,595

1,338,811

1,764,453

1,880,110

1,773,088

1,946,692

1,807,617

1,089,673

283,008

36,849

30,579

230,757

759,957

  Implementación de la política laboral 4,476,939

559,632

558,944

568,159

542,347

599,751

555,732

504,972

440,020

43,164

33,807

43,624

26,788

  Jóvenes Construyendo el Futuro 15,924,674,161

1,847,845,329

1,629,747,751

1,477,882,212

1,364,905,353

1,328,453,059

1,214,841,695

1,212,446,651

1,102,977,346

1,198,332,507

1,100,155,033

1,295,090,768

1,151,996,458

  Programa de Apoyo al Empleo (PAE) 30,780,759

2,584,362

2,485,039

2,542,238

2,485,267

2,513,514

2,533,005

2,510,039

2,636,247

2,004,656

2,160,267

1,922,091

4,404,035

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 9,926,378,895

4,051,837

5,089,226

1,084,959,049

998,737,970

1,211,005,570

1,971,238,758

1,033,298,878

847,901,588

1,118,473,339

674,064,971

961,856,891

15,700,819

  Programa de Vivienda Social 9,850,000,000

0

0

1,073,857,615

991,795,868

1,199,130,083

1,966,013,264

1,028,337,475

843,741,585

1,113,573,425

669,362,302

955,309,177

8,879,207

  Servicios de ordenamiento y procuración de justicia agraria 76,378,895

4,051,837

5,089,226

11,101,434

6,942,101

11,875,487

5,225,494

4,961,403

4,160,003

4,899,914

4,702,669

6,547,714

6,821,612

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 270,266,549

1,687,221

8,781,681

10,040,180

18,053,772

56,546,965

41,980,282

38,963,852

25,478,651

17,521,829

20,845,347

30,366,769

0

  Desarrollo Forestal Sustentable para el Bienestar 97,617,788

0

0

561,449

3,833,895

42,269,094

29,235,211

11,228,981

7,954,181

240,621

2,294,357

0

0

  Programa de Conservación para el Desarrollo Sostenible 16,758,703

0

1,601,069

1,801,203

2,001,337

2,501,671

2,801,871

2,501,671

1,901,270

1,648,612

0

0

0

  Programa para la Protección y Restauración de Ecosistemas y Especies Prioritarias 21,371,792

0

1,700,000

1,850,000

2,000,000

2,500,000

3,500,000

3,500,000

2,500,000

2,400,000

1,421,791

0

0

  Protección Forestal 134,518,266

1,687,221

5,480,612

5,827,528

10,218,540

9,276,200

6,443,200

21,733,200

13,123,200

13,232,596

17,129,200

30,366,769

0

20 Bienestar 557,048,339,770

89,474,876,541

27,670,865,348

64,497,282,662

28,115,531,664

66,627,148,755

22,549,042,069

71,826,752,606

22,733,328,054

72,391,021,536

28,952,020,917

58,203,741,831

4,006,727,786

  Pensión Mujeres Bienestar 14,721,775,594

2,562,538,660

774,970,988

1,900,836,985

775,569,313

1,945,550,630

601,795,780

2,181,625,491

615,047,262

2,230,675,296

828,332,289

287,843,576

16,989,326

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas Adultas Mayores 471,802,883,244

77,281,236,074

22,237,022,012

55,939,687,270

22,496,961,955

56,602,501,963

17,247,343,513

62,772,317,219

17,441,882,967

63,495,416,755

23,272,458,720

52,524,430,953

491,623,844

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas con Discapacidad Permanente 28,035,302,128

5,638,247,372

1,235,069,647

3,042,830,290

1,423,220,849

4,465,196,813

1,235,069,647

3,230,981,492

1,235,069,647

3,042,830,290

1,423,220,849

1,813,394,940

250,170,290

  Política de desarrollo integral de las personas con discapacidad 11,496,593

1,079,927

909,275

909,275

911,796

909,276

1,134,252

909,276

909,276

1,038,672

909,276

911,799

964,493

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 3,096,699,350

506,652,514

161,156,043

354,960,197

161,156,043

354,960,197

205,904,970

354,960,197

161,156,043

354,960,197

161,156,043

310,213,178

9,463,726

  Programa para el Bienestar de las Personas en Emergencia Social o Natural 48,987,666

4,082,306

4,082,306

4,082,306

4,082,306

4,082,306

4,082,306

4,082,306

4,082,305

4,082,305

4,082,305

4,082,305

4,082,305

  Salud Casa por Casa 200,000,000

19,550,000

27,883,333

23,716,667

23,716,667

23,716,667

23,716,667

23,716,667

17,316,667

4,166,667

4,166,667

4,166,667

4,166,667

  Sembrando Vida 39,100,000,000

3,458,493,234

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,225,715,704

  Servicios a grupos con necesidades especiales 31,195,195

2,996,454

2,270,031

2,757,961

2,411,023

2,729,192

2,493,222

2,503,459

2,207,386

2,194,854

2,038,267

3,041,914

3,551,431

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 1,000,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

500,000

500,000

0

0

  Becas de posgrado y apoyos a la calidad 1,000,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

500,000

500,000

0

0

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 4,859,624,155

237,904,783

266,634,785

380,848,611

364,561,045

538,099,423

444,822,235

565,105,274

491,751,448

450,529,705

525,192,275

341,047,728

253,126,843

  Planeación y Articulación de la Acción Pública hacia los Pueblos Indígenas 1,107,973,031

77,008,593

90,582,001

118,018,165

88,042,292

95,237,230

110,938,797

121,962,729

108,140,567

97,124,040

73,238,073

48,151,058

79,529,486

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 1,703,984,370

21,691,323

68,775,659

138,098,412

135,557,896

148,168,147

180,492,869

219,214,412

228,514,227

214,317,877

202,447,065

93,661,042

53,045,441

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 2,047,666,754

139,204,867

107,277,125

124,732,034

140,960,857

294,694,046

153,390,569

223,928,133

155,096,654

139,087,788

249,507,137

199,235,628

120,551,916

48 Cultura 101,243,983

4,407,440

5,999,638

6,695,091

6,242,460

8,356,659

11,687,513

15,184,320

11,950,761

5,810,052

12,407,580

6,378,537

6,123,933

  Política de educación y cultura indígena 64,729,619

3,341,917

4,712,779

5,093,024

4,739,422

6,624,653

4,090,957

7,710,126

3,934,056

4,568,025

8,402,843

5,731,871

5,779,946

  Programas de apoyos a la cultura 22,202,382

0

0

0

0

331,260

6,259,239

6,077,609

6,154,068

0

3,380,205

0

0

  Servicios de producción y transmisión de materiales educativos, culturales y artísticos 14,311,982

1,065,523

1,286,859

1,602,067

1,503,038

1,400,746

1,337,317

1,396,584

1,862,637

1,242,027

624,531

646,666

343,987

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 17,120,100,948

1,412,554,126

1,360,247,536

1,368,810,085

1,391,265,855

1,383,122,945

1,385,008,474

1,539,132,609

1,407,611,863

1,389,242,537

1,415,143,954

1,414,670,358

1,653,290,606

  Servicios de guardería 17,120,100,948

1,412,554,126

1,360,247,536

1,368,810,085

1,391,265,855

1,383,122,945

1,385,008,474

1,539,132,609

1,407,611,863

1,389,242,537

1,415,143,954

1,414,670,358

1,653,290,606

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 2,891,379,406

296,903,095

232,739,456

230,382,843

291,898,167

241,577,259

261,766,381

226,853,751

228,154,984

208,573,825

265,822,234

202,445,422

204,261,988

  Infraestructura integral para el derecho a la salud 155,989,940

5,411,736

6,245,473

31,340,196

10,478,313

8,431,593

6,129,987

7,737,250

10,045,205

9,817,365

14,985,295

18,376,374

26,991,152

  Servicios de atención a la salud 1,625,926,051

176,304,533

135,162,895

113,474,429

183,558,775

151,012,096

164,958,444

125,578,973

134,885,966

117,190,269

132,063,456

97,611,447

94,124,768

  Servicios de atención a personas con discapacidad 338,915

0

0

28,378

44,563

44,563

44,563

44,563

44,563

29,241

29,241

29,240

0

  Servicios de estancias de bienestar y desarrollo infantil 359,775,492

39,810,627

27,562,566

31,317,003

31,659,876

31,151,622

28,202,793

27,895,811

28,544,790

24,835,253

36,873,911

29,783,951

22,137,289

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 749,349,008

75,376,199

63,768,522

54,222,837

66,156,641

50,937,385

62,430,594

65,597,153

54,634,461

56,701,697

81,870,330

56,644,410

61,008,779

54 Mujeres 534,572,415

380,768

388,396

40,849,410

459,708,929

11,653,997

1,522,284

12,463,067

1,191,912

1,315,586

2,465,047

1,323,483

1,309,536

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 17,168,064

12,919

22,481

49,098

721,793

101,479

852,296

11,441,077

606,377

631,189

1,517,390

611,129

600,837

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 431,726,133

0

0

0

431,726,133

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 85,678,219

367,849

365,915

40,800,313

27,261,003

11,552,518

669,988

1,021,991

585,534

684,398

947,657

712,354

708,699

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 11,159,386,284

962,129,405

962,129,405

962,129,461

1,419,432,495

1,419,432,495

1,419,432,544

985,766,040

962,129,405

962,129,461

386,637,005

359,019,375

359,019,193

  Fortalecimiento a la atención médica 43,433,669

1,649,753

1,649,753

1,649,783

1,649,753

1,649,753

1,649,783

25,286,388

1,649,753

1,649,783

1,649,753

1,649,753

1,649,661

  Servicios de atención a la salud 11,115,952,615

960,479,652

960,479,652

960,479,678

1,417,782,742

1,417,782,742

1,417,782,761

960,479,652

960,479,652

960,479,678

384,987,252

357,369,622

357,369,532

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.               Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                         Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 15 Estrategia Nacional de Transición Energética                   (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 17,868,387,474

2,452,495,090

3,398,178,802

3,452,631,824

1,436,860,593

1,183,427,005

1,290,731,103

1,243,846,064

701,115,926

765,104,833

464,457,957

260,127,014

1,219,411,263

                              7 Defensa Nacional 744,135,285

81,239,233

79,439,686

78,915,514

82,927,718

78,770,212

81,254,165

79,610,544

77,811,001

31,737,698

18,909,644

32,540,954

20,978,916

  Servicios Públicos de Transporte Masivo de Personas y Carga Tren Maya 744,135,285

81,239,233

79,439,686

78,915,514

82,927,718

78,770,212

81,254,165

79,610,544

77,811,001

31,737,698

18,909,644

32,540,954

20,978,916

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 8,778,152,000

1,593,483,962

2,672,699,068

2,105,478,978

554,459,871

556,316,817

365,056,507

300,148,932

300,148,932

259,298,932

42,560,000

19,000,000

9,500,000

  Infraestructura ferroviaria para transporte de carga y pasajeros 8,778,152,000

1,593,483,962

2,672,699,068

2,105,478,978

554,459,871

556,316,817

365,056,507

300,148,932

300,148,932

259,298,932

42,560,000

19,000,000

9,500,000

13 Marina 86,089

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,175

  Servicios de operación de la infraestructura ferroviaria 86,089

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,174

7,175

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 411,268,667

40,782,908

53,321,664

41,159,986

35,889,761

41,717,937

35,015,948

40,111,310

29,728,818

30,819,583

30,818,241

19,120,405

12,782,108

  Articulación de Políticas Hídricas 55,411

0

0

0

25,387

19,518

10,506

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Inspección, vigilancia y regulación del medio ambiente y recursos naturales 2,484,102

0

197,609

197,609

290,821

197,609

197,609

290,821

197,609

197,609

290,821

197,609

228,371

  Investigación y capacitación en cambio climático, sustentabilidad y crecimiento Verde 158,843

0

9,753

18,818

18,818

18,818

18,818

15,300

9,753

9,753

9,753

9,753

19,506

  Regulación, gestión y supervisión socioambiental 408,570,311

40,782,908

53,114,301

40,943,559

35,554,735

41,481,991

34,789,015

39,805,188

29,521,455

30,612,220

30,517,666

18,913,042

12,534,231

18 Energía 1,807,781,155

243,491,511

244,181,891

420,452,626

248,562,945

252,417,297

250,752,804

21,252,784

19,159,093

18,850,046

34,554,923

33,435,832

20,669,403

  Articulación de la política de hidrocarburos 1,367,784,970

227,859,104

227,907,164

227,934,949

227,934,366

227,936,960

227,920,453

69,859

51,768

51,878

33,966

30,778

53,724

  Articulación de la política energética 74,749,371

2,504,373

3,056,510

4,816,636

4,857,301

9,181,581

8,934,966

7,797,388

7,064,525

6,939,265

6,424,022

6,180,674

6,992,130

  Articulación de la política nuclear y eléctrica 82,132,109

4,941,123

5,683,088

6,489,155

6,828,107

7,303,115

6,394,859

4,550,084

3,487,812

3,586,455

18,368,540

9,335,010

5,164,761

  Investigación y desarrollo en materia nuclear y eléctrica 283,017,452

8,182,764

7,528,877

181,206,097

8,937,434

7,987,468

7,494,229

8,812,622

8,547,199

8,266,636

9,723,223

17,882,507

8,448,395

  Regulación y supervisión de actividades nucleares, radiológicas y de eficiencia energética 97,253

4,148

6,252

5,789

5,737

8,172

8,296

22,831

7,789

5,811

5,173

6,862

10,393

Petróleos Mexicanos 1,318,488,080

407,971,060

112,491,284

122,829,907

112,486,415

96,997,195

47,002,774

410,932,470

752,005

3,189,536

1,026,931

0

2,808,503

  Infraestructura económica de hidrocarburos 1,318,488,080

407,971,060

112,491,284

122,829,907

112,486,415

96,997,195

47,002,774

410,932,470

752,005

3,189,536

1,026,931

0

2,808,503

Comisión Federal de Electricidad 4,808,476,198

85,519,242

236,038,035

683,787,639

402,526,708

157,200,374

511,641,732

391,782,850

273,508,904

421,201,865

336,581,044

156,022,650

1,152,665,157

  Infraestructura económica de electricidad 4,808,476,198

85,519,242

236,038,035

683,787,639

402,526,708

157,200,374

511,641,732

391,782,850

273,508,904

421,201,865

336,581,044

156,022,650

1,152,665,157

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.               Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026         Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 16 Recursos para la Adaptación y Mitigación de los Efectos del Cambio Climático       (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 212,569,745,529

26,276,067,125

30,926,329,835

28,167,839,511

20,519,489,334

20,348,653,977

19,388,369,176

15,322,241,947

12,445,565,370

10,552,951,420

9,005,034,497

11,452,557,219

8,164,646,117

                              5 Relaciones Exteriores 4,714,013

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,546

428,546

428,546

428,546

428,547

0

  Articulación de la política de Cooperación internacional para el desarrollo 4,714,013

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,547

428,546

428,546

428,546

428,546

428,547

0

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 122,011,692

8,220,365

13,294,263

18,500,577

11,085,123

9,685,607

9,014,206

10,559,741

8,234,002

8,527,696

8,000,694

10,198,305

6,691,115

  Diseño y conducción de la política de gasto público 122,011,692

8,220,365

13,294,263

18,500,577

11,085,123

9,685,607

9,014,206

10,559,741

8,234,002

8,527,696

8,000,694

10,198,305

6,691,115

7 Defensa Nacional 88,839,777,115

9,442,560,234

8,453,443,542

8,291,407,823

8,486,950,811

8,327,699,165

8,701,032,016

9,307,602,618

6,477,414,325

5,011,091,904

4,565,379,563

7,343,945,718

4,431,249,396

  Defensa de la Integridad, la Independencia, la Soberanía del Territorio Nacional 44,673,431,516

3,644,747,772

3,266,519,630

3,170,309,069

3,340,925,202

3,450,389,946

3,673,124,115

3,304,694,617

3,949,728,897

3,443,770,366

3,418,827,322

6,234,969,222

3,775,425,358

  Infraestructura en materia de seguridad nacional 1,510,946,294

0

0

0

215,849,469

215,849,469

215,849,469

215,849,469

215,849,469

215,849,469

215,849,480

0

0

  Infraestructura ferroviaria para el transporte de carga y pasajeros 29,999,999,999

4,389,640,692

4,322,944,665

4,322,944,665

3,803,755,229

3,870,451,256

3,803,755,229

3,978,311,960

635,412,649

174,556,731

174,556,731

174,556,731

349,113,461

  Operación y desarrollo de la Fuerza Aérea Mexicana 8,489,053,707

1,183,943,119

641,550,143

576,249,157

900,503,775

569,248,864

547,951,249

890,798,119

687,285,400

874,218,553

649,344,080

698,573,730

269,387,518

  Servicios de dirección la infraestructura aeroportuaria, ferroviaria y de servicios auxiliares 3,422,210,314

142,989,418

142,989,418

142,989,418

142,989,418

142,989,418

379,097,789

838,337,909

911,326,909

270,959,087

87,892,306

203,305,081

16,344,143

  Servicios Públicos de Transporte Masivo de Personas y Carga Tren Maya 744,135,285

81,239,233

79,439,686

78,915,514

82,927,718

78,770,212

81,254,165

79,610,544

77,811,001

31,737,698

18,909,644

32,540,954

20,978,916

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 888,447,361

60,362,228

13,330,211

15,229,702

446,720,554

60,820,214

37,384,896

35,023,689

33,509,609

149,616,691

3,731,959

28,019,399

4,698,209

  Aplicación de la Política Agropecuaria 22,878,718

1,669,429

1,651,943

1,976,402

1,799,558

1,904,737

1,808,121

2,174,712

1,782,532

1,675,520

1,671,924

1,994,528

2,769,312

  Desarrollo y aplicación de programas y proyectos educativos y de investigación en el sector agroalimentario 13,626,500

792,799

885,029

888,032

1,123,821

1,133,469

1,187,773

1,397,894

1,334,580

1,353,624

1,383,933

1,258,127

887,419

  Pesca y Acuacultura Sustentables 180,598,779

57,900,000

0

0

0

1,226,955

1,073,586

1,251,066

1,073,586

118,073,586

0

0

0

  Producción para el Bienestar 539,999,993

0

92,720

2,132,555

380,113,531

29,967,760

25,138,245

25,896,767

25,138,245

25,138,245

573,704

24,766,744

1,041,478

  Sanidad e Inocuidad Agroalimentaria 131,343,371

0

10,700,519

10,232,713

63,683,644

26,587,292

8,177,171

4,303,250

4,180,666

3,375,717

102,397

0

0

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 46,003,185,042

8,350,306,791

14,006,022,538

11,033,626,836

2,905,842,980

2,915,581,802

1,913,339,286

1,573,167,169

1,573,129,942

1,359,064,293

223,291,084

100,029,632

49,782,688

  Articulación de la política de comunicaciones y transportes 77,404

0

0

7,151

2,262

25,294

41,162

0

0

1,535

0

0

0

  Infraestructura ferroviaria para transporte de carga y pasajeros 46,000,000,000

8,350,306,791

14,005,699,278

11,033,305,526

2,905,526,594

2,915,257,516

1,912,999,379

1,572,865,323

1,572,865,323

1,358,799,765

223,026,441

99,565,375

49,782,688

  Investigación, estudios, proyectos y capacitación en materia de transporte 3,056,937

0

299,616

299,616

301,747

298,992

298,745

301,709

264,619

262,993

264,643

464,257

0

  Supervisión, inspección y verificación del transporte terrestre y aéreo 50,701

0

23,644

14,543

12,377

0

0

137

0

0

0

0

0

11 Educación Pública 2,201,341,059

223,146,417

180,233,858

203,415,011

154,139,555

148,531,426

198,602,960

161,394,315

160,446,327

193,184,609

146,044,963

180,684,864

251,516,754

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 1,080,049,198

119,619,963

86,526,033

94,131,541

73,554,134

70,695,018

99,051,285

74,619,391

82,688,938

100,792,411

76,868,067

90,609,145

110,893,274

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 60,054,451

5,248,821

4,352,707

5,457,807

4,731,102

5,724,453

4,923,155

6,075,163

4,904,352

5,019,307

4,330,047

5,007,306

4,280,232

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 1,038,993,272

96,889,991

85,861,401

100,624,173

74,485,566

69,369,298

93,129,429

78,644,203

71,494,701

84,329,289

64,620,159

83,201,815

136,343,248

  Subsidios para organismos descentralizados estatales 22,244,138

1,387,642

3,493,718

3,201,491

1,368,753

2,742,658

1,499,090

2,055,559

1,358,336

3,043,603

226,690

1,866,598

0

12 Salud 1,501,262

70,467

79,010

118,155

137,649

126,654

97,433

131,107

86,160

164,535

132,265

161,423

196,405

  Rectoría del Sistema Nacional de Salud 1,501,262

70,467

79,010

118,155

137,649

126,654

97,433

131,107

86,160

164,535

132,265

161,423

196,405

13 Marina 13,005,275

0

0

0

7,730,130

326,793

61,610

4,011,932

874,810

0

0

0

0

  Emplear el Poder Naval de la Federación para salvaguardar la soberanía y seguridad nacionales 13,005,275

0

0

0

7,730,130

326,793

61,610

4,011,932

874,810

0

0

0

0

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 7,887,365,409

298,839,390

598,247,530

596,203,358

752,410,766

1,194,524,215

835,337,530

889,647,900

864,859,499

508,924,043

737,935,021

460,513,030

149,923,127

  Agua Potable, Drenaje y Tratamiento 338,631,283

0

0

0

0

182,393,922

50,112,171

30,167,728

45,336,298

18,456,693

12,164,471

0

0

  Articulación de la Política Ambiental y de Recursos Naturales 4,629,571

32,936

2,272,575

0

2,324,061

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Articulación de Políticas Hídricas 8,311,564

180,112

229,742

203,397

3,334,591

2,187,234

1,259,871

169,933

176,725

182,838

120,983

75,649

190,488

  Conservación y Manejo de Áreas Naturales Protegidas 97,343,840

2,083,965

15,896,850

19,425,372

11,130,527

10,621,538

8,705,543

9,670,796

7,433,044

5,765,775

2,544,461

2,882,615

1,183,354

  Desarrollo Forestal Sustentable para el Bienestar 976,177,872

0

0

44,500,000

70,510,000

359,000,000

267,000,000

105,000,000

49,585,321

7,990,000

72,592,551

0

0

  Gestión integral y sustentable del agua 1,094,674,361

78,020,339

150,589,213

147,329,929

81,770,139

85,471,700

69,851,064

80,766,909

205,720,887

76,671,392

57,784,504

52,861,922

7,836,364

  Infraestructura en materia de agua potable, alcantarillado y saneamiento 1,792,184,502

0

145,081,603

89,609,225

230,423,722

193,584,374

74,532,117

262,427,016

211,221,745

78,941,460

298,555,180

157,313,973

50,494,087

  Inspección, vigilancia y regulación del medio ambiente y recursos naturales 955,423,320

71,221,679

99,229,696

97,863,970

101,392,756

98,248,216

84,500,817

92,590,098

81,777,127

84,048,389

77,126,513

38,793,438

28,630,621

  Investigación científica y tecnológica 26,635,425

1,883,756

1,815,428

2,270,294

1,893,508

2,530,069

1,806,765

2,637,498

1,861,150

2,295,986

1,855,192

3,961,389

1,824,391

  Investigación y capacitación en cambio climático, sustentabilidad y crecimiento Verde 23,826,236

0

2,238,526

2,857,274

2,721,609

2,171,657

3,814,946

1,889,252

1,122,564

1,066,591

1,671,525

2,064,602

2,207,691

  Programa de Apoyo a la Infraestructura Hidroagrícola 289,941,612

0

0

0

28,993,450

28,993,450

43,490,927

57,991,412

57,991,412

43,490,927

28,990,033

0

0

  Programa de Conservación para el Desarrollo Sostenible 167,587,023

0

16,020,000

18,025,000

20,025,000

25,025,000

28,016,918

25,000,000

19,000,000

16,475,105

0

0

0

  Programa para la Protección y Restauración de Ecosistemas y Especies Prioritarias 128,230,745

0

10,200,000

11,100,000

12,000,000

15,000,000

21,000,000

21,000,000

15,000,000

14,400,000

8,530,744

0

0

  Protección Forestal 1,345,182,652

81,725,381

84,095,352

102,095,999

119,417,622

122,981,226

115,739,709

133,049,198

105,209,557

103,035,860

122,321,113

199,711,448

55,800,187

  Regulación, gestión y supervisión socioambiental 61,285,548

6,729,441

8,439,051

6,351,068

5,454,785

5,930,783

5,220,750

5,698,558

4,360,502

4,395,902

4,122,820

2,831,558

1,750,330

  Servicios de operación y suministro hídrico 577,299,855

56,961,781

62,139,495

54,571,829

61,018,997

60,385,046

60,285,931

61,589,503

59,063,168

51,707,124

49,554,931

16,436

5,614

18 Energía 27,215,871,596

4,419,394,209

4,421,469,771

4,769,290,670

4,431,597,190

4,445,655,759

4,443,179,766

48,249,025

44,380,748

43,380,234

45,443,068

59,559,274

44,271,882

  Articulación de la política de hidrocarburos 26,369,998,031

4,392,972,752

4,393,899,320

4,394,435,003

4,394,423,760

4,394,482,605

4,394,155,524

1,346,842

998,059

1,000,179

654,849

593,386

1,035,755

  Articulación de la política energética 272,180,310

9,119,018

11,129,483

17,538,522

17,686,593

33,432,344

32,534,343

28,392,151

25,723,620

25,267,519

23,391,395

22,505,309

25,460,014

  Articulación de la política nuclear y eléctrica 18,432,070

1,248,408

1,669,819

1,802,983

1,952,194

2,069,937

1,786,726

1,220,261

890,039

893,952

2,320,516

1,376,304

1,200,933

  Investigación y desarrollo en materia nuclear y eléctrica 555,261,185

16,054,032

14,771,150

355,514,162

17,534,644

15,670,874

14,703,173

17,289,771

16,769,029

16,218,584

19,076,309

35,084,275

16,575,182

20 Bienestar 39,100,000,000

3,458,493,234

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,225,715,704

  Sembrando Vida 39,100,000,000

3,458,493,234

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,227,501,712

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,255,656,500

3,225,715,704

21 Turismo 499,775

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

499,775

0

0

0

0

  Fomento y promoción de destinos turísticos 499,775

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

499,775

0

0

0

0

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 163,218,420

14,232,326

12,256,371

12,068,022

15,726,863

17,670,604

14,536,919

15,928,328

16,438,750

14,137,395

17,473,443

12,749,399

0

  Becas de posgrado y apoyos a la calidad 163,218,420

14,232,326

12,256,371

12,068,022

15,726,863

17,670,604

14,536,919

15,928,328

16,438,750

14,137,395

17,473,443

12,749,399

0

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 33,143,784

0

0

0

0

0

7,000,000

9,000,000

9,000,000

8,143,784

0

0

0

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 33,143,784

0

0

0

0

0

7,000,000

9,000,000

9,000,000

8,143,784

0

0

0

54 Mujeres 95,663,725

12,919

22,481

49,098

79,217,454

101,479

852,296

11,441,077

606,377

631,189

1,517,391

611,129

600,837

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 17,168,064

12,919

22,481

49,098

721,793

101,479

852,296

11,441,077

606,377

631,189

1,517,391

611,129

600,837

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 78,495,661

0

0

0

78,495,661

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.               Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                       Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 17 Erogaciones para el Desarrollo de los Jóvenes   (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 735,177,831,833

66,005,778,769

52,755,342,959

72,744,115,175

55,203,896,036

91,998,771,402

46,952,650,381

59,810,345,756

43,339,545,576

73,651,875,417

39,576,616,357

84,525,813,362

48,613,080,643

                              4 Gobernación 130,264,952

12,278,960

9,705,200

10,502,100

10,228,400

12,078,525

9,917,604

10,665,504

9,846,154

10,812,603

10,106,101

11,994,722

12,129,080

  Servicios de atención a refugiados en el país 6,517,712

263,300

575,500

470,000

759,300

349,678

785,104

294,804

713,000

470,723

635,155

288,348

912,800

  Servicios migratorios 123,747,240

12,015,660

9,129,700

10,032,100

9,469,100

11,728,847

9,132,500

10,370,700

9,133,154

10,341,880

9,470,945

11,706,374

11,216,280

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 77,546,993

3,045,761

0

17,071,528

19,124,476

10,309,568

10,205,150

11,075,451

6,715,059

0

0

0

0

  Inclusión financiera para el bienestar 77,546,993

3,045,761

0

17,071,528

19,124,476

10,309,568

10,205,150

11,075,451

6,715,059

0

0

0

0

7 Defensa Nacional 45,451,107,627

3,864,427,435

3,386,096,466

3,246,984,672

3,417,600,805

3,541,365,955

3,764,751,315

3,381,394,325

3,954,926,572

3,448,968,041

3,424,024,997

6,240,055,453

3,780,511,591

  Defensa de la Integridad, la Independencia, la Soberanía del Territorio Nacional 44,673,431,516

3,644,747,772

3,266,519,630

3,170,309,069

3,340,925,202

3,450,389,946

3,673,124,115

3,304,694,617

3,949,728,897

3,443,770,366

3,418,827,322

6,234,969,222

3,775,425,358

  Fortalecimiento de las capacidades de auxilio a la población civil mediante el Plan DN-III-E 62,655,795

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,573

5,173,574

5,824,765

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,197,675

5,086,231

5,086,233

  Programa de Becas para los hijos del Personal de las Fuerzas Armadas en activo 715,020,316

214,506,090

114,403,263

71,502,030

71,502,030

85,802,435

85,802,435

71,502,033

0

0

0

0

0

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 4,896,104,837

646,115,285

328,468,228

387,847,000

788,944,329

518,669,918

457,276,538

415,901,968

378,795,249

327,007,849

287,129,635

165,538,979

194,409,860

  Acopio para el Bienestar 775,838,830

120,396,203

88,998,111

78,966,856

82,165,488

98,651,510

83,090,644

80,677,073

65,788,768

35,328,241

14,919,978

14,919,978

11,935,982

  Desarrollo y aplicación de programas y proyectos educativos y de investigación en el sector agroalimentario 2,888,911,730

252,502,167

222,612,606

226,934,470

232,612,055

309,805,714

272,808,861

286,930,913

266,738,788

251,642,357

267,801,543

121,048,580

177,473,676

  Fertilizantes para el Bienestar 525,000,003

240,909,988

2,869,847

62,446,921

63,371,141

67,688,816

64,217,016

4,198,563

3,943,284

3,813,905

3,811,440

3,812,056

3,917,025

  Producción para el Bienestar 561,620,737

0

96,432

2,217,939

395,332,675

31,167,621

26,144,740

26,933,632

26,144,740

26,144,740

596,675

25,758,365

1,083,177

  Programa de Abasto Rural 144,733,538

32,306,927

13,891,232

17,280,814

15,462,969

11,356,257

11,015,277

17,161,787

16,179,669

10,078,606

0

0

0

11 Educación Pública 394,143,579,169

35,379,490,738

27,739,795,170

46,705,210,727

28,977,366,610

61,807,748,553

20,498,844,692

26,087,795,465

16,439,541,339

46,507,841,387

14,075,579,852

54,260,332,102

15,664,032,535

  Apoyos a centros y organizaciones de educación 599,028,622

0

80,429,000

80,322,000

84,754,037

44,940,301

41,471,155

43,502,284

103,325,279

52,460,623

62,888,999

2,354,801

2,580,143

  Atención de Planteles Públicos de Educación Media Superior con estudiantes con discapacidad (PAPPEMS) 31,077,999

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

12,846,443

18,231,556

0

0

0

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 75,043,880,000

8,086,475,133

105,995,519

8,207,687,951

96,548,993

21,330,895,666

95,776,764

356,591,708

96,548,992

14,673,252,002

96,936,764

21,407,624,887

489,545,622

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 41,282,230,000

7,864,115,932

0

7,982,077,671

0

8,101,835,782

0

119,758,111

0

6,788,232,935

1,940,000

9,522,765,764

901,503,804

Expansión de la Educación Inicial 54,084,756

0

4,563,971

44,249,804

707,011

4,563,971

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Expansión de la Educación Media Superior y Superior 858,477,837

0

0

0

0

300,000,000

258,477,837

300,000,000

0

0

0

0

0

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios de Educación Especial (PFSEE) 189,600,613

0

1,040,314

0

188,560,299

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 8,552,208,989

1,033,278,253

639,631,648

799,545,024

667,344,358

626,267,170

733,212,110

698,933,597

562,080,445

766,032,812

592,140,198

679,458,666

754,284,707

  Jóvenes Escribiendo el Futuro 10,752,500,000

1,890,167,960

0

1,979,412,769

42,302,072

2,078,895,294

30,986,192

139,674,299

30,986,192

1,722,189,104

30,986,192

2,628,778,258

178,121,669

  La Escuela es Nuestra 14,840,265,063

0

0

0

7,420,132,532

6,678,119,278

742,013,253

0

0

0

0

0

0

  La Normal es Nuestra 822,379,127

1,106,973

1,106,973

1,106,973

1,106,973

1,106,973

405,266,973

406,042,415

1,106,973

1,106,973

1,106,973

1,106,973

1,106,981

  Producción y distribución de libros y materiales educativos 1,057,614,644

3,745,012

5,025,345

291,686,191

401,378,422

194,422,931

44,510,010

44,689,470

46,126,875

10,182,459

6,193,829

7,967,679

1,686,421

  Programa de Becas Elisa Acuña 1,739,209,727

12,533,760

7,807,450

407,886,028

76,722,169

331,359,378

49,980,350

76,247,190

24,243,841

76,982,889

55,914,027

536,311,811

83,220,834

  Programa de Cultura Física y Deporte 1,527,570,187

180,180,092

35,043,895

473,984,796

79,328,414

98,831,645

73,363,436

88,246,124

73,852,595

158,152,270

128,365,928

67,520,726

70,700,265

  Programa Nacional de Inglés 447,161,849

0

8,943,238

223,491,492

65,732,792

0

148,994,328

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para el Desarrollo Profesional Docente 209,929,723

0

0

181,387

149,196,247

60,462

60,462

24,294,156

60,462

60,462

23,528,565

12,427,058

60,462

  Servicios de atención al deporte 40,331,186

4,744,543

5,305,190

5,796,277

3,525,299

3,199,313

3,052,648

4,234,125

2,425,471

2,467,452

2,063,049

2,096,192

1,421,627

  Servicios de desarrollo Cultural 4,826,113,300

648,970,975

418,138,894

445,054,588

377,913,218

310,214,290

450,371,324

382,523,807

288,864,798

388,065,782

312,497,950

358,979,603

444,518,071

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 687,609,446

50,252,929

60,117,787

87,086,875

59,128,124

67,779,939

107,407,165

50,523,015

50,041,504

67,580,511

53,936,068

30,259,424

3,496,105

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 51,359,389,544

4,131,105,616

3,680,540,924

3,749,010,758

4,216,450,569

4,315,036,825

3,971,819,557

5,100,900,685

3,658,474,411

3,636,210,902

4,382,570,392

4,898,396,778

5,618,872,127

  Servicios de educación para Adultos (INEA) 284,371,958

20,601,278

19,485,403

33,770,394

30,025,471

33,203,304

23,824,591

20,206,252

20,351,699

19,027,635

25,200,417

25,518,882

13,156,633

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 67,780,304,104

6,175,521,297

5,331,895,784

6,550,637,361

5,105,886,927

5,157,081,781

5,577,711,364

6,701,471,263

4,282,464,369

5,435,774,941

4,396,244,912

6,248,488,243

6,817,125,861

  Servicios de mantenimiento e infraestructura física educativa 110,119,922

9,376,210

9,369,253

10,617,581

13,292,960

10,246,395

9,810,575

9,203,423

8,210,236

8,798,007

7,231,479

10,045,336

3,918,468

  Servicios de normalización y certificación en competencias laborales 2,082,249,590

119,141,446

137,753,059

117,909,969

150,595,421

291,202,271

137,754,149

183,192,531

137,754,459

123,360,203

205,076,583

215,329,267

263,180,231

  Servicios de producción y distribución de libros y materiales culturales 9,936,600

1,590,651

1,590,282

1,606,480

1,583,408

1,596,661

1,595,560

51,966

51,966

51,966

51,966

51,966

113,729

  Servicios de producción y transmisión de materiales educativos, culturales y artísticos 219,328,441

11,298,787

16,774,786

18,148,401

19,967,751

17,964,845

17,929,772

26,621,661

19,317,397

19,498,909

18,869,713

20,201,644

12,734,774

  Subsidios para organismos descentralizados estatales 108,736,605,942

5,135,283,890

17,169,236,457

15,193,939,956

9,725,183,143

11,808,924,078

7,573,455,118

11,310,887,383

7,020,406,931

12,540,120,993

3,671,835,849

7,584,648,144

2,684,000

12 Salud 1,356,858,150

44,017,372

96,339,988

128,579,722

232,145,507

118,873,526

62,250,296

140,491,071

77,041,185

83,206,610

115,285,228

116,247,004

142,380,639

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 179,440,090

516,439

48,299,573

51,896,562

5,388,402

8,147,511

9,532,349

9,407,570

18,349,094

2,892,304

19,619,700

2,410,928

2,979,658

  Programa de Atención a Personas con Discapacidad 2,664,318

0

0

0

0

0

0

2,664,318

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de atención a la salud mental y prevención de las adicciones 921,231,225

39,352,134

43,092,743

64,591,300

147,193,709

71,045,807

44,180,126

87,487,948

48,011,255

68,033,871

82,333,952

99,548,522

126,359,857

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 253,522,516

4,148,799

4,947,671

12,091,861

79,563,396

39,680,208

8,537,821

40,931,235

10,680,836

12,280,435

13,331,576

14,287,554

13,041,125

13 Marina 617,138,375

42,773,191

52,565,152

69,168,815

86,708,965

65,265,231

68,649,370

41,250,865

41,120,090

36,409,509

36,118,856

45,539,571

31,568,760

  Administración y Operación de Capitanías de Puerto y Asuntos Marítimos 7,309,228

636,534

656,233

615,636

636,534

615,636

600,348

618,811

557,384

557,384

578,283

728,220

508,225

  Sistema Educativo Naval 609,829,147

42,136,657

51,908,919

68,553,179

86,072,431

64,649,595

68,049,022

40,632,054

40,562,706

35,852,125

35,540,573

44,811,351

31,060,535

14 Trabajo y Previsión Social 24,569,793,190

2,849,852,378

2,515,835,752

2,282,692,702

2,108,417,263

2,053,049,426

1,877,719,959

1,871,203,862

1,699,683,684

1,844,936,123

1,693,962,575

1,994,507,638

1,777,931,828

  Articulación de Políticas Integrales de Juventud 50,869,285

5,262,439

6,935,502

7,390,114

6,969,444

7,651,824

7,105,167

4,283,159

1,112,413

144,842

120,197

907,034

2,987,150

  Jóvenes Construyendo el Futuro 24,499,498,902

2,842,838,991

2,507,304,252

2,273,664,959

2,099,854,405

2,043,773,952

1,868,987,238

1,865,302,554

1,696,888,238

1,843,588,488

1,692,546,218

1,992,447,350

1,772,302,257

  Programa de Apoyo al Empleo (PAE) 19,425,003

1,750,948

1,595,998

1,637,629

1,593,414

1,623,650

1,627,554

1,618,149

1,683,033

1,202,793

1,296,160

1,153,254

2,642,421

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 6,317,917,466

0

0

688,786,171

636,150,704

769,137,553

1,261,026,349

659,588,964

541,186,771

714,260,405

429,337,642

612,747,668

5,695,238

  Programa de Vivienda Social 6,317,917,466

0

0

688,786,171

636,150,704

769,137,553

1,261,026,349

659,588,964

541,186,771

714,260,405

429,337,642

612,747,668

5,695,238

                            19 Aportaciones a Seguridad Social 8,316,990,000

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,070,279

  Seguro de Enfermedad y Maternidad 8,316,990,000

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,083,611

693,070,279

20 Bienestar 3,644,403,160

500,282,725

223,665,004

376,411,061

238,268,360

486,808,040

226,536,612

380,372,983

213,023,570

365,769,627

227,626,926

267,475,516

138,162,736

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas con Discapacidad Permanente 2,175,960,000

437,612,575

95,859,932

236,169,276

110,463,288

346,566,255

95,859,932

250,772,631

95,859,932

236,169,276

110,463,288

140,746,650

19,416,967

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 198,720,000

32,512,678

10,341,633

22,778,346

10,341,633

22,778,346

13,213,241

22,778,346

10,341,633

22,778,346

10,341,633

19,906,861

607,302

  Programa para el Bienestar de las Personas en Emergencia Social o Natural 30,577,503

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

2,548,125

  Sembrando Vida 1,239,145,657

27,609,347

114,915,314

114,915,314

114,915,314

114,915,314

114,915,314

104,273,880

104,273,880

104,273,880

104,273,880

104,273,880

115,590,341

25 Previsiones y Aportaciones para los Sistemas de Educación Básica, Normal, Tecnológica y de Adultos 16,648,830,582

1,452,546,255

1,237,916,567

1,539,415,846

1,298,656,048

1,540,960,779

1,565,533,747

2,416,093,198

1,020,774,907

1,397,158,532

996,422,400

1,140,537,937

1,042,814,366

  Becas para la población atendida por el sector educativo 96,291,894

0

0

0

96,291,894

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de educación básica en la Ciudad de México 15,183,685,300

1,298,149,650

1,090,082,316

1,353,637,606

1,073,216,170

1,428,424,312

1,435,988,292

2,224,329,383

985,151,097

1,344,147,359

953,350,542

1,008,639,288

988,569,285

  Servicios de educación normal en la Ciudad de México 1,368,853,388

154,396,605

147,834,251

185,778,240

129,147,984

112,536,467

129,545,455

191,763,815

35,623,810

53,011,173

43,071,858

131,898,649

54,245,081

33 Aportaciones Federales para Entidades Federativas y Municipios 152,930,116,663

14,349,176,784

11,906,697,990

11,137,318,210

10,856,614,742

13,897,464,669

10,679,048,852

15,966,752,766

11,832,379,218

11,624,856,410

11,392,305,374

12,615,908,056

16,671,593,591

  FAETA Educación de Adultos 592,970,957

71,527,594

46,949,681

44,387,475

42,078,124

47,617,277

42,078,124

51,668,703

44,288,646

45,209,098

44,288,646

58,409,462

54,468,127

  FAETA Educación Tecnológica 6,858,303,461

726,554,867

513,656,848

513,656,848

513,656,848

513,656,848

513,656,845

488,908,209

493,628,088

488,908,209

488,908,209

750,862,199

852,249,443

  FAM Infraestructura Educativa Básica 4,105,341,223

342,453,880

342,453,880

342,453,880

342,453,880

342,453,880

342,453,881

341,769,657

341,769,657

341,769,657

341,769,657

341,769,657

341,769,656

  FAM Infraestructura Educativa Media Superior y Superior 730,958,784

60,974,145

60,974,145

60,974,145

60,974,145

60,974,145

60,974,145

60,852,319

60,852,319

60,852,319

60,852,319

60,852,319

60,852,318

  FONE Fondo de Compensación 3,581,888,431

113,858,722

474,800,161

109,182,891

472,981,761

109,182,891

472,981,761

473,847,844

109,828,342

109,963,488

471,094,735

107,295,865

556,869,971

  FONE Gasto de Operación 4,978,255,268

391,960,766

391,747,731

596,505,615

397,646,308

758,932,238

359,270,512

399,033,455

342,737,405

380,923,254

327,290,626

295,003,611

337,203,749

  FONE Otros de Gasto Corriente 3,287,914,537

406,962,607

241,297,399

351,391,815

241,077,460

251,364,206

236,501,657

318,967,273

148,594,226

215,293,762

218,466,415

233,675,599

424,322,117

  FONE Servicios Personales 128,794,484,002

12,234,884,202

9,834,818,145

9,118,765,540

8,785,746,215

11,813,283,184

8,651,131,928

13,831,705,308

10,290,680,535

9,981,936,623

9,439,634,768

10,768,039,345

14,043,858,209

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 105,883,746

8,581,597

13,039,659

10,447,414

10,067,018

9,987,898

10,129,449

9,962,920

9,955,885

9,700,000

9,664,000

4,346,288

1,620

  Política en materia de gestión documental 2,064,775

1,513,261

437,785

64,888

778

365

9,540

0

0

0

0

38,159

0

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 90,657,290

0

9,580,000

9,580,000

9,700,000

9,580,000

9,700,000

9,580,000

9,580,000

9,700,000

9,664,000

3,993,290

0

  Servicios de preservación y divulgación del patrimonio documental que resguarda el Archivo General de la Nación y de la memoria histórica de México 13,161,681

7,068,336

3,021,874

802,526

366,240

407,533

419,909

382,920

375,885

0

0

314,840

1,620

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 58,877,397,313

4,801,895,924

3,590,249,358

4,436,065,025

4,014,970,097

4,749,109,427

4,194,694,353

6,131,385,516

4,955,161,370

5,132,503,222

4,892,965,392

4,802,107,946

7,176,289,684

  Servicios de atención a la salud 58,100,450,897

4,730,732,070

3,527,683,163

4,382,781,099

3,959,791,101

4,684,630,306

4,136,569,888

6,063,344,825

4,889,848,203

5,069,501,583

4,821,536,612

4,740,328,491

7,093,703,555

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 776,946,416

71,163,853

62,566,195

53,283,926

55,178,996

64,479,120

58,124,466

68,040,690

65,313,167

63,001,639

71,428,781

61,779,455

82,586,128

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 6,407,102,590

941,988,384

541,942,836

556,847,935

482,967,553

610,769,689

463,432,782

443,561,382

434,580,714

414,551,539

427,524,729

715,885,510

373,049,535

  Servicios de atención a la salud 5,297,639,175

818,597,767

450,437,467

458,199,250

396,626,710

503,826,468

379,820,124

365,334,992

351,374,961

345,606,846

346,824,021

577,052,667

303,937,902

  Servicios de atención a personas con discapacidad 338,915

0

0

28,378

44,563

44,563

44,563

44,563

44,563

29,241

29,241

29,240

0

  Servicios de estancias de bienestar y desarrollo infantil 359,775,492

53,402,622

25,249,257

26,384,664

25,567,468

34,352,777

25,548,753

25,629,165

24,495,185

25,076,644

23,628,585

44,932,642

25,507,730

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 749,349,008

69,987,996

66,256,112

72,235,644

60,728,813

72,545,881

58,019,342

52,552,662

58,666,006

43,838,807

57,042,882

93,870,961

43,603,903

54 Mujeres 753,843,043

16,978,208

20,697,818

58,438,476

255,434,205

36,941,690

32,402,364

149,580,685

31,544,976

40,624,728

49,972,289

32,861,252

28,366,353

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 321,203,366

16,537,455

20,163,083

23,389,637

36,736,618

26,141,917

23,311,924

34,304,291

24,985,256

33,733,153

33,995,716

26,146,600

21,757,716

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 171,680,641

129,185

224,805

490,975

7,217,930

1,014,790

8,522,961

114,410,768

6,063,773

6,311,890

15,173,907

6,111,288

6,008,369

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 188,389,587

0

0

0

188,389,587

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 72,569,449

311,568

309,930

34,557,864

23,090,070

9,784,983

567,479

865,626

495,947

579,685

802,666

603,364

600,268

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 9,932,953,978

399,244,160

399,244,160

399,244,160

1,077,147,344

1,077,147,344

1,077,147,337

1,000,185,222

1,000,185,222

1,000,185,222

815,506,749

806,644,109

881,072,949

  Atención a la salud y medicamentos gratuitos para la población sin seguridad social laboral 4,846,104,306

42,019,065

42,019,065

42,019,065

262,619,159

262,619,159

262,619,159

642,960,127

642,960,127

642,960,127

642,960,127

642,960,127

717,388,999

  Servicios de atención a la salud 5,086,849,672

357,225,095

357,225,095

357,225,095

814,528,185

814,528,185

814,528,178

357,225,095

357,225,095

357,225,095

172,546,622

163,683,982

163,683,950

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.               Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026         Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 18 Recursos para la Atención de Niñas, Niños y Adolescentes           (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

Total 1_/ 1,100,200,114,688

98,109,626,868

70,577,345,095

90,737,708,555

81,259,404,155

136,987,347,292

67,870,832,579

96,735,917,018

70,508,826,239

103,065,743,683

69,339,569,305

119,050,131,740

95,957,662,158

                              4 Gobernación 267,921,099

16,159,787

13,998,152

19,425,706

30,309,317

25,259,118

19,044,158

27,712,900

19,159,212

20,697,595

33,097,853

21,481,518

21,575,783

  Coordinación con las instancias que integran el Sistema Nacional de Protección Integral de Niñas, Niños y Adolescentes 76,787,886

3,128,300

3,151,800

4,268,800

11,417,663

4,068,300

4,268,800

11,387,100

4,098,400

4,268,800

17,575,798

5,223,062

3,931,063

  Planeación demográfica del país 11,939,709

773,400

668,700

732,895

853,403

1,545,824

668,700

1,685,474

674,739

767,348

1,480,734

658,470

1,430,022

  Política para la protección y defensa de los derechos humanos 44,376,987

637,804

558,300

4,129,800

4,132,713

4,373,138

4,076,400

4,370,081

4,496,074

4,547,945

4,288,598

4,381,913

4,384,221

  Política para promover la protección de los derechos humanos y prevenir la discriminación 668,866

32,100

42,352

50,211

59,639

48,245

57,178

49,957

50,650

54,810

51,996

47,553

124,174

  Servicios de atención a refugiados en el país 12,113,414

490,300

1,070,600

874,700

1,412,700

650,449

1,460,580

548,988

1,326,400

875,857

1,181,545

536,931

1,684,365

  Servicios de registro e Identificación de Población 18,911,537

1,085,100

898,600

1,009,500

4,542,600

4,666,223

903,200

1,030,200

903,237

1,565,718

627,327

881,546

798,286

  Servicios migratorios 103,122,700

10,012,783

7,607,800

8,359,800

7,890,600

9,906,939

7,609,300

8,641,100

7,609,712

8,617,117

7,891,855

9,752,042

9,223,652

5 Relaciones Exteriores 3,246,390

1,161,684

0

0

650,340

0

0

717,183

0

0

717,184

0

0

  Atención y servicios integrales de protección y asistencia consular 3,246,390

1,161,684

0

0

650,340

0

0

717,183

0

0

717,184

0

0

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 422,114,131

16,579,094

0

92,926,017

104,100,897

56,118,417

55,550,036

60,287,369

36,552,302

0

0

0

0

  Inclusión financiera para el bienestar 422,114,131

16,579,094

0

92,926,017

104,100,897

56,118,417

55,550,036

60,287,369

36,552,302

0

0

0

0

7 Defensa Nacional 1,459,155,601

295,745,323

193,842,949

150,417,544

154,429,748

164,572,647

167,056,600

151,112,577

77,811,001

31,737,698

18,909,644

32,540,954

20,978,916

  Programa de Becas para los hijos del Personal de las Fuerzas Armadas en activo 715,020,316

214,506,090

114,403,263

71,502,030

71,502,030

85,802,435

85,802,435

71,502,033

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios Públicos de Transporte Masivo de Personas y Carga Tren Maya 744,135,285

81,239,233

79,439,686

78,915,514

82,927,718

78,770,212

81,254,165

79,610,544

77,811,001

31,737,698

18,909,644

32,540,954

20,978,916

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 1,830,229,971

329,717,811

308,314,866

343,483,741

195,997,509

103,474,538

91,117,657

95,834,397

89,090,264

84,048,084

89,445,222

40,430,003

59,275,881

  Desarrollo y aplicación de programas y proyectos educativos y de investigación en el sector agroalimentario 964,891,198

84,335,259

74,352,201

75,795,695

77,691,998

103,474,538

91,117,657

95,834,397

89,090,264

84,048,084

89,445,222

40,430,003

59,275,881

  Programa de Abasto Social y Precios de Garantía a cargo de Leche para el Bienestar, S.A. de C.V. 865,338,774

245,382,552

233,962,665

267,688,046

118,305,510

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

11 Educación Pública 297,603,119,677

25,979,038,993

11,225,129,358

31,073,673,720

23,755,174,274

64,642,743,157

10,348,389,961

10,815,005,498

7,758,814,108

39,034,437,771

7,827,381,035

53,613,589,207

11,529,742,595

  Apoyos a centros y organizaciones de educación 10,074,643,409

326,793,069

262,943,366

262,333,108

301,493,984

317,084,012

290,284,627

273,330,044

664,275,834

394,580,209

957,880,390

1,925,481,479

4,098,163,287

  Atención de Planteles Públicos de Educación Media Superior con estudiantes con discapacidad (PAPPEMS) 31,077,999

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

12,846,443

18,231,556

0

0

0

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 129,386,000,000

13,942,198,505

182,750,894

14,151,186,123

166,463,781

36,777,406,321

165,132,351

614,813,289

166,463,780

25,298,710,349

167,132,351

36,909,698,081

844,044,175

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 36,175,150,000

6,891,235,610

0

6,994,604,145

0

7,099,546,820

0

104,942,675

0

5,948,451,541

1,700,000

8,344,691,649

789,977,560

Expansión de la Educación Inicial 1,412,328,961

0

66,177,570

710,343,221

10,251,662

66,177,570

559,378,940

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios de Educación Especial (PFSEE) 626,506,375

0

3,437,559

0

623,068,816

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  La Escuela es Nuestra 25,556,316,050

0

0

0

12,778,158,026

11,500,342,222

1,277,815,802

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Producción y distribución de libros y materiales educativos 3,011,593,525

10,661,227

14,306,057

830,366,584

1,142,657,491

553,479,424

126,710,231

127,221,117

131,413,018

29,653,410

17,641,863

22,682,234

4,800,869

  Programa de Cultura Física y Deporte 258,792,215

30,525,082

5,936,936

80,299,796

13,439,367

16,743,493

12,428,814

14,950,154

12,511,685

26,793,254

21,747,022

11,438,976

11,977,635

  Programa Nacional de Inglés 765,875,431

0

15,317,510

382,784,541

112,583,688

0

255,189,693

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para el Desarrollo Profesional Docente 121,405,901

0

0

604,622

94,522,363

201,540

201,540

12,501,540

201,540

201,540

201,540

12,568,136

201,540

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 4,954,679,953

362,105,531

433,188,338

627,518,423

426,057,159

488,399,205

773,939,531

364,051,666

360,582,068

486,962,189

388,644,975

218,039,126

25,191,742

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 51,359,389,544

4,131,105,616

3,680,540,924

3,749,010,758

4,216,450,569

4,315,036,825

3,971,819,557

5,100,900,685

3,658,474,411

3,636,210,902

4,382,570,392

4,898,396,778

5,618,872,127

  Servicios de educación para Adultos (INEA) 178,748,088

12,949,375

12,247,967

21,227,105

18,873,153

20,870,648

14,975,457

12,701,072

12,792,497

11,960,228

15,840,262

16,040,440

8,269,884

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 4,965,062

391,607

319,441

345,784

413,488

593,886

365,135

318,357

453,101

356,060

378,072

728,201

301,929

  Servicios de mantenimiento e infraestructura física educativa 219,865,312

18,693,262

18,678,171

21,222,352

25,810,994

20,015,940

19,303,059

18,355,042

16,161,471

17,331,255

14,541,098

20,034,310

9,718,360

  Servicios de normalización y certificación en competencias laborales 902,817,574

51,657,108

59,726,693

51,123,166

65,294,859

126,258,893

59,727,166

79,428,248

59,727,300

53,486,268

88,916,691

93,362,029

114,109,154

  Servicios de producción y distribución de libros y materiales culturales 8,434,913

1,350,261

1,349,947

1,363,697

1,344,112

1,355,362

1,354,428

44,112

44,112

44,112

44,112

44,112

96,542

  Servicios de producción y transmisión de materiales educativos, culturales y artísticos 69,856,611

3,564,741

5,292,405

6,384,785

6,299,778

5,667,866

5,656,801

8,399,070

6,094,593

6,151,860

5,953,350

6,373,571

4,017,791

  Subsidios para organismos descentralizados estatales 32,484,672,754

195,808,000

6,462,915,579

3,182,955,509

3,751,990,985

3,333,563,131

2,814,106,830

4,083,048,427

2,656,772,255

3,105,313,037

1,764,188,916

1,134,010,085

0

12 Salud 10,834,679,728

321,748,623

960,278,198

1,393,051,160

943,562,051

689,176,983

622,943,965

1,010,021,331

639,844,985

559,164,106

1,318,966,562

730,989,907

1,644,931,857

  Investigación, desarrollo tecnológico y formación en salud 1,043,316,366

53,513,811

66,636,164

84,581,585

84,826,805

88,565,200

69,690,897

104,610,417

61,758,290

82,385,560

98,384,846

112,296,713

136,066,078

  Política de prevención y control de enfermedades 480,131,410

6,946,788

8,540,964

256,339,441

10,045,391

16,977,623

86,327,147

26,395,571

12,617,724

12,422,828

12,756,082

15,986,218

14,775,632

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 1,748,746,303

5,629,188

523,702,194

558,273,588

38,391,780

70,116,153

68,924,331

71,541,855

181,305,885

10,750,937

186,742,894

14,674,329

18,693,169

  Programa de Atención a Personas con Discapacidad 666,079

0

0

0

0

0

0

666,079

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de atención a la salud 4,780,327,878

218,669,590

320,743,846

431,755,889

369,130,438

438,621,522

355,457,450

486,144,614

337,502,513

388,332,242

448,503,785

492,767,585

492,698,403

  Servicios de atención a la salud mental y prevención de las adicciones 841,635,347

35,952,046

39,369,460

59,010,506

134,475,932

64,907,334

40,362,891

79,928,847

43,863,005

62,155,634

75,220,165

90,947,368

115,442,160

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 63,380,629

1,037,200

1,236,918

3,022,966

19,890,849

9,920,052

2,134,456

10,232,809

2,670,209

3,070,109

3,332,894

3,571,886

3,260,281

  Servicios de vacunación 1,876,475,716

0

48,652

67,185

286,800,854

69,099

46,794

230,501,138

127,359

46,795

494,025,897

745,809

863,996,134

14 Trabajo y Previsión Social 30,713,440

3,181,448

4,185,256

4,458,418

4,204,910

4,616,798

4,286,917

2,591,537

686,306

88,755

73,567

546,090

1,793,438

  Articulación de Políticas Integrales de Juventud 30,521,571

3,157,463

4,161,301

4,434,068

4,181,666

4,591,094

4,263,100

2,569,895

667,448

86,905

72,118

544,220

1,792,290

  Implementación de la política laboral 191,869

23,984

23,955

24,350

23,243

25,704

23,817

21,642

18,858

1,850

1,449

1,870

1,148

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 23,826,236

350,263

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

1,121,296

0

  Investigación y capacitación en cambio climático, sustentabilidad y crecimiento Verde 23,826,236

350,263

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

2,483,853

1,121,296

0

20 Bienestar 13,258,907,209

2,518,966,614

631,364,363

1,458,064,463

693,302,220

1,957,794,788

672,392,021

1,524,168,987

620,797,696

1,438,514,463

673,752,220

961,375,645

108,413,727

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas con Discapacidad Permanente 9,849,845,600

1,980,926,256

433,925,958

1,069,059,588

500,030,482

1,568,789,913

433,925,958

1,135,164,112

433,925,958

1,069,059,588

500,030,482

637,113,168

87,894,139

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 3,127,521,600

511,695,358

162,760,071

358,493,208

162,760,071

358,493,208

207,954,396

358,493,208

162,760,071

358,493,208

162,760,071

313,300,810

9,557,921

  Programa para el Bienestar de las Personas en Emergencia Social o Natural 81,540,009

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

6,795,001

  Salud Casa por Casa 200,000,000

19,550,000

27,883,333

23,716,667

23,716,667

23,716,667

23,716,667

23,716,667

17,316,667

4,166,667

4,166,667

4,166,667

4,166,667

22 Instituto Nacional Electoral 7,810,728

577,765

600,018

608,234

600,018

608,234

600,018

534,013

522,828

531,044

587,237

533,622

1,507,697

  Capacitación y educación para el ejercicio democrático de la ciudadanía 2,248,964

156,913

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

162,716

464,891

  Tecnologías de información y comunicaciones 5,561,764

420,852

437,302

445,518

437,302

445,518

437,302

371,297

360,112

368,328

424,521

370,906

1,042,806

25 Previsiones y Aportaciones para los Sistemas de Educación Básica, Normal, Tecnológica y de Adultos 48,615,406,375

4,142,149,490

3,478,246,062

4,319,201,040

3,591,573,795

4,557,831,246

4,581,966,470

7,097,413,476

3,143,430,430

4,288,919,460

3,041,960,887

3,218,376,797

3,154,337,222

  Becas para la población atendida por el sector educativo 167,144,409

0

0

0

167,144,409

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de educación básica en la Ciudad de México 48,448,261,966

4,142,149,490

3,478,246,062

4,319,201,040

3,424,429,386

4,557,831,246

4,581,966,470

7,097,413,476

3,143,430,430

4,288,919,460

3,041,960,887

3,218,376,797

3,154,337,222

33 Aportaciones Federales para Entidades Federativas y Municipios 598,673,278,854

55,754,094,062

46,525,335,655

43,724,240,178

42,464,197,016

54,512,022,088

41,852,527,720

62,486,627,020

46,303,217,811

45,644,140,281

45,007,315,858

49,332,127,924

65,067,433,242

  FAETA Educación de Adultos 59,297,096

7,152,760

4,694,968

4,438,748

4,207,813

4,761,728

4,207,813

5,166,871

4,428,865

4,520,910

4,428,865

5,840,947

5,446,809

  FAETA Educación Tecnológica 6,059,817,648

641,964,887

453,853,763

453,853,763

453,853,763

453,853,763

453,853,760

431,986,512

436,156,874

431,986,512

431,986,512

663,442,210

753,025,328

  FAM Asistencia Social 14,095,293,371

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,782

1,174,607,773

  FAM Infraestructura Educativa Básica 15,021,372,934

1,253,032,859

1,253,032,859

1,253,032,859

1,253,032,859

1,253,032,859

1,253,032,860

1,250,529,297

1,250,529,297

1,250,529,297

1,250,529,297

1,250,529,297

1,250,529,294

  FAM Infraestructura Educativa Media Superior y Superior 1,030,278,416

85,942,392

85,942,392

85,942,392

85,942,392

85,942,392

85,942,390

85,770,678

85,770,678

85,770,678

85,770,678

85,770,678

85,770,675

  FASSA 16,010,396,395

1,512,658,739

1,040,913,931

1,219,163,930

1,040,913,931

1,295,990,937

1,119,088,797

1,172,000,696

1,036,881,624

1,173,348,538

1,436,501,877

1,847,296,684

2,115,636,711

  FONE Fondo de Compensación 13,915,650,470

442,341,577

1,844,600,470

424,175,955

1,837,535,979

424,175,955

1,837,535,979

1,840,900,714

426,683,536

427,208,580

1,830,204,875

416,844,851

2,163,441,999

  FONE Gasto de Operación 19,340,541,058

1,522,769,100

1,521,941,455

2,317,426,631

1,544,857,453

2,948,454,694

1,395,767,334

1,550,246,521

1,331,536,150

1,479,888,320

1,271,525,353

1,146,090,173

1,310,037,874

  FONE Otros de Gasto Corriente 12,773,560,750

1,581,051,310

937,441,333

1,365,158,568

936,586,869

976,550,915

918,809,857

1,239,189,093

577,289,146

836,417,101

848,742,872

907,830,611

1,648,493,075

  FONE Servicios Personales 500,367,070,716

47,532,572,656

38,208,306,702

35,426,439,551

34,132,658,176

45,894,651,064

33,609,681,149

53,736,228,856

39,979,333,859

38,779,862,562

36,673,017,746

41,833,874,691

54,560,443,704

35 Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos 9,783,561

590,805

742,516

645,434

749,570

1,163,863

744,823

688,088

736,264

635,228

862,621

857,248

1,367,101

  Atender asuntos relacionados con las niñas, niños y adolescentes y las familias. 9,783,561

590,805

742,516

645,434

749,570

1,163,863

744,823

688,088

736,264

635,228

862,621

857,248

1,367,101

36 Seguridad y Protección Ciudadana 1,237,103,189

102,703,276

103,255,629

123,308,867

113,981,170

108,562,018

113,816,731

110,321,971

107,671,208

108,805,874

106,057,270

113,444,831

25,174,343

  Articulación de la política en materia de seguridad nacional y pública 2,275,192

183,731

199,506

190,788

334,004

193,452

183,947

334,252

183,947

188,258

181,620

57,232

44,456

  Coordinación del Sistema Nacional de Protección Civil y prevención de amenazas y desastres derivadas de alertas de riesgos 11,551,895

700,237

664,526

736,544

1,262,261

1,361,782

1,071,421

1,289,194

1,062,535

1,087,308

994,266

945,862

375,959

  Servicios de administración del Sistema Federal Penitenciario 1,223,276,102

101,819,309

102,391,597

122,381,536

112,384,905

107,006,784

112,561,363

108,698,524

106,424,726

107,530,309

104,881,384

112,441,737

24,753,928

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 1,312,066,432

123,096,992

78,176,590

68,498,299

78,176,595

225,803,261

55,601,514

153,321,848

87,854,644

74,181,850

182,029,352

118,570,993

66,754,494

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 1,312,066,432

123,096,992

78,176,590

68,498,299

78,176,595

225,803,261

55,601,514

153,321,848

87,854,644

74,181,850

182,029,352

118,570,993

66,754,494

49 Fiscalía General de la República 2,300,000

545,071

80,745

109,236

220,852

270,716

220,852

270,716

220,852

270,716

90,244

0

0

  Investigar y perseguir los delitos cometidos en materia de derechos humanos 2,300,000

545,071

80,745

109,236

220,852

270,716

220,852

270,716

220,852

270,716

90,244

0

0

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 88,154,596,018

7,258,413,338

5,804,801,884

6,678,147,646

6,258,774,035

7,123,291,880

6,468,852,470

8,844,578,852

7,384,426,947

7,543,064,056

7,370,155,069

7,197,079,865

10,223,009,974

  Servicios de atención a la salud 64,073,796,070

5,217,101,714

3,890,366,565

4,833,377,677

4,366,899,802

5,166,260,197

4,561,853,330

6,686,721,253

5,392,576,679

5,590,700,340

5,317,241,929

5,227,684,748

7,823,011,835

  Servicios de guardería 17,120,100,948

1,412,554,126

1,360,247,536

1,368,810,085

1,391,265,855

1,383,122,945

1,385,008,474

1,539,132,609

1,407,611,863

1,389,242,537

1,415,143,954

1,414,670,358

1,653,290,606

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 6,675,475,530

611,435,425

537,564,872

457,812,195

474,094,519

554,000,613

499,401,813

584,601,401

561,166,688

541,306,184

613,711,664

530,805,252

709,574,904

  Servicios por prestaciones sociales 285,223,470

17,322,073

16,622,911

18,147,690

26,513,860

19,908,126

22,588,853

34,123,589

23,071,716

21,814,995

24,057,523

23,919,507

37,132,629

54 Mujeres 185,874,297

410,677

443,186

40,569,060

68,834,678

11,802,317

3,731,554

42,199,647

2,762,637

2,949,834

6,400,787

2,905,295

2,864,625

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 61,805,031

46,507

80,930

176,751

2,598,455

365,324

3,068,266

41,187,876

2,182,958

2,272,280

5,462,607

2,200,064

2,163,013

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 39,247,830

0

0

0

39,247,830

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 84,821,436

364,171

362,256

40,392,309

26,988,393

11,436,993

663,288

1,011,771

579,679

677,554

938,181

705,231

701,612

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 36,267,981,751

1,244,395,753

1,246,065,815

1,244,395,938

2,798,081,308

2,799,751,370

2,809,505,258

4,310,025,754

4,232,742,891

4,231,073,015

3,659,282,840

3,664,160,545

4,028,501,264

  Atención a la salud y medicamentos gratuitos para la población sin seguridad social laboral 24,085,138,403

208,834,755

208,834,755

208,834,756

1,305,217,220

1,305,217,220

1,305,217,221

3,195,511,831

3,195,511,831

3,195,511,833

3,195,511,831

3,195,511,831

3,565,423,319

  Fortalecimiento a la atención médica 1,101,989,148

78,961,429

80,631,491

78,961,585

78,961,429

80,631,491

90,385,359

157,914,354

80,631,491

78,961,585

78,961,429

111,279,092

105,708,413

  Servicios de atención a la salud 11,080,854,200

956,599,569

956,599,569

956,599,597

1,413,902,659

1,413,902,659

1,413,902,678

956,599,569

956,599,569

956,599,597

384,809,580

357,369,622

357,369,532

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.             Nota: El presupuesto reportado para el Anexo Transversal 18 Recursos para la Atención de Niñas, Niños y Adolescentes, incorpora las afectaciones derivadas de los ajustes aprobados por la Cámara de Diputados, descritas en el Anexo 34 del Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026.   Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026         Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 19 Acciones para la Prevención del Delito, Combate a las Adicciones, Rescate de Espacios Públicos y Promoción de Proyectos Productivos (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

                            Total 1_/ 465,729,818,273

51,468,002,619

22,700,151,972

49,659,909,052

24,375,692,015

72,417,532,136

22,663,101,100

31,414,715,206

20,433,630,776

60,120,855,997

21,597,920,690

67,767,037,240

21,111,269,468

                              4 Gobernación 86,517,062

3,724,101

3,664,400

5,099,569

12,202,850

5,342,920

5,034,402

12,194,025

4,928,666

5,080,941

18,353,271

6,068,651

4,823,265

  Articulación de la política en materia de comunicación social del Gobierno de México 4,580,777

184,360

148,800

429,914

400,792

539,533

397,266

416,042

400,116

414,205

407,269

399,979

442,501

  Conducción a la política del Gobierno Federal para la democracia participativa, religiosa y fomento a la construcción de paz 3,799,221

297,542

265,200

289,254

277,900

610,558

271,669

278,892

333,256

290,737

270,024

309,624

304,566

  Coordinación con las instancias que integran el Sistema Nacional de Protección Integral de Niñas, Niños y Adolescentes 76,787,886

3,128,300

3,151,800

4,268,800

11,417,663

4,068,300

4,268,800

11,387,100

4,098,400

4,268,800

17,575,798

5,223,062

3,931,063

  Planeación y conducción de la Política Interior 386,089

31,800

28,800

30,600

30,100

40,932

26,367

29,692

26,400

28,000

28,091

41,669

43,638

  Política para la protección y defensa de los derechos humanos 963,089

82,100

69,800

81,000

76,395

83,596

70,300

82,300

70,494

79,200

72,090

94,317

101,498

7 Defensa Nacional 28,333,285,691

2,047,953,551

1,646,778,629

1,644,662,497

1,707,368,366

1,780,162,737

2,894,606,279

3,074,580,575

2,331,438,567

2,458,424,603

2,480,641,881

3,192,979,714

3,073,688,292

  Derechos humanos 78,339,878

6,357,982

6,357,982

5,595,148

5,943,349

6,023,767

5,621,866

5,695,877

7,890,456

5,347,676

5,695,878

12,462,247

5,347,650

  Operación y desarrollo de los cuerpos de seguridad de las Fuerzas Armadas 19,978,377,082

1,481,194,181

1,112,311,286

1,112,311,286

1,155,446,954

1,199,355,114

2,312,355,127

2,505,280,255

1,779,238,862

1,779,238,862

1,560,611,692

1,538,676,066

2,442,357,397

  Programa de igualdad entre mujeres y hombres SDN 101,362,785

0

0

0

0

0

20,272,555

20,272,555

20,272,555

20,272,555

20,272,565

0

0

  Programa de la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional en Apoyo a la Seguridad Pública 5,374,267,434

334,813,976

334,813,976

334,813,976

349,604,924

371,809,288

337,262,447

349,716,757

334,925,809

334,925,809

700,468,270

1,160,685,222

430,426,980

  Sistema educativo militar 2,800,938,512

225,587,412

193,295,385

191,942,087

196,373,139

202,974,568

219,094,284

193,615,131

189,110,885

318,639,701

193,593,476

481,156,179

195,556,265

11 Educación Pública 263,461,776,454

29,198,881,313

7,905,769,087

30,239,694,458

8,325,575,466

53,001,221,246

7,538,778,267

9,898,482,184

6,375,605,694

39,229,993,859

6,820,626,640

54,688,960,653

10,238,187,587

  Atención de Planteles Públicos de Educación Media Superior con estudiantes con discapacidad (PAPPEMS) 1,553,900

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

642,322

911,578

0

0

0

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 129,386,000,000

13,942,198,505

182,750,894

14,151,186,123

166,463,781

36,777,406,321

165,132,351

614,813,289

166,463,780

25,298,710,349

167,132,351

36,909,698,081

844,044,175

  Beca Universal de Educación Media Superior Benito Juárez 31,919,250,000

6,080,502,009

0

6,171,709,540

0

6,264,306,017

0

92,596,478

0

5,248,633,713

1,500,000

7,362,963,220

697,039,024

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios de Educación Especial (PFSEE) 41,217,525

0

226,155

0

40,991,369

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Investigación en ciencia, humanidades, tecnología e innovación 4,626,149

497,022

499,115

694,439

500,166

519,085

376,053

593,357

170,549

104,062

77,619

343,277

251,405

  Jóvenes Escribiendo el Futuro 8,981,500,000

1,578,846,179

0

1,653,391,843

35,334,672

1,736,489,010

25,882,584

116,669,121

25,882,584

1,438,534,428

25,882,584

2,195,803,015

148,783,983

  La Escuela es Nuestra 1,300,000,000

0

0

0

650,000,000

585,000,000

65,000,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

  La Normal es Nuestra 42,832,246

57,655

57,655

57,655

57,655

57,655

21,107,655

21,148,042

57,655

57,655

57,655

57,655

57,655

  Programa de Becas Elisa Acuña 86,960,486

626,688

390,373

20,394,301

3,836,108

16,567,969

2,499,018

3,812,360

1,212,192

3,849,144

2,795,701

26,815,591

4,161,042

  Programa de Cultura Física y Deporte 157,445,580

18,571,035

3,611,949

48,853,278

8,176,324

10,186,508

7,561,518

9,095,466

7,611,935

16,300,643

13,230,585

6,959,314

7,287,026

  Programa Nacional de Inglés 39,075,277

0

781,506

19,529,824

5,744,066

0

13,019,882

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de atención al deporte 514,614,676

60,340,871

67,371,100

73,608,311

45,012,175

40,930,565

39,043,327

53,968,884

31,158,281

31,729,378

26,614,964

26,963,712

17,873,108

  Servicios de desarrollo Cultural 4,826,113,300

648,970,975

418,138,894

445,054,588

377,913,218

310,214,290

450,371,324

382,523,807

288,864,798

388,065,782

312,497,950

358,979,603

444,518,071

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 247,733,998

18,105,277

21,659,417

31,375,921

21,302,858

24,419,960

38,696,977

18,202,583

18,029,103

24,348,109

19,432,249

10,901,956

1,259,587

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 47,521,800,549

3,822,428,165

3,405,529,802

3,468,883,549

3,901,396,118

3,992,615,979

3,675,044,008

4,719,759,856

3,385,112,105

3,364,512,133

4,055,103,418

4,532,387,101

5,199,028,316

  Servicios de educación para Adultos (INEA) 32,499,652

2,354,432

2,226,903

3,859,474

3,431,482

3,794,663

2,722,810

2,309,286

2,325,908

2,174,587

2,880,048

2,916,444

1,503,615

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 28,119,366,522

2,561,979,459

2,211,992,611

2,717,600,272

2,118,230,477

2,139,469,197

2,313,971,769

2,780,175,292

1,776,625,035

2,255,087,963

1,823,828,082

2,592,250,558

2,828,155,807

  Servicios de producción y distribución de libros y materiales culturales 131,600,379

7,102,798

17,264,289

29,166,760

22,005,501

8,355,130

7,728,591

7,728,591

9,189,705

7,728,591

10,742,512

3,929,377

658,534

  Servicios de producción y transmisión de materiales educativos, culturales y artísticos 527,453,349

27,291,757

40,518,808

41,511,227

48,231,283

43,393,347

43,308,628

64,303,525

46,660,380

47,098,814

45,579,017

48,796,242

30,760,321

  Subsidios para organismos descentralizados estatales 9,425,632,866

416,292,570

1,520,033,700

1,350,083,936

864,232,296

1,034,704,632

654,578,355

998,048,831

602,553,443

1,089,026,013

300,208,489

595,870,602

0

  Universidades para el Bienestar Benito Juárez García 154,500,000

12,715,918

12,715,918

12,733,418

12,715,918

12,790,918

12,733,418

12,733,418

13,045,918

13,120,918

13,063,418

13,324,906

12,805,918

12 Salud 5,018,117,583

138,726,101

526,994,738

675,180,723

518,504,786

380,499,971

310,380,240

461,795,726

445,669,540

287,172,430

461,988,412

341,533,438

469,671,478

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios Estatales de Salud 137,573,383

16,420

9,956,854

2,514,449

13,751,025

11,464,805

11,464,449

11,464,449

11,464,447

1,014,449

11,464,449

0

52,997,589

  Política de prevención y control de enfermedades 151,099,131

1,811,434

9,611,104

56,790,627

11,005,889

10,332,734

19,518,683

13,332,909

5,216,390

6,851,833

7,179,768

4,804,173

4,643,588

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 1,292,355,461

3,719,476

347,861,045

373,767,115

38,808,108

58,679,643

68,653,458

67,754,782

132,153,032

20,830,826

141,304,137

17,363,878

21,459,959

  Programa de Atención a Personas con Discapacidad 2,220,265

0

0

0

0

0

0

2,220,265

0

0

0

0

0

  Rectoría del Sistema Nacional de Salud 75,063,111

3,523,321

3,950,491

5,907,746

6,882,422

6,332,680

4,871,646

6,555,322

4,307,980

8,226,735

6,613,251

8,071,181

9,820,337

  Servicios de atención a la salud 1,619,867,998

60,898,110

79,985,098

118,942,948

137,504,727

142,731,525

125,445,689

181,183,189

203,958,244

127,121,083

147,694,133

134,199,430

160,203,821

  Servicios de atención a la salud mental y prevención de las adicciones 1,528,669,472

65,300,008

71,507,087

107,181,287

244,249,785

117,891,745

73,311,464

145,175,447

79,668,750

112,893,809

136,623,028

165,188,481

209,678,581

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 211,268,764

3,457,332

4,123,059

10,076,551

66,302,830

33,066,840

7,114,851

34,109,363

8,900,697

10,233,696

11,109,646

11,906,295

10,867,604

13 Marina 5,552,889,174

372,734,817

387,036,587

382,921,056

503,291,836

502,507,019

654,559,822

591,156,560

429,637,357

424,316,837

461,836,487

523,489,371

319,401,425

  Administración y Operación de Capitanías de Puerto y Asuntos Marítimos 12,454,299

1,084,595

1,118,160

1,048,987

1,084,595

1,048,987

1,022,940

1,054,397

949,731

949,731

985,342

1,240,821

866,013

  Operación y desarrollo de los cuerpos de seguridad de las Fuerzas Armadas 4,530,295,324

285,959,586

298,773,248

299,605,027

401,565,090

418,608,190

563,512,046

509,162,792

326,005,209

353,605,027

388,132,836

430,431,879

254,934,394

  Sistema Educativo Naval 1,010,139,551

85,690,636

87,145,179

82,267,042

100,642,151

82,849,842

90,024,836

80,939,371

102,682,417

69,762,079

72,718,309

91,816,671

63,601,018

14 Trabajo y Previsión Social 25,188,573,778

2,922,725,050

2,578,320,896

2,338,380,649

2,159,670,482

2,102,244,322

1,922,497,895

1,917,963,270

1,744,038,581

1,894,323,092

1,739,117,531

2,047,482,566

1,821,809,444

  Articulación de Políticas Integrales de Juventud 13,482,925

1,470,815

1,836,457

1,952,413

1,845,092

2,018,495

1,880,421

1,139,228

281,861

36,849

30,579

230,757

759,957

  Implementación de la política laboral 2,090,853

264,455

253,383

259,311

245,141

267,705

251,024

243,569

220,341

16,765

11,956

31,278

25,925

  Jóvenes Construyendo el Futuro 25,173,000,000

2,920,989,780

2,576,231,056

2,336,168,925

2,157,580,249

2,099,958,122

1,920,366,450

1,916,580,473

1,743,536,379

1,894,269,478

1,739,074,996

2,047,220,531

1,821,023,561

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 4,159,241

39,825

151,875

351,675

444,150

443,475

531,900

513,675

518,400

411,750

360,450

241,650

150,416

  Programa para Regularizar asentamientos Humanos 4,159,241

39,825

151,875

351,675

444,150

443,475

531,900

513,675

518,400

411,750

360,450

241,650

150,416

20 Bienestar 106,508,558,692

14,158,479,008

7,068,208,443

11,638,576,867

7,072,860,891

11,813,036,855

6,417,676,921

12,670,036,131

6,386,858,763

12,854,505,579

7,206,687,124

5,305,945,814

3,915,686,296

  Articulación de la Política de Bienestar 5,328,079,298

81,267,846

523,845,773

526,311,007

525,070,415

527,969,159

493,830,878

442,979,272

431,619,756

440,075,185

427,185,765

450,639,441

457,284,801

  Pensión Mujeres Bienestar 56,969,000,000

9,916,281,088

2,998,912,864

7,355,687,600

3,001,228,208

7,528,716,432

2,328,775,056

8,442,257,648

2,380,054,448

8,632,066,160

3,205,405,616

1,113,871,120

65,743,760

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 3,312,000,000

541,877,960

172,360,554

379,639,106

172,360,554

379,639,106

220,220,688

379,639,106

172,360,554

379,639,106

172,360,554

331,781,012

10,121,700

  Sembrando Vida 40,664,000,000

3,596,832,963

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,356,601,781

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,385,882,760

3,354,744,332

  Servicios a grupos con necesidades especiales 235,479,394

22,219,151

16,487,471

20,337,373

17,599,933

20,110,377

18,248,518

19,277,345

16,941,245

16,842,368

15,852,429

23,771,481

27,791,703

33 Aportaciones Federales para Entidades Federativas y Municipios 18,448,060,665

1,741,858,760

1,690,450,276

1,690,450,276

1,690,450,276

1,690,450,276

1,690,450,275

1,681,675,557

1,682,815,267

1,681,675,557

1,681,675,572

750,813,298

775,295,276

  FAETA Educación Tecnológica 1,656,074,537

175,441,204

124,032,719

124,032,719

124,032,719

124,032,719

124,032,718

118,056,665

119,196,374

118,056,665

118,056,665

181,310,695

205,792,673

  FASP 9,951,114,029

995,774,809

995,774,809

995,774,809

995,774,809

995,774,809

995,774,809

994,116,290

994,116,290

994,116,290

994,116,305

0

0

  FORTAMUN 6,840,872,099

570,642,748

570,642,748

570,642,748

570,642,748

570,642,748

570,642,748

569,502,602

569,502,602

569,502,602

569,502,602

569,502,602

569,502,602

36 Seguridad y Protección Ciudadana 8,682,704,814

506,630,602

527,594,716

628,233,914

1,792,249,803

606,437,059

701,029,471

712,910,134

645,219,455

907,953,516

559,396,478

747,053,810

347,995,855

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 2,763,530,857

86,731,369

186,690,486

240,582,633

281,996,779

234,670,154

347,795,796

327,571,438

324,747,679

315,050,760

305,870,916

95,664,487

16,158,361

  Articulación de la política en materia de seguridad nacional y pública 23,889,513

6,345,317

2,876,752

2,793,942

2,823,325

833,195

1,058,247

2,031,346

1,155,999

937,380

2,010,309

673,336

350,363

  Fondo para el Fortalecimiento de las Instituciones de Seguridad Pública 1,166,106,569

0

0

0

1,166,106,569

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Plataforma México 8,495,246

553,219

512,264

535,269

1,575,970

545,043

512,264

1,598,975

512,264

535,283

1,192,754

214,908

207,033

  Política de inteligencia para la Seguridad Nacional 188,762,508

24,808,337

11,590,314

13,534,227

13,162,995

13,989,195

25,198,754

26,816,983

12,722,343

13,078,147

12,878,629

13,224,529

7,758,055

  Regulación de los servicios de seguridad privada para coadyuvar a la prevención del delito 2,507,437

258,187

240,590

248,481

249,967

255,308

230,213

267,794

230,213

242,448

80,337

101,907

101,991

  Servicios de Policía Complementaria y de Protección, custodia, vigilancia y seguridad de personas, bienes e instalaciones 4,529,412,685

387,934,173

325,684,310

370,539,363

326,334,197

356,144,164

326,234,197

354,623,598

305,850,958

578,109,498

237,363,533

637,174,642

323,420,052

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 113,012,180

0

2,245,996

1,955,000

7,071,184

6,955,000

16,455,000

25,955,000

26,255,000

20,255,000

1,955,000

1,955,000

1,955,000

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 113,012,180

0

2,245,996

1,955,000

7,071,184

6,955,000

16,455,000

25,955,000

26,255,000

20,255,000

1,955,000

1,955,000

1,955,000

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 520,736,752

55,655,497

42,339,973

43,249,694

43,501,484

44,924,409

41,021,523

40,326,619

39,482,658

35,444,006

47,055,686

52,816,797

34,918,406

  Servicios de estancias de bienestar y desarrollo infantil 199,708,919

24,592,914

14,453,455

15,910,736

16,397,683

18,172,654

15,282,075

15,200,159

15,157,017

14,087,009

17,645,795

20,057,026

12,752,397

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 321,027,833

31,062,584

27,886,518

27,338,958

27,103,801

26,751,755

25,739,449

25,126,459

24,325,640

21,356,997

29,409,892

32,759,771

22,166,009

54 Mujeres 154,929,635

466,271

468,634

51,024,939

73,684,981

14,491,387

1,263,632

6,998,027

1,035,107

1,171,091

1,943,267

1,196,007

1,186,292

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 8,584,032

6,459

11,240

24,549

360,897

50,740

426,148

5,720,538

303,189

315,595

758,695

305,564

300,418

  Programa de Atención Integral para el Bienestar de las Mujeres 39,247,830

0

0

0

39,247,830

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 107,097,773

459,812

457,394

51,000,391

34,076,254

14,440,647

837,484

1,277,488

731,918

855,497

1,184,572

890,443

885,874

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 3,656,496,551

320,127,722

320,127,722

320,127,735

468,815,461

468,815,461

468,815,472

320,127,722

320,127,722

320,127,735

116,282,891

106,500,471

106,500,437

  Servicios de atención a la salud 3,656,496,551

320,127,722

320,127,722

320,127,735

468,815,461

468,815,461

468,815,472

320,127,722

320,127,722

320,127,735

116,282,891

106,500,471

106,500,437

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.               Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026           Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 30 Prevención, Detección, Investigación y Sanción de Hechos de Corrupción         (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

                            Total 1_/ 9,561,596,985

1,032,347,625

726,213,595

751,675,937

716,792,907

720,429,624

697,209,342

924,083,361

668,807,457

712,897,595

774,676,728

914,053,994

922,408,820

                              1 Poder Legislativo 2,822,588,131

264,122,074

206,373,713

190,380,033

210,894,470

218,600,266

198,421,192

194,798,289

194,944,261

232,091,532

200,237,851

344,001,136

367,723,314

  Entregar a la Cámara de Diputados del H. Congreso de la Unión, el informe sobre la revisión de la Cuenta de la Hacienda Pública Federal 2,822,588,131

264,122,074

206,373,713

190,380,033

210,894,470

218,600,266

198,421,192

194,798,289

194,944,261

232,091,532

200,237,851

344,001,136

367,723,314

3 Poder Judicial 1,625,798,999

140,827,320

145,278,036

142,337,349

135,799,820

136,291,593

135,935,790

129,492,121

132,472,799

132,010,107

138,382,469

131,728,297

125,243,298

  Otras Actividades 1,625,798,999

140,827,320

145,278,036

142,337,349

135,799,820

136,291,593

135,935,790

129,492,121

132,472,799

132,010,107

138,382,469

131,728,297

125,243,298

4 Gobernación 935,408

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

481,032

0

0

454,376

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 935,408

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

481,032

0

0

454,376

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 777,547,912

54,515,863

78,077,629

107,858,343

66,835,405

60,383,412

56,841,355

64,158,498

66,319,464

54,275,661

56,075,799

72,299,558

39,906,925

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 216,352,174

16,706,097

16,930,343

22,764,491

15,849,114

15,834,228

15,380,297

15,588,712

28,446,973

15,052,316

19,276,412

25,392,209

9,130,982

  Diseño y conducción de la política de gasto público 561,195,738

37,809,766

61,147,286

85,093,852

50,986,291

44,549,184

41,461,058

48,569,786

37,872,491

39,223,345

36,799,387

46,907,349

30,775,943

7 Defensa Nacional 572,454,370

248,283,450

0

0

8,059,704

6,976,170

19,998,983

199,529,503

0

0

76,164,434

13,442,126

0

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 572,454,370

248,283,450

0

0

8,059,704

6,976,170

19,998,983

199,529,503

0

0

76,164,434

13,442,126

0

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 34,504,472

3,047,141

3,167,797

2,948,580

3,023,784

3,143,700

2,708,162

2,917,023

2,754,741

2,739,857

2,645,831

2,594,284

2,813,572

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 34,504,472

3,047,141

3,167,797

2,948,580

3,023,784

3,143,700

2,708,162

2,917,023

2,754,741

2,739,857

2,645,831

2,594,284

2,813,572

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 13,099,817

1,608,342

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,228

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,230

1,188,765

652,651

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 13,099,817

1,608,342

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,228

1,072,229

1,072,229

1,072,230

1,188,765

652,651

10 Economía 29,930,128

2,153,391

2,355,345

2,478,613

2,357,611

2,456,179

2,186,241

2,467,980

2,227,880

2,566,949

2,311,565

3,096,044

3,272,330

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 29,930,128

2,153,391

2,355,345

2,478,613

2,357,611

2,456,179

2,186,241

2,467,980

2,227,880

2,566,949

2,311,565

3,096,044

3,272,330

11 Educación Pública 237,918,027

20,743,759

17,280,720

18,848,259

18,171,037

18,786,732

17,845,125

24,539,061

9,134,194

20,338,900

21,659,683

18,432,879

32,137,677

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 237,918,027

20,743,759

17,280,720

18,848,259

18,171,037

18,786,732

17,845,125

24,539,061

9,134,194

20,338,900

21,659,683

18,432,879

32,137,677

12 Salud 165,242,543

8,740,051

10,156,199

13,481,442

10,354,876

13,848,049

8,905,881

16,119,251

8,760,995

12,805,371

17,055,590

19,516,496

25,498,342

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 165,242,543

8,740,051

10,156,199

13,481,442

10,354,876

13,848,049

8,905,881

16,119,251

8,760,995

12,805,371

17,055,590

19,516,496

25,498,342

13 Marina 20,178,567

1,841,223

2,114,656

1,680,306

1,630,064

1,532,164

1,451,237

1,600,743

1,486,438

1,451,919

2,022,423

1,834,604

1,532,789

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 20,178,567

1,841,223

2,114,656

1,680,306

1,630,064

1,532,164

1,451,237

1,600,743

1,486,438

1,451,919

2,022,423

1,834,604

1,532,789

14 Trabajo y Previsión Social 2,523,292

337,700

333,267

337,800

330,927

342,395

328,271

298,763

74,970

91,179

915

10,562

36,543

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 2,523,292

337,700

333,267

337,800

330,927

342,395

328,271

298,763

74,970

91,179

915

10,562

36,543

15 Desarrollo Agrario, Territorial y Urbano 25,278,014

1,211,027

1,162,502

1,282,391

1,364,156

1,256,757

1,252,307

2,765,029

2,476,493

3,095,810

2,592,144

3,746,047

3,073,352

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 25,278,014

1,211,027

1,162,502

1,282,391

1,364,156

1,256,757

1,252,307

2,765,029

2,476,493

3,095,810

2,592,144

3,746,047

3,073,352

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 26,764,322

2,849,366

1,989,333

1,741,172

2,115,061

1,626,877

1,583,772

1,868,246

1,562,863

1,763,235

2,037,311

3,077,006

4,550,082

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 26,764,322

2,849,366

1,989,333

1,741,172

2,115,061

1,626,877

1,583,772

1,868,246

1,562,863

1,763,235

2,037,311

3,077,006

4,550,082

18 Energía 11,617,920

895,628

867,369

895,628

883,435

894,644

922,292

955,928

844,572

965,524

844,569

1,738,713

909,618

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 11,617,920

895,628

867,369

895,628

883,435

894,644

922,292

955,928

844,572

965,524

844,569

1,738,713

909,618

20 Bienestar 6,920,403

537,972

487,975

613,045

487,975

555,048

623,446

555,045

487,973

613,041

487,974

780,383

690,526

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 6,920,403

537,972

487,975

613,045

487,975

555,048

623,446

555,045

487,973

613,041

487,974

780,383

690,526

21 Turismo 29,173,686

6,914,613

1,872,934

5,451,826

2,693,480

2,064,466

1,896,231

777,104

1,219,814

1,509,816

1,564,543

2,094,507

1,114,352

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 29,173,686

6,914,613

1,872,934

5,451,826

2,693,480

2,064,466

1,896,231

777,104

1,219,814

1,509,816

1,564,543

2,094,507

1,114,352

27 Anticorrupción y Buen Gobierno 1,655,209,672

142,745,976

137,629,734

139,170,060

132,911,276

134,714,831

130,206,851

138,588,561

126,370,519

131,965,603

128,923,261

149,097,612

162,885,388

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 846,315,407

70,760,785

67,094,089

70,808,108

67,107,340

68,867,090

66,862,129

71,518,829

64,081,751

68,687,390

66,879,127

78,620,786

85,027,983

  Ejercicio pleno del derecho de acceso a la información pública 18,753,522

1,556,417

1,478,634

1,593,833

1,558,314

1,593,833

1,478,634

1,673,513

1,478,634

1,593,833

1,558,313

1,593,833

1,595,731

  Política anticorrupción 430,279,004

39,049,465

36,145,850

36,431,736

35,059,566

35,396,460

33,664,305

35,581,765

31,805,631

33,656,602

32,935,077

38,099,485

42,453,062

  Política de Buen Gobierno 359,861,739

31,379,309

32,911,161

30,336,383

29,186,056

28,857,448

28,201,783

29,814,454

29,004,503

28,027,778

27,550,744

30,783,508

33,808,612

31 Tribunales Agrarios 4,554,140

433,644

474,384

374,054

355,645

398,077

345,960

411,683

355,819

392,783

391,688

311,623

308,780

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 4,554,140

433,644

474,384

374,054

355,645

398,077

345,960

411,683

355,819

392,783

391,688

311,623

308,780

32 Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa 93,084,660

10,149,947

6,709,758

7,106,052

7,765,421

7,076,352

6,971,903

8,156,432

6,707,490

7,183,054

7,862,121

8,890,470

8,505,660

  Impartición de Justicia Fiscal y Administrativa 93,084,660

10,149,947

6,709,758

7,106,052

7,765,421

7,076,352

6,971,903

8,156,432

6,707,490

7,183,054

7,862,121

8,890,470

8,505,660

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 74,779,733

5,150,070

5,181,954

5,378,738

5,763,139

5,112,447

5,521,413

6,301,952

6,634,173

8,292,992

4,369,397

8,709,945

8,363,513

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 74,779,733

5,150,070

5,181,954

5,378,738

5,763,139

5,112,447

5,521,413

6,301,952

6,634,173

8,292,992

4,369,397

8,709,945

8,363,513

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 227,617,574

20,404,172

16,945,312

17,548,525

16,984,289

17,981,145

18,989,475

21,568,142

19,322,752

19,435,180

17,287,692

22,164,701

18,986,189

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 19,224,293

1,876,686

2,240,841

2,002,307

2,116,066

2,069,577

2,366,549

1,905,856

2,216,142

1,178,868

834,381

277,129

139,891

  Servicios de preservación y divulgación del patrimonio documental que resguarda el Archivo General de la Nación y de la memoria histórica de México 208,393,281

18,527,486

14,704,471

15,546,218

14,868,223

15,911,568

16,622,926

19,662,286

17,106,610

18,256,312

16,453,311

21,887,572

18,846,298

48 Cultura 58,486,416

4,927,761

4,285,888

4,600,146

4,275,652

4,754,231

4,214,297

4,700,501

4,083,075

4,372,673

4,085,583

7,677,105

6,509,505

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 58,486,416

4,927,761

4,285,888

4,600,146

4,275,652

4,754,231

4,214,297

4,700,501

4,083,075

4,372,673

4,085,583

7,677,105

6,509,505

49 Fiscalía General de la República 227,750,908

20,178,738

17,953,386

18,514,099

18,500,270

18,441,938

17,999,014

19,597,937

17,325,698

18,431,745

18,429,386

21,131,217

21,247,481

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 52,235,988

4,666,797

4,040,238

4,294,248

4,158,523

4,293,160

4,198,524

4,404,649

4,047,034

4,294,030

4,030,964

4,863,222

4,944,600

  Investigar y perseguir los delitos federales de carácter especial y en asuntos internacionales 175,514,920

15,511,941

13,913,148

14,219,851

14,341,747

14,148,778

13,800,490

15,193,288

13,278,664

14,137,715

14,398,422

16,267,995

16,302,881

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 343,540,225

26,854,953

23,399,337

23,413,605

24,015,595

23,539,656

23,451,847

48,323,774

24,927,402

23,579,621

24,374,357

26,837,758

50,822,320

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 343,540,225

26,854,953

23,399,337

23,413,605

24,015,595

23,539,656

23,451,847

48,323,774

24,927,402

23,579,621

24,374,357

26,837,758

50,822,320

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 347,342,232

32,828,954

30,622,597

33,925,821

30,050,872

28,015,389

26,673,170

22,454,805

26,838,228

21,234,061

33,463,799

37,623,975

23,610,561

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 347,342,232

32,828,954

30,622,597

33,925,821

30,050,872

28,015,389

26,673,170

22,454,805

26,838,228

21,234,061

33,463,799

37,623,975

23,610,561

54 Mujeres 6,365,383

514,988

488,948

516,184

574,377

516,184

515,078

542,224

570,421

516,184

595,274

494,695

520,826

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 6,365,383

514,988

488,948

516,184

574,377

516,184

515,078

542,224

570,421

516,184

595,274

494,695

520,826

55 Agencia de Transformación Digital y Telecomunicaciones 1,810,839

72,164

165,400

264,300

65,000

281,500

170,400

65,200

65,000

164,200

281,500

158,547

57,628

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 1,810,839

72,164

165,400

264,300

65,000

281,500

170,400

65,200

65,000

164,200

281,500

158,547

57,628

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 118,579,192

9,457,338

9,767,194

9,457,338

9,457,338

9,767,194

10,177,421

9,457,338

9,767,194

9,457,338

9,457,338

11,374,939

10,981,222

  Actividades de apoyo a la función pública y buen gobierno 118,579,192

9,457,338

9,767,194

9,457,338

9,457,338

9,767,194

10,177,421

9,457,338

9,767,194

9,457,338

9,457,338

11,374,939

10,981,222

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.             Nota: El presupuesto reportado para el Anexo Transversal 30 Prevención, Detección, Investigación y Sanción de Hechos de Corrupción, incorpora las afectaciones derivadas de los ajustes aprobados por la Cámara de Diputados, descritas en el Anexo 32 de Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026.   Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026                       Calendario de Presupuesto del Anexo 31 Consolidación de una Sociedad de Cuidados                 (Pesos)                               Ramo

Denominación

Importe Anual

Enero

Febrero

Marzo

Abril

Mayo

Junio

Julio

Agosto

Septiembre

Octubre

Noviembre

Diciembre

                            Total 1_/ 468,641,530,004

56,234,287,606

18,779,696,865

47,557,195,454

21,584,847,817

72,059,549,813

19,242,361,939

39,780,798,514

20,436,715,979

61,609,681,755

23,072,551,912

66,194,672,499

22,089,169,852

                              4 Gobernación 3,443,358

0

0

0

60,000

785,800

0

845,800

0

60,000

785,800

60,000

845,958

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 300,000

0

0

0

60,000

0

0

60,000

0

60,000

0

60,000

60,000

  Planeación demográfica del país 3,143,358

0

0

0

0

785,800

0

785,800

0

0

785,800

0

785,958

6 Hacienda y Crédito Público 150,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

150,000

0

0

0

0

0

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 150,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

150,000

0

0

0

0

0

8 Agricultura y Desarrollo Rural 3,217,628

226,012

228,380

249,995

249,414

267,129

249,710

300,152

273,412

240,975

253,328

287,016

392,104

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 3,217,628

226,012

228,380

249,995

249,414

267,129

249,710

300,152

273,412

240,975

253,328

287,016

392,104

9 Infraestructura, Comunicaciones y Transportes 2,500,000,000

0

0

124,962,391

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

272,305,075

0

  Caminos artesanales 2,500,000,000

0

0

124,962,391

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

300,390,362

272,305,075

0

11 Educación Pública 136,295,037,342

14,321,958,950

711,980,694

15,534,956,026

1,441,298,903

37,356,771,665

955,319,712

998,016,342

552,389,358

25,819,493,020

568,543,920

37,145,705,043

888,603,710

  Atención de Planteles Públicos de Educación Media Superior con estudiantes con discapacidad (PAPPEMS) 31,077,999

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

12,846,443

18,231,556

0

0

0

  Beca Universal de Educación Básica Rita Cetina 129,386,000,000

13,942,198,505

182,750,894

14,151,186,123

166,463,781

36,777,406,321

165,132,351

614,813,289

166,463,780

25,298,710,349

167,132,351

36,909,698,081

844,044,175

Expansión de la Educación Inicial 901,412,599

0

76,066,172

737,496,736

11,783,519

76,066,172

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Fortalecimiento de los Servicios de Educación Especial (PFSEE) 824,350,493

0

4,523,104

0

819,827,389

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Programa para el Desarrollo Profesional Docente 2,418,483

0

0

15,116

2,363,059

5,039

5,039

5,039

5,039

5,039

5,039

5,039

5,039

  Servicios de educación Básica Comunitaria 4,954,679,953

362,105,531

433,188,338

627,518,423

426,057,159

488,399,205

773,939,531

364,051,666

360,582,068

486,962,189

388,644,975

218,039,126

25,191,742

  Servicios de Educación Media Superior 352,766

28,326

28,069

35,324

30,234

37,537

32,752

34,693

30,311

33,581

24,454

21,959

15,528

  Servicios de Educación Superior y Posgrado 188,972,186

17,217,417

14,865,380

18,263,244

14,235,265

14,377,997

15,550,717

18,683,771

11,939,555

15,154,997

12,256,776

17,420,850

19,006,217

  Servicios de normalización y certificación en competencias laborales 5,772,863

409,172

558,737

441,060

538,496

479,395

659,322

427,885

522,163

395,311

480,325

519,988

341,010

12 Salud 3,543,952,157

1,360,835

31,590,759

35,663,746

531,264,978

15,148,150

8,190,877

468,809,755

14,394,493

4,965,439

890,676,280

6,401,786

1,535,485,059

  Política en Salud Materna, Sexual y Reproductiva 112,449,123

323,635

30,267,733

32,521,845

3,376,732

5,105,774

5,973,605

5,895,410

11,498,766

1,812,511

12,295,012

1,510,848

1,867,252

  Programa de Atención a Personas con Discapacidad 44,405,296

0

0

0

0

0

0

44,405,296

0

0

0

0

0

  Servicios de protección y asistencia social integral 63,380,629

1,037,200

1,236,851

3,022,898

19,890,782

9,919,985

2,134,388

10,232,742

2,670,142

3,070,041

3,335,399

3,569,921

3,260,281

  Servicios de vacunación 3,323,717,109

0

86,176

119,002

507,997,464

122,392

82,884

408,276,307

225,586

82,886

875,045,869

1,321,018

1,530,357,526

16 Medio Ambiente y Recursos Naturales 3,329,002

0

0

19,147

130,745

1,441,478

996,991

382,935

271,257

8,206

78,243

0

0

  Desarrollo Forestal Sustentable para el Bienestar 3,329,002

0

0

19,147

130,745

1,441,478

996,991

382,935

271,257

8,206

78,243

0

0

20 Bienestar 172,001,159,674

29,259,116,915

8,303,247,754

20,244,133,241

8,525,616,726

21,932,074,960

6,818,270,373

22,508,597,245

6,780,718,855

22,355,286,395

8,583,646,122

16,208,970,637

481,480,451

  Pensión Mujeres Bienestar 15,000,000,000

2,610,967,655

789,617,037

1,936,760,589

790,226,669

1,982,319,270

613,169,019

2,222,855,671

626,670,939

2,272,832,460

843,986,804

293,283,484

17,310,404

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas Adultas Mayores 123,326,567,737

20,200,871,877

5,812,630,017

14,622,313,420

5,880,576,828

14,795,569,379

4,508,356,675

16,408,323,701

4,559,208,173

16,597,337,773

6,083,287,234

13,729,585,006

128,507,653

  Pensión para el Bienestar de las Personas con Discapacidad Permanente 28,961,441,920

5,824,505,584

1,275,869,891

3,143,349,492

1,470,236,625

4,612,703,569

1,275,869,891

3,337,716,226

1,275,869,891

3,143,349,492

1,470,236,625

1,873,300,027

258,434,608

  Programa de Apoyo para el Bienestar de las Niñas y Niños, Hijos de Madres Trabajadoras 2,467,011,360

403,628,950

128,386,306

282,782,001

128,386,306

282,782,001

164,035,912

282,782,001

128,386,306

282,782,001

128,386,306

247,133,915

7,539,357

  Salud Casa por Casa 2,000,000,000

195,500,000

278,833,334

237,166,667

237,166,667

237,166,667

237,166,667

237,166,667

173,166,667

41,666,667

41,666,667

41,666,667

41,666,668

  Servicios a grupos con necesidades especiales 246,138,657

23,642,849

17,911,170

21,761,072

19,023,632

21,534,075

19,672,210

19,752,979

17,416,880

17,318,003

16,082,487

24,001,539

28,021,761

25 Previsiones y Aportaciones para los Sistemas de Educación Básica, Normal, Tecnológica y de Adultos 10,000,000

855,151

717,219

891,813

706,046

941,357

946,367

1,468,611

647,706

885,611

626,724

663,351

650,044

  Servicios de educación básica en la Ciudad de México 10,000,000

855,151

717,219

891,813

706,046

941,357

946,367

1,468,611

647,706

885,611

626,724

663,351

650,044

31 Tribunales Agrarios 9,608

0

0

0

0

9,608

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 9,608

0

0

0

0

9,608

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

38 Ciencia, Humanidades, Tecnología e Innovación 211,124

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,590

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 211,124

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,594

17,590

47 Entidades no Sectorizadas 95,922,621

155,753

9,849,553

9,991,280

10,125,178

10,028,453

10,236,214

10,178,388

10,196,821

10,323,960

10,211,964

4,350,399

274,657

  Producción y transmisión de materiales Radiofónicos 1,816,904

116,617

133,660

132,931

152,050

149,411

171,154

153,349

152,671

188,983

135,789

164,639

165,650

  Programa para el Bienestar Integral de los Pueblos Indígenas 3,448,427

39,136

135,893

278,349

273,128

299,042

365,060

445,039

464,150

434,977

412,175

192,470

109,007

  Programa de Apoyo a la Educación Indígena 90,657,290

0

9,580,000

9,580,000

9,700,000

9,580,000

9,700,000

9,580,000

9,580,000

9,700,000

9,664,000

3,993,290

0

49 Fiscalía General de la República 360,950

0

17,263

21,148

16,940

160,054

29,332

14,306

22,140

30,828

16,840

16,100

16,000

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 179,450

0

17,263

15,930

15,633

15,821

15,680

13,466

20,978

16,678

16,000

16,000

16,000

  Investigar y perseguir los delitos cometidos en materia de derechos humanos 181,500

0

0

5,218

1,307

144,232

13,652

840

1,161

14,150

840

100

0

Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social 149,377,123,984

12,117,151,429

9,392,280,513

11,221,421,244

10,331,317,758

11,953,139,740

10,725,590,752

15,142,369,568

12,430,898,059

12,792,837,538

12,320,880,567

12,093,306,295

18,855,930,522

  Infraestructura para la asistencia y seguridad social 1,273,000,000

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1,273,000,000

  Servicios de atención a la salud 126,925,529,468

10,334,699,017

7,706,533,192

9,574,569,612

8,650,510,871

10,233,985,672

9,036,699,631

13,245,908,430

10,682,302,161

11,074,770,722

10,533,069,500

10,355,663,240

15,496,817,419

  Servicios de guardería 17,120,100,948

1,412,554,126

1,360,247,536

1,368,810,085

1,391,265,855

1,383,122,945

1,385,008,474

1,539,132,609

1,407,611,863

1,389,242,537

1,415,143,954

1,414,670,358

1,653,290,606

  Servicios de prevención y control de enfermedades 3,998,986,735

366,284,341

322,031,709

274,255,352

284,009,384

331,877,645

299,169,882

350,209,245

336,170,529

324,272,966

367,647,936

317,982,315

425,075,430

  Servicios por prestaciones sociales 59,506,833

3,613,944

3,468,076

3,786,195

5,531,648

4,153,478

4,712,765

7,119,283

4,813,506

4,551,313

5,019,177

4,990,382

7,747,066

Instituto de Seguridad y Servicios Sociales de los Trabajadores del Estado 4,039,460,058

493,449,388

290,881,022

326,841,155

331,088,521

366,063,349

307,659,663

306,464,528

306,230,425

284,632,230

357,159,179

406,316,802

262,673,796

  Infraestructura integral para el derecho a la salud 43,061,666

1,433,290

1,654,104

8,440,239

2,932,482

2,407,891

1,815,795

2,258,955

2,887,693

2,704,992

4,056,231

4,989,312

7,480,682

  Servicios de atención a personas con discapacidad 338,915

0

0

28,378

44,563

44,563

44,563

44,563

44,563

29,241

29,241

29,240

0

  Servicios de estancias de bienestar y desarrollo infantil 3,994,178,103

491,858,305

289,069,125

318,214,744

327,953,682

363,453,101

305,641,512

304,003,216

303,140,375

281,740,203

352,915,914

401,140,456

255,047,470

  Subsidios y ayudas 1,881,374

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

157,794

145,644

Petróleos Mexicanos 525,354,155

38,122,162

37,007,733

37,021,392

37,021,392

54,367,571

51,470,494

37,569,524

38,124,308

38,307,022

38,307,022

55,749,735

62,285,800

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 525,354,155

38,122,162

37,007,733

37,021,392

37,021,392

54,367,571

51,470,494

37,569,524

38,124,308

38,307,022

38,307,022

55,749,735

62,285,800

54 Mujeres 45,347,530

192,606

197,571

19,324,472

13,113,602

5,512,884

563,840

3,542,591

460,378

521,764

880,994

522,667

514,162

  Actividades de apoyo administrativo 296,644

15,273

18,621

21,601

33,928

24,143

21,529

31,681

23,075

31,154

31,396

24,147

20,094

  Política de fortalecimiento de la Igualdad Sustantiva entre Mujeres y Hombres 4,543,295

3,419

5,949

12,993

191,013

26,855

225,549

3,027,725

160,470

167,036

401,557

161,727

159,003

  Programa para la Prevención y Detección de las Violencias Feminicidas y la Atención de las Causas 40,507,591

173,915

173,000

19,289,878

12,888,662

5,461,886

316,762

483,184

276,833

323,575

448,041

336,792

335,064

56 Servicios de Salud del Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social para el Bienestar 197,450,814

1,680,811

1,680,811

1,680,811

62,429,659

62,429,659

62,429,658

1,680,811

1,680,811

1,680,811

76,972

0

0

  Servicios de atención a la salud 197,450,814

1,680,811

1,680,811

1,680,811

62,429,659

62,429,659

62,429,658

1,680,811

1,680,811

1,680,811

76,972

0

0

                              1_/ El total puede no coincidir con el importe del Anexo publicado en el Decreto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026, debido al redondeo de cifras.           Nota: El Anexo Transversal 31 Consolidación de una Sociedad de Cuidados presentó compensaciones que realizaron las dependencias y entidades, derivadas de los movimientos realizados al presupuesto de las mismas, por lo que existe una diferencia respecto de lo que se presentó en el Proyecto de Presupuesto de Egresos de la Federación 2026.   Atentamente Ciudad de México, a 9 de diciembre de 2025.- El Titular de la Unidad, Lic. Agustín Rodríguez Bello.- Rúbrica.  

Document DIMEX00020251212elcc0008m




CE Noticias Financieras English
 Jobs  and  investment  supported by the Treaty, Canada speaks out

510 words
12 December 2025
CE NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright © Content Engine LLC 

Mexico City - The T-MEC has sustained millions of jobs and investments over the past decades and made North American economies more competitive than they would be if the Mexican, U.S. and Canadian markets acted separately, said Cameron MacKay, Canada's ambassador to Mexico.

This agreement has sustained hundreds of thousands of jobs across North America for more than 31 years, as well as made our three economies, and the continental economy, more competitive than we would have been if we had gone it alone," said the diplomat ahead of a strategic trade mission to Mexico in February 2026.

The current economic environment offers "the best opportunity and motivation" for more Canadian companies to consider expanding into Mexico, said the Canadian government representative.

Canadian Minister Dominic LeBlanc held a meeting in Mexico City last week with Marcelo Ebrard, Secretary of Economy and responsible for issues related to the trade agreement.

The officials made progress on the bilateral agenda and prepared Canada's trade mission, scheduled for February next year.

Great integration

The initiative is being organized in a key context in the run-up to the review of the TMEC in 2026, which reinforces the importance of strengthening bilateral economic integration.

Mexico was Canada's third largest trading partner in 2024, while Canada ranked fifth among Mexico's partners. Both economies are among the 15 largest in the world, with GDPs of US$2.4 trillion (Canada) and US$1.9 trillion (Mexico).

Bilateral trade has shown increasing integration: in 1994, with the beginning of NAFTA, it totaled less than 5 billion dollars; by 2024, it reached around 56 billion Canadian dollars.

In Mexico, Canadian direct investment reached 46.5 billion dollars, benefiting from the T-MEC framework.

In the automotive sector, more than 60 Canadian auto parts companies operate in the country and generate around 30,000 jobs, a key figure for the regional supply chain.

In mining, Canada maintains its leadership as the main foreign investor, concentrating close to 70% of foreign investment in exploration and production.

In energy, investment exceeds 10.3 billion dollars, including 4.1 billion for renewable energies.

IP warns of bilateral bias

In 2026, Mexico will face a trade environment characterized by differentiated tariffs per trading partner and a T-MEC that, although it will continue to be trilateral, will operate with bilateral components, anticipated José Medina Mora Icaza, president of the CCE.

He explained that the United States favors bilateral agreements and that the business sector is preparing multiple strategies in the face of a changing scenario. The recent approval of more than 1,460 tariff fractions reinforces the need for Mexico to adjust its policies to compete globally, since tariffs, he said, "are here to stay".

Medina Mora pointed out that it will be key to analyze the impact of the tariffs on Asian products and the possible responses of the affected countries, with the aim of ensuring benefits for Mexico through dialogue with the Government.

Document NFINCE0020251212elcc004ss




CENAFTAENG
MC: "The Budget is in the hands of the State Congress".

LPO 
384 words
12 December 2025
CE NAFTA 2.0-USMCA
NAFTA
English
Copyright © ContentEngineLLC 

The Secretary of Government of Nuevo Leon, Miguel Flores Serna, said that the counter-proposal of the Fiscal Package 2026 is in the hands of the local Congress and asked the deputies to build a Budget for the benefit of the State.

The official pointed out that the state administration is willing to make modifications to different items, even with the ISN: "We are not proposing or imposing any tax, rather we gave a list of options," said Flores Serna.

"A proposal was made with all the ceilings and maximums for them to make a counter-proposal and we agree with lowering some things, modifying it, in order to have a budget that will always benefit the people of Nuevo León", he pointed out.

However, the Secretary General of Government clarified that this openness will not allow negotiating the Budget Package in exchange for modifying the Electoral Law that affects women.

"The Budget will not be a bargaining chip for us to agree to postpone parity issues or anything that affects women. Women must govern where they have never governed. We are not going to take away women's rights and we are going to make it very clear that parity is not negotiable", Flores Serna emphasized.

In Nuevo León Informa, he highlighted that in four years of government, more than 105 billion pesos were allocated in public works, an item that continues to be prioritized in the proposal of the Fiscal Package 2026 sent by the Executive Branch, so that the state continues to be one of the great cities of the world.

Likewise, he added that foreign investment requires more and better infrastructure; therefore, the budget contemplates mobility, transportation, education and health to retain companies.

Finally he said that the Payroll Tax (ISN) from 3 to 4% was proposed to continue investing in the most important issues of the state such as security, mobility, health, education.

"This money will be destined to continue improving Nuevo León, beyond the fact that states like CDMX or Baja California and many others are already at that level, for a state like Nuevo León, public investment in infrastructure and security is not an expense, it is the basis that sustains our economic leadership."

Document NAFTA00020251212elcc0002t



*S&PGR Afrms Peru 'BBB-/A-3' Foreign Currency Rtgs; Otlk Stable

3,216 words
11 December 2025
16:27
Dow Jones Newswires
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2025, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

11 Dec 2025 16:27 ET  Press Release: S&PGR Afrms Peru 'BBB-/A-3' Foreign Currency Rtgs; Otlk Stable


 
The following is a press release from S&P Global Ratings: 
Overview 
-- We expect continued prudent macroeconomic policies, despite recurrent 
episodes of political instability and uncertainty ahead of national elections 
in 2026. 
-- We expect the government to maintain its fiscal consolidation path, 
albeit with expected spending pressures. 
-- We affirmed our 'BBB-' long-term foreign currency sovereign credit rating 
on Peru. 
-- The outlook remains stable, incorporating our view that moderate economic 
growth and favorable terms of trade will support Peru's resilient external 
profile . 
 
Rating Action 
On Dec. 11, 2025, S&P Global Ratings affirmed its 'BBB-' long-term foreign 
currency sovereign credit rating and its 'BBB' long-term local currency rating 
on Peru. The outlook remains stable. At the same time, we affirmed our 
short-term foreign currency sovereign credit rating at 'A-3' and short-term 
local currency rating at 'A-2'. We also affirmed our transfer and 
convertibility assessment at 'BBB+' . 
 
Outlook 
The stable outlook is based on our expectation of economic growth of around 3% 
annually over the next two years and a gradual fiscal consolidation, despite 
spending pressures. We expect continuity in fiscal and monetary policies after 
the national elections in 2026. Net general government debt will continue to 
rise but stabilize below 30% of GDP. Peru's monetary policy credibility and 
strong external position should remain rating strengths. 
 
Downside scenario 
We could lower the ratings over the next two years if there is a pronounced 
shift in economic policy that weakens investor sentiment and growth prospects. 
Lower growth could, in turn, put additional pressure on fiscal deficits and 
accelerate an increase in the debt burden. 
 
Upside scenario 
We could raise the ratings over the next two years if more stable political 
conditions support effective policy execution that boosts investment and 
economic growth prospects. Also, further reducing the country's net external 
debt or strengthening the debt profile could lead to an upgrade. 
 
Rationale 
Our ratings incorporate Peru's long-standing moderate macroeconomic policies, 
which have limited the downside risks to economic and financial performance, 
despite political instability over the past decade. The country has a long 
track record of prudent macroeconomic policies, with relatively low fiscal 
deficits, one of the lowest net debt levels in the region, and effective 
monetary and exchange rate policies. 
Institutional and economic profile: Recurrent political instability thwarts 
more robust economic growth 
-- Moderately weak institutions plus uncertainty about the outcome of 
national elections in 2026 reduce policy predictability. 
-- Despite recurrent political instability, the government has maintained 
economic stability, but economic growth has been low. 
-- Resilient domestic demand and higher copper and gold prices should 
contribute to GDP growth of around 3% over 2025-2028. 
Recurrent episodes of political instability have harmed Peru's capacity to 
address structural obstacles to economic growth and improve social conditions. 
Former president Dina Boluarte was rapidly impeached and removed from office in 
October 2025 following a spike in violence in the country. She was replaced by 
the former president of Congress, Jose Jer?, who became Peru's eighth president 
in just 10 years. 
Despite these events, good management by the country's key economic 
institutions, such as the central bank and ministry of finance, has helped to 
preserve policy and economic stability, as well as investor confidence. 
We expect political uncertainty to persist ahead of the presidential and 
legislative election in April 2026. Very low popular support for both the 
executive and Congress, along with severe political fragmentation (with 37 
presidential candidates) and weak political parties, translate into subpar 
governance and uncertainty surrounding future policies. Measures in Congress, 
such as withdrawals from the country's private sector pension system (whose 
assets have fallen by 16% of GDP due to previous rounds of withdrawals) and 
legislation that increases social spending, have prevented the government from 
rebuilding fiscal buffers that have fallen over the past five years. 
Peru will return to a bicameral legislature beginning in 2026, with the 
reinstitution of the Senate (dissolved in 1992). The change could, in theory, 
bolster the country's checks and balances, boost the need to seek wider 
consensus on new laws, and reduce the risk of legislation that might erode the 
country's fiscal profile. However, the impact of the new set up will depend on 
the composition of the Senate and its relationship with the other branches of 
government. 
We expect 3.1% GDP growth for Peru in 2025, resulting from resilient domestic 
demand thanks to low inflation, improving household income and real salaries, 
short-term consumption boosts from pension withdrawals, a recovery in private 
and public investment, and extraordinary increases in copper and gold prices. 
Our forecast of 2.8% average growth in 2026-2028 owes to various mining and 
infrastructure projects under execution through public-private partnerships. 
We expect metal prices will continue to bolster exports and economic growth. 
Copper prices remain above their long-term average due to high global demand 
and supply constraints. The price of gold has also surged significantly with 
ongoing trade policy uncertainty, although we expect it to revert to long-term 
averages over the next three years (see " S&P Global Ratings' Metal Price 
Assumptions: Gold Powers Higher, Copper Jumps," Oct. 13, 2025 ). 
We expect the mining and agricultural-export sectors to experience logistical 
and capacity gains following the conclusion of the first phase of the Chancay 
Port in November 2024. Although the port has not yet achieved full capacity, we 
expect growing trade through the Chancay and Callao ports to boost employment 
and related services. 
We forecast GDP per capita at US$9,800 in 2025, below that of similarly rated 
and regional peers. Moderate growth, especially in per capita terms, will limit 
improvement in Peru's socioeconomic conditions. Subdued growth also limits the 
capacity to rebuild resilience to potential climate shocks. 
Flexibility and performance profile: We expect gradual fiscal consolidation 
and government debt to stabilize at a relatively low level 
-- Fiscal deficits will gradually narrow as the economy grows. 
-- We expect Peru's external indicators to remain solid, helped by favorable 
terms of trade. 
-- Inflation will stay within the central bank's 1%-3% target range. 
Despite recurrent political uncertainty, the government has achieved an 
important fiscal consolidation, likely meeting its fiscal deficit target of 
2.2% of GDP in 2025, down from 3.5% in 2024. 
However, we expect the fiscal consolidation could be delayed due to increasing 
political pressure in Congress to boost spending. Peru's autonomous Fiscal 
Council has warned about the impact of laws approved by Congress that either 
permanently increase spending or reduce revenue, which could erode the 
country's macroeconomic fundamentals. In our base case, we assume a temporary 
increase in spending in 2026, followed by resumed fiscal consolidation, 
resulting in an annual increase in net general government debt of 2.0% of GDP 
over 2025-2028. 
We assess contingent liabilities from public entities to be limited. Our 
estimate of the general government deficit excludes public companies, although 
we do incorporate budgetary support, such as the government gave to Petroperu 
in 2024 for 0.6% of GDP (the government capitalized the company and assumed 
part of its debt service payments). Nevertheless, Petroperu's total debt is 
estimated at 1.8% of GDP for 2025. 
To fund the fiscal deficit, the government will continue to rely on available 
liquid assets (6.5% of GDP in 2025), market issuance, and loans from 
multilateral lending institutions. We expect net general government debt to 
slightly increase and stabilize around 25% of GDP by 2028, in line with our 
forecast for deficits and a slight exchange rate depreciation (net general 
government debt was 12% of GDP before the pandemic). We forecast that interest 
payments will hover around 8% of government revenue. About 87% of Peru's debt 
is at fixed rates, and it has an average maturity of 12 years. 
High reliance on external markets during recent years raised the vulnerability 
of Peru's debt to negative shocks. The government is likely to continue 
performing liability management operations to gradually reverse the 
deterioration in the currency profile of its debt. As of September 2025, 45% of 
the government's debt was in foreign currency and 62% of commercial debt was 
held by nonresidents, partly a result of eight pension fund withdrawals. 
We expect Peru's external indicators will remain resilient, thanks to 
favorable terms of trade. Metal mining exports represent 64% of total exports 
(with copper and gold accounting for 30% and 24% of goods exports, 
respectively). Albeit from a low base, nontraditional agriculture exports are 
also performing strongly. Despite favorable external conditions, access to 
external financing could suffer if domestic uncertainty were to worsen investor 
sentiment, potentially leading to capital outflows. 
We expect trade surpluses to average 8% of GDP over 2025-2028, versus near 
balance in 2015. Thanks to high export prices, we project a current account 
surplus of 2.5% of GDP in 2025, narrowing toward 1% over the next three years. 
In 2025-2028, we also expect net foreign direct investment inflows, including 
reinvestment, of about 2% of GDP. 
The combination of current account surpluses and foreign direct investment 
inflows should stabilize Peru's external profile. Narrow net external debt has 
improved markedly this year to 12% of current account receipts from 24% in 

11 Dec 2025 16:28 ET 
Press Release: S&PGR Afrms Peru 'BBB-/A-3' -2-


2024, thanks to a substantial increase in international reserves that reached 
$90 billion or 27% of GDP. We expect gross external financial needs will remain 
at roughly 69% of current account receipts plus usable reserves in 2025-2028. 
Peru has a track record of monetary policy credibility and effectiveness. We 
project average inflation at 1.6% in 2025 and inflation expectations to remain 
anchored at the middle of the central bank's target of 1%-3%. The central bank 
has been normalizing its monetary policy rate, currently at 4.25%. Furthermore, 
the credibility of the central bank and the floating exchange rate regime have 
resulted in a track record of currency stability in real terms. However, the 
country faces the challenge to further develop its domestic capital markets, 
which have suffered from withdrawals from private pension funds, lessening the 
liquidity that they provided to support long-term investments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Related Criteria 
-- General Criteria: Environmental, Social, And Governance Principles In 
Credit Ratings, Oct. 10, 2021 
-- Criteria | Governments | Sovereigns: Sovereign Rating Methodology, Dec. 
18, 2017 
-- General Criteria: Methodology For Linking Long-Term And Short-Term 
Ratings, April 7, 2017 
-- General Criteria: Principles Of Credit Ratings, Feb. 16, 2011 
-- General Criteria: Methodology: Criteria For Determining Transfer And 
Convertibility Assessments, May 18, 2009 
 
 
Related Research 
-- Economic Outlook Emerging Markets Q1 2026: AI Will Drive Trade 
Divergence In 2026, Nov. 24, 2025 
-- Sovereign Ratings List, Nov. 11, 2025 
-- Sovereign Ratings History, Nov. 11, 2025 
-- S&P Global Ratings' Metal Price Assumptions: Gold Powers Higher, Copper 
Jumps, Oct. 13, 2025 
-- Sovereign Risk Indicators, Oct. 9, 2025 
-- Petroleos del PeruPetroperu S.A., Aug. 27, 2025 
-- Republic of Peru, Dec. 20, 2024 
-- Banking Industry Country Risk Assessment: Peru, Dec. 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
In accordance with our relevant policies and procedures, the Rating Committee 
was composed of analysts that are qualified to vote in the committee, with 
sufficient experience to convey the appropriate level of knowledge and 
understanding of the methodology applicable (see "Related Criteria"). At the 
onset of the committee, the chair confirmed that the information provided to 
the Rating Committee by the primary analyst had been distributed in a timely 
manner and was sufficient for Committee members to make an informed decision. 
After the primary analyst gave opening remarks and explained the 
recommendation, the Committee discussed key rating factors and critical issues 
in accordance with the relevant criteria. Qualitative and quantitative risk 
factors were considered and discussed, looking at track-record and forecasts. 
The committee's assessment of the key rating factors is reflected in the 
Rating Component Scores above. 
The chair ensured every voting member was given the opportunity to articulate 
his/her opinion. The chair or designee reviewed the draft report to ensure 
consistency with the Committee decision. The views and the decision of the 
rating committee are summarized in the above rationale and outlook. The 
weighting of all rating factors is described in the methodology used in this 
rating action (see "Related Criteria"). 
 
 
Ratings List 
 
 
 
 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to 
express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed to 
them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such 
criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/ratings-criteria for 
further information. A description of each of S&P Global Ratings' rating 
categories is contained in "S&P Global Ratings Definitions" at 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352. 
Complete ratings information is available to RatingsDirect subscribers at 
www.capitaliq.com. All ratings referenced herein can be found on S&P Global 
Ratings' public website at www.spglobal.com/ratings. 
 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used 
to express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings 
ascribed to them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in 
conjunction with such criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/ratings-criteria 
for further information. A description of each of S&P Global Ratings' 
rating categories is contained in "S&P Global Ratings Definitions" at 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352. 
Complete ratings information is available to RatingsDirect subscribers 
at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings referenced herein can be found on S&P 
Global Ratings' public website at www.spglobal.com/ratings. 
 
 
Primary Contact: Patricio E Vimberg, Mexico City 52-55-1037-5288; 
                 patricio.vimberg@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Constanza M Perez Aquino, Buenos Aires 54-11-4891-2167; 
                   constanza.perez.aquino@spglobal.com 
                   Joydeep Mukherji, New York 1-212-438-7351; 
                   joydeep.mukherji@spglobal.com 
 
The article with associated information, including pertinent lists, 
tables, or charts is available at https://disclosure.spglobal.com. 
Registration is free. 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC 
or its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Some of the Content may have been created with the assistance of an artificial 
intelligence (AI) tool. Published Content created or processed using AI is 
composed, reviewed, edited, and approved by S&P personnel. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.spglobal.com/ratings 
(free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com (subscription), and may be 
distributed through other means, including via S&P publications and third- 
party redistributors. Additional information about our ratings fees is 
available at www.spglobal.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 

11 Dec 2025 16:28 ET 
Press Release: S&PGR Afrms Peru 'BBB-/A-3' -3-


may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2025 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC. 
All rights reserved. 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

December 11, 2025 16:28 ET (21:28 GMT)

Document DJDN000020251211elcb003ao


Search Summary

 Text("foreign direct investment" OR FDI OR "foreign investment" OR "inversión extranjera directa" OR IED) AND ("Mexico City" OR CDMX OR "Ciudad de México") AND (infrastructure OR factory OR factories OR office OR offices OR jobs OR employment OR plant OR manufacturing OR "industrial park" OR "data center" OR expansion OR investment)   DateIn the last 3 months   SourceAll Sources   AuthorAll Authors   CompanyAll Companies   SubjectAll Subjects   IndustryAll Industries   RegionAll Regions   LanguageAll Languages   Results Found513   Timestamp14 January 2026 18:23  
 Page 1 of 1     © 2026 Factiva, Inc.  All rights reserved.


 

 Page 1     © 2026 Factiva, Inc.  All rights reserved.

