Stella-Jones to Expand Statewide Footprint with Lincoln County Steel Lattice Tower Manufacturing Facility

April 28, 2026

*The scope of the project has changed since this project was announced on April 28, 2026, and the updated number of jobs that the company will create in Fayetteville is 212. The investment will stay the same.

NASHVILLE, Tenn. – Tennessee Gov. Bill Lee, Deputy Gov. and Department of Economic and Community Development Commissioner Stuart C. McWhorter and Stella-Jones Corporation officials announced today the company will expand its presence in Tennessee with a new steel lattice tower manufacturing facility in Lincoln County.

As part of the project, Stella-Jones plans to create nearly 230 jobs and invest $45 million in Fayetteville, Tennessee, at the Runway Centre Industrial Park, a Select Tennessee Certified Site. This new facility will be the company’s first U.S.-based steel structure manufacturing operation and will allow Stella-Jones to better support growing demand by utilities across the country. The site is expected to be fully commissioned by the end of 2027.

Stella-Jones was founded in 1992 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where it still houses its company headquarters. The company manufactures infrastructure products, which include treated wood utility poles, treated wood crossarms and steel lattice towers, as well as railway ties and residential lumber in 45 manufacturing locations across North America.

Since 2019, Canada has emerged as the state’s No. 2 partner for job creation through foreign direct investment (FDI) with Canadian companies creating more than 4,000 jobs statewide.

QUOTES

“Today’s announcement reinforces that Tennessee is not only leading the nation as the best state to do business but also as a top hub for global brands. We’re proud that Stella-Jones is expanding into Middle Tennessee and look forward to seeing the opportunity these nearly 230 jobs will have on the families across Lincoln County for years to come.” – Gov. Bill Lee

“Companies always have a choice in where they choose to do business, and we’re thrilled that Stella-Jones is furthering its commitment to Tennessee by investing in a new location in Fayetteville. Congratulations on today’s announcement and thank you to the partners that came together to bring this project to fruition.” – Deputy Governor and TNECD Commissioner Stuart C. McWhorter

“We are truly pleased to announce Fayetteville as the home of our first U.S.-based steel structure manufacturing facility. As we prepare the site, we look forward to building on our long-standing relationship with the state of Tennessee and to playing an active role in the broader community. We are grateful to soon call Fayetteville home as we continue to invest and focus to support the needs of our utility customers across the country.” – Stella-Jones President and Chief Executive Officer Eric Vachon

“We are excited to welcome Stella-Jones Inc. to Lincoln County. Working in partnership with Fayetteville Public Utilities, Fayetteville-Lincoln County Industrial Development Board, Middle Tennessee Industrial Development Association and the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development furthers our shared commitment to fostering economic growth in the region. Stella-Jones’ establishment here represents investment and the creation of job opportunities for the communities we serve.
TVA is proud to support companies that contribute to the prosperity and vibrancy of our region.” – Heidi Smith, vice president of economic development, TVA

“Lincoln County continues to diversify its industrial base with the announcement of Stella-Jones coming to our Runway Industrial Park. I want to thank TVA, the State of Tennessee and Elaine Middleton and her staff at the industrial development board for all they have done to make this project a reality. The dedicated workforce here in Lincoln County is a major reason for Stella-Jones to locate here.
The mayor’s office, county government and our citizens stand ready to make Stella-Jones welcome and successful.” – Lincoln County Mayor Bill Newman

“Stella-Jones’ decision to invest $45 million and create nearly 230 new jobs in Lincoln County is outstanding news for our region. This significant investment in Fayetteville reflects the strength of our workforce and the business-friendly environment we’ve worked hard to build.” – Sen. Janice Bowling (R-Tullahoma)

“Tennessee continues to be a beacon for businesses because of our low taxes, family-friendly policies and highly skilled workforce. This is a significant announcement that will lead to hundreds of new quality jobs and strengthen Lincoln County’s growing manufacturing sector. I’m grateful to the company and local leaders who made this project a reality, and I look forward to seeing its lasting impact on our community.” – Rep. Clay Doggett (R-Pulaski)

ABOUT STELLA-JONES

Stella-Jones Inc. (TSX: SJ) is a leading North American manufacturer of products focused on supporting infrastructure essential to the electrical distribution and transmission network and the operation and maintenance of railway transportation systems.

It supplies the continent’s major electrical utility companies with treated wood poles and crossarms, steel lattice towers and steel transmission poles, as well as North America’s Class 1, short line and commercial railroad operators with treated wood railway ties and timbers. It also supports infrastructure with industrial products, namely timbers for railway bridges, crossings and construction, marine and foundation pilings and coal tar-based products.

Additionally, the company manufactures and distributes premium treated residential lumber and accessories to Canadian and American retailers for outdoor applications, with a significant portion of the business devoted to servicing Canadian customers through its national manufacturing and distribution network. For more, visit www.stella-jones.com.

ABOUT THE TENNESSEE DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT (TNECD)

TNECD is the state’s primary agency committed to fostering economic growth through job creation and community development. By attracting new corporate investment and facilitating the growth of existing businesses, the department works to strengthen Tennessee’s competitive landscape. Additionally, TNECD strives to increase the economic prosperity for all Tennesseans by providing grants to communities statewide, helping them to become vibrant, business-friendly environments where companies can flourish.

For more information, visit us at tnecd.com. Join the conversation on Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook and YouTube.

Media Contact

Stella-Jones
Stephanie Corrente
Director, Corporate Communications
communications@stella-jones.com

TNECD
Chris O’Brien
Public Information Officer
(615) 934-5879
Chris.OBrien@tn.gov
